Enrique T. Salem: When you look at the underlying trends that drive that demand, storage continues to grow at a very rapid rate. This morning, we started to do some of the work around our NetBackup and Backup Exec launch. And in some of the comments that I made this morning, Brad, we talked about growth in storage being forecast for this year close to 50%, I think I said about 48% for the year. And when you look at that growth in storage, there continues to be demand for our solutions that help customers deduplicate, better manage that whole backup environment. When you look at the current demand for our backup appliances, that continues to be robust, given that growth in information. On the other side, some of the comments I made around the strength in DLP, Managed Security Services, it's clear that people need help thinking about how do they protect their information. So even as we look at all the different news about the economy and unemployment rates and so forth, there continues to be good demand for the range of our portfolio. And my expectation is that, given what I'm seeing, is that we'll continue into this year.
Enrique T. Salem: Absolutely. So we saw strong bookings across all 5 regions in Europe. We did see a little bit of weakness in a couple of Mediterranean countries. But in general, across all of the regions, bookings were strong. I was actually, to be honest, pleasantly surprised with the strength that we saw across Europe on a bookings basis.
Enrique T. Salem: What you see happening in our business is that we're starting to get a lot more of our .cloud businesses growing at a faster rate than our on-premise offering. So when you look at .cloud, our VeriSign business, we definitely -- our MSS business, we continue to see real good growth in the subscription side of the business. Now with the new releases, of course, that will drive some new license growth. But my expectation as we look forward in this business is that subscriptions are actually going to grow faster than licenses, just given the mix and the move in the marketplace.
Enrique T. Salem: When you look at the Core Storage Management business, what we saw in the quarter was strong bookings performance. And as you know, that takes time to roll into the P&L, into revenue. And so my expectation is that we are continuing to see improvements over the last 3 or 4 quarters in that business. I look at what's happening on the non-Solaris platforms. For example, on Red Hat and Linux, we definitely are seeing good demand for our products, and we're working very closely with both Red Hat and with VMware on how do we continue to extend the Storage Management business onto those platforms to increase our overall penetration. And I see that is a trend that's going to continue as we look forward.
Enrique T. Salem: What you see happening in the Solaris business is it's becoming a smaller percentage of our total business as the other platforms continue to grow. The moves towards the non-Solaris platforms is definitely, as a total percentage, just increasing every quarter for probably the last 8 quarters, if not longer, and I expect that trend to continue. And we've got a number of initiatives that should continue to accelerate that trend. So it's more that the percentage or mix of our business is changing away from Solaris. And definitely, this -- Solaris is not a growth platform for us.
Enrique T. Salem: When we look at the opportunity, it absolutely is focused on people rearchitecting how they do data protection. The volumes of data that are out there right now and the growth rate is not allowing people to successfully complete backup of all the critical data in a traditional way. So what they're having to do is drive rearchitecture, which is saying they have to use new technologies, such as deduplication. The second aspect that's driving it is, as they move to more virtualized servers, you're also seeing a need to use updated or new technologies that are more efficient at backing up a virtualized server. So you've got a rearchitecture going on in data protection. The other thing that's happening is, because data and information is so critical in so many different processes, you're also seeing people having the need to keep some of that data more accessible or online using technologies like archiving. And then lastly, because of the legal issues around the discovery process, you're seeing them have to add new techniques and methodologies around the discovery process. And by the way, this is being done now both on-premise and in the cloud. So you look at that, and what you've got is a real rearchitecture of how you think about data protection, Information Management and so forth, so that rearchitecture really creates, in my opinion, a tailwind for us as they think through how do they get ahead of this problem. When you think about the other side of it, obviously, what we do every day is we have to continue to drive innovation. And so a number of the new capabilities that we're delivering into the marketplace with the new Backup launch are that improved support for virtual environments, improved deduplication rates, doing deduplication everywhere, from the client to the data center. And so there's a lot of opportunity for innovation in that market, and so we're continuing to do that. The only thing that I think about is over time, and we've talked about this, is we are going to move to more appliances. Our Appliance business keeps doing very well, and that will put a little bit of pressure on our margins. And so it's just a different cost structure than an enterprise software license. But from a market health, from a competitive perspective on the capabilities that we have, I feel very good about that. And then the only thing, the only headwind that I'm worried about right now is really the -- with the pressure on the margins.
Enrique T. Salem: And so the benefit that we're seeing, as you touched on it, is because of our ability to better target customers and with our new e-commerce platform and then also adding the new Services set, products like Online Backup, products like Ultimate Help Desk, they are absolutely being used and adopted. And that drove 2 percentage points of growth in consumer in the last quarter. And we -- as I look forward and I look to the next year and the following year, I expect that those new services will continue to drive an increasing percentage of the growth of that business.
Enrique T. Salem: Sure. Let's start with the first part. When we look at the sales force and sales productivity, I'm very pleased with the progress we're making across the Enterprise segments. When I look at the large deal productivity, the metric -- I think James gave 135 deals over $1 million. When I look at the cross-selling, where 41% of the deals include products from both our security business and our Storage and Server Management business, we absolutely are being able to articulate a vision that says to customers the range of our products can help you deal with your information growth and information security problems. And so sales force productivity has continued to improve over the last 3 years. At the last Analyst Day, Bill Robbins talked about some metrics around expense to bookings, expense to billings, and my expectation is that, that metric should continue to improve, not just this year, but again next year. And I expect that to continue the year after that. And so as you know, we've been working over, I would say, probably the last 5 years to continue to improve that metric, and I expect it to continue. So now, coming into your second part of your question, some of the improvements in expansion and margin will come from continued improvements in sales, but I actually believe we'll see improvements across all parts of the business. I think there's improvements in every line of the P&L, and that gives me great confidence that over the next several years, we'll continue to be able to drive margin improvement each year. Obviously, I want to make sure that some of the improvement comes from top line growth, but we're absolutely going to drive better cost management, cost containment, which we've been doing over the last several years, and I expect that to continue.
Enrique T. Salem: Brent, I haven't seen a change in the length of the contracts that we're signing. I think it stayed pretty consistent over the last several quarters. What you are seeing, as we increase the deals at all of the metrics, we gave $300,000 and $1 million, is you are seeing us be able to bring more of the portfolio into each of those agreements. And my expectation, now that we've brought in technologies like Clearwell and LiveOffice, for example, when we are selling a backup solution or an archiving solution, my expectation is that we'll actually be able to sell a much broader set of capabilities. And so that would put upward pressure on our deal size. Because instead of just buying Archiving, we're going to show you a compelling reason why you should buy our Archiving and our Discovery. And now we've got the market-leading Discovery technology that makes it a easier or a better discussion. And as we further integrate eDiscovery with archiving and backup, I expect that will just make it even better from a large-deal metric perspective.
Enrique T. Salem: Brent, when you think about storage, are you thinking the Storage and Availability Management or the Backup side? How do you...
Enrique T. Salem: Okay, what we're seeing in Storage is the continued move to virtualization and the continued move to people looking at the Linux platform and moving mission-critical workloads onto the Linux platform. So our expectation is, as we bring some of the new technologies that do high availability on a virtualized environment, like our AppHA, that will continue to gain traction in the marketplace. When they move to non-Solaris platforms, what's happening is they're still relying on us for the robust and the high availability. And so I expect that, that will continue. As far as new technologies, we're at the forefront of file system performance, at the forefront of clustering technologies. We're showing people right now how they can more effectively build their private clouds using our technology. I was just in our Executive briefing center yesterday, and one of the things that's resonating very well with customers is we're saying, "Look, use the existing infrastructure you have, your storage infrastructure, your computing infrastructure more effectively." When you're trying to build that private cloud, what you're really trying to do is get better utilization of all of your IT resources, not just your hardware assets, but also your people assets. And so using our technologies, we're able to show customers how we use the file system and clustering technologies to build out that private cloud in a highly scalable, highly cost-effective way. And so we absolutely believe that we're positioning ourselves well as people try to build out their private cloud infrastructure.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. What we see is that the DLP business has been a catalyst for building our relationship with the CISOs. If you look at the product portfolio, products like control compliance were also helping us there. But DLP has changed the relationship that we have with the CISO, because that information that they get from their DLP product is being shared broadly with the minds of business leaders so that they understand the risks and the exposure that a business has. So my expectation is that DLP will be used broadly across the enterprise, and it will also start moving below what I would call the Large Enterprise segment into the Enterprise segment and, potentially, the higher end of the mid-market. The other thing that we're doing with DLP this quarter is we're delivering our DLP for tablets, which has been in very high demand because people are using more. I think you saw yesterday in iPad numbers where I think there were 15 million iPads sold in the December quarter, and a number of those iPads end up in the enterprise. And so customers are absolutely looking forward to the ability to use our DLP technology on their tablet devices. As far as the other part of your question, James, do you want to talk about the...
Enrique T. Salem: What customers tell me all the time is they don't want to be systems integrators. They want Symantec to deliver integrated solutions. And the more we can build the complete offering in data protection, the more interest and demand we get. And that's why we're seeing such good performance from our Appliance business, because customer previously were buying the backup software, they were buying deduplication hardware and they were buying the media server, all separately. What we're able to do with our 5240 appliances is integrate all of that. So then when you extend it to the other components of our data protection suite, our goal is to continue to bring in the other components. We absolutely have differentiated technology date [ph]. Clearwell is the market leader in eDiscovery; LiveOffice, best-in-class, hosted archiving technology; NetBackup, market leader in backup software. We put all that together in one integrated solution, I think you're absolutely right, that should start distancing us from the competition, because no one has the market-leading, best-of-breed technologies in the different areas that I've described. And so I'm very bullish on the prospects for all of our data protection capabilities. And as we further integrate them, I think that business will continue to perform very well for us.
Enrique T. Salem: Obviously, we're keeping an eye on what's happening with the supply chain in the PC marketplace, which is just another headwind in the overall PC growth rate. I absolutely don't expect any kind of turnaround in PC shipments until we get through probably to the Windows 8 launch. And what we're always doing, then, is saying how do we continue to build our business so that it's less dependent on the numbers of PC units that are being shipped? And that's been something that's not a new process for Symantec. It's something that we've been working on for some time. And so we continue to add new services. We're reviewing proposals for some of the new capabilities. I commented that we're seeing more and more downloads of our Norton Mobile Security for Android. And so my expectation is that the core PC software side is going to benefit for our ability to cross-sell other components of our portfolio, upsell to the higher price points. But I don't expect that -- as James commented on a previous question, I don't expect to see an uptick in PC units, and so new customer acquisition will be relatively stable. I expect the opportunity to be in these other services as we go beyond the PC. So my expectation is we'll continue to track the consumer business, definitely a headwind in PCs, definitely a headwind on the -- in the -- going beyond the PC and a headwind because of the supply chain. But I think we just need to continue to build our business around some of the other new services that the consumer businesses continue to add.
Enrique T. Salem: You're absolutely right on how well SEP is doing. I mean, 3 million people have already installed it. It's the best adoption we've seen. The team, quite frankly, hit the ball out of the park with the quality of this release, and so I couldn't be happier. And the feedback I've reported over the last several quarters initially came from our partners, and now it's coming from customers, where that product is absolutely the best-in-class anti-malware protection product on the market. So our team did a great job there. What we're also seeing, though, is, and I've commented that given the work to integrate McAfee into Intel, we're also seeing opportunity to displace and gain share across segments against McAfee. And so we're feeling very encouraged by that. I don't know that we -- we don't break out the Endpoint Security business revenue, but what I am seeing is very good improvement in that business where it was flat to declining previously. And we're definitely seeing a more stability and growth in that business as a result of the last couple of quarters. And so I expect that to continue, and I'm confident that the new product is really the best product on the market.
Enrique T. Salem: We definitely see opportunity there. As you know, we created a new group focused on this segment. We are driving a number of new initiatives. One of the most encouraging components of that segment is not just the on premise, but the opportunity with our Symantec Endpoint Protection .cloud business where we're seeing it easier for customers to use that product in that segment. And so my expectation is we're going to continue to see improvements over the next several quarters on a bookings basis in the SMB segment. The focus, the product and the flexibility that we offer with .cloud I think is going to bode well for that business.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. I would tell you that what we see is, our core business and the new products, again, this is something we'd -- as we drive the consistency in execution, what we're seeing is better products and better sales execution. And ultimately, I am convinced that our Norton products, the 2012 products, are the absolute best products on the market. So what that does is that starts having a positive effect not only on how do we bring customers in, but also on keeping customers happy. And we look at the metrics from what we call our customer loyalty or Net Promoter Score, and that business continues to lead the pack as far as the best customer loyalty. Now you are seeing the continued move at the lower end of the market to what we call the freemium, from freemium vendors. And they continue to be out there. I would tell you that, as I look at data that we have available, some of those vendors are struggling with some of their monetization models, and I expect that they're going to continue to struggle going forward, because their business model is going to get challenged as they try to upsell to some of the services, because we've got a better market position with better services, and I'm convinced that we'll be able to effectively compete with anybody who is offering a freemium product. As you know, there's probably a couple of them that are going to try to go public, and it will be interesting to see. As they disclose how they're generating revenue, and some of them already have, I think it will become pretty clear that there's going to be some headwinds that they're going to face going forward, and I think we're going to be a driver of some of those headwinds.
Enrique T. Salem: Well, I'm pleased with our team's execution and solid results for the sixth consecutive quarter. Thank you for joining us this afternoon, and I definitely look forward to speaking with you again soon.
James Beer: In terms of EPS, I would expect that we'd be seeing a headwind somewhere of the order of $0.02 to $0.03, in that trajectory.
James Beer: No, nothing changing in terms of the types of deal constructs that we're entering into around storage management.
James Beer: Yes. Well, as I've mentioned in my prepared remarks, in the December quarter, the year-over-year benefit of the gross margin line percentage-wise is being driven by the fact that we have fewer consulting services activities this period, December, versus the year ago period. Now we're starting to get towards lapping that type of an effect. And so that will start to mitigate as a driver of gross margin in the coming quarters. Now going in the other direction, we've talked about the success of our Appliances business. As we continue to ramp up the scale of that business, then that will tend to lower gross margins somewhat. So I think we'll probably be expecting to see a reversal of the gross margin trajectory driven by the success of the appliances.
James Beer: Well, at the operating line, the operating margin line, what we talked about back at Analyst Day now is that, as we continue to grow, scale these higher-growth, currently smaller businesses like MSS, hosted service offerings, then, yes, that will have something of an impact on margins. But obviously, we're very pleased as to the progress we've made in developing those businesses. We see a lot more growth opportunity in them coming down the track in the next few years. And so as we scale them, then their margin contribution will improve.
James Beer: Well, in terms of the December quarter, we saw OEM fees down around $8 million year-over-year, so that's driving about 0.5 point of margin at the operating line. And I would expect directionally that type of an effect in the March quarter. Now beyond that, obviously hard to say exactly how PC unit shipments are going to respond to the various market forces that you're referring to in your question. But that's what we see for the immediate term.
James Beer: Well, directionally, we think of the tax rate at around 28%, a little bit north of that. And then there are obviously different onetime items that tend to come up each quarter that land us on the published rate along with each quarterly set of results. So I wouldn't expect any change from that sort of 28%, 28.5% type base rate, if you will.
James Beer: Just one other fact in service of the adoption of SEP 12. This time a quarter ago, we had 1.3 million installations. As Enrique says, now we're over 3 million. So it's a fast acceleration rate.
James Beer: Yes. Obviously, cash flow tends to be more volatile between one period or another. The last few quarters, we've been comfortably ahead. And so that's just particularly why I reemphasize year-to-date cash flow from operations having grown 10%.
