Gregory S. Clark: Thank you, Nick. In summary, the new Symantec is positioned to be the leading cybersecurity provider to protect customers for the cloud generation. With the upcoming acquisition of LifeLock, we are delivering the most comprehensive digital safety platform for consumers at a time when the need for an end-to-end offering has never been more acute for families. From a financial perspective, we are on track to gain share and achieve industry leading profitability at scale, which will drive sustainable free cash flow growth. Finally, we are efficiently deploying capital to maximize long-term shareholder value. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah. I think that a really good question. When we embarked on the journey of putting Blue Coat and Symantec together, this was one of the things that myself and Mike Fey really lend a lot of time to making sure the sales force still work. So we're now closing the second quarter on beating our guidance, and one of the main things in any sales force is predictability. I think that that's something that we're feeling very good about and that we have taken two large sales forces and we're predictable and it still works. So like I say sort of – that's usually things take a pause at the beginning of two large integrations like that. We have not seen that happen, and so we feel really good about the current state of play. As you can see from Nick's comments on our fourth quarter, we're feeling good about right now. So what happens in 2018 is we are going into a situation where we have a much expanded sales force. Right now we are incenting the Symantec people and the Blue Coat people to work together. In 2018, we have a much wider approach. We've been doing a lot of training to bring the Blue Coat teams up to speed on the Symantec products, and the Symantec products up to speed on the Blue Coat systems. We are optimistic that after that is deployed, that we will see a massive capacity gain in the field, and we have also been doing a lot of work on our channel. And when we get to our Analyst Day that we announced before, we will give you some insights into the simplification of what we're doing in the channels, which we expect to also drive some substantial efficiency gains both for our channel and for us, which should help us drive better results in 2018. So we do have some heavy integration work coming down the pipe in the sales force. We are very experienced at these matters and we've got a lot of training and planning around it. And we feel good about our ability to execute, and we feel very good about the capacity increases we will bring to bear on the market as we get further into 2018.
Gregory S. Clark: So I think Symantec and Blue Coat in product management in the field already had a shared vision here. Like the Blue Coat network technology and the Symantec data protection technology been integrated in the market for a long time, and do well together inside customer accounts. Then we came along and brought CASB to it for the stuff that's outside the firewall and the cloud, and that was a natural fit. And then most people were trying to figure out how to do single sign on a multifactor authentication across 50 cloud apps. We had that solution. So taking these pieces and putting them together in our field was extremely easy to do. This was something where people were hoping we were going to do that, thought we were going to do that, and when we reaffirmed that in our product roadmaps, they were very excited at the customer cold base (47:39).
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah. So I think in Consumer, there's a couple things that are really noteworthy. We came to market with the announcement of Norton Core at the CES show in Las Vegas, and we had some comments in our prepared remarks on that. I encourage everyone to go and take a look at those. That launch was extremely well received both at the show and even in our telecom service provider customer base extremely powerful interest in bringing that to market, especially what's been going on in IoT in the home and protecting the family and protecting our customers across multiple channels, whether it be PC, Mac, Android or iOS. And so we have a very strong story there. We've also launched our Wi-Fi protection for when you're a consumer and you're roaming around, protect you on all the various Wi-Fi infrastructure that you attach to, which is a dangerous place for malware. And when we put it all together and bringing LifeLock to the story, we have now got a digital safety proposition for consumers, their family, and the total end-to-end cyber defense and identity protection problems that they have. This includes things like next-gen parental controls, where it's not about just blocking inappropriate content. It's about face time, screen time, time of day, and even turning off the applications so that everyone comes to dinner and puts down their cellphone. This is really center of mind for consumers. It's been- we have been testing this with our focus groups. We do a lot of focus group testing, and we are very bullish about our ability to increase our consumer revenues from this value proposition. And also as people refresh their PC footprint to be able to not have to work too hard to keep them across that refresh through this value proposition, which is extremely powerful in really bringing our malware protection revenues back to growth. So we think that we – as we announced at the LifeLock acquisition, that we can do that in an accelerated fashion and we are bullish about the future of our consumer business. We're also encouraged by the results that LifeLock announced today. That was a strong result considering an acquisition at the same time.
Gregory S. Clark: So we've – a lot of these consumer electronics stores carry Norton already, and we've had extremely good feedback globally from those channels, whether it be in Japan or Germany or the U.K. or here in the U.S. So we're very excited about the consumer channels that we use and the interest in Norton Core from them. And then in addition to that, as I mentioned, we have a strong go-to-market partnership inside global telecom for our Norton products, and that is a natural fit to where we put in not only hardware solutions, but also we combine our technology with existing hardware solutions that are already being deployed by some of these broadband providers. So we feel good about really extending our brand. We have real tech here, and we've got a very strong presence from the networking side of Blue Coat in these telecom providers already, and we feel good about being able to really go after that sort of consumer broadband user in the home. Two routes, people that will pick up a powerful piece of technology and bring it home, and also getting it through the service provider themselves.
Gregory S. Clark: So, Shaul, it's a good question. So just as a matter of policy as a cyber defense vendor, we never give product details in any account, because that's not a good thing for the adversaries to sometimes know that. So as proud as we are about some of our recent things that we did, it's difficult for us to talk about it. But I wanted to say a few things. If you go and take a look at some press releases, we noticed from our threat telemetry, which is one of the biggest competitive advantages our company has against others, we had seen the instances – the instance of some very powerful nation state malware coming back slightly morphed late last year. And we reported on that and we told everybody to kind of button up and be careful, because this stuff is not good for you. And then there was a report came out a couple of weeks ago that it was back and it had shut down substantial infrastructure in Saudi, and that's something that was reported by the media. And then following that, later in the week, one of those companies tweeted and took an interview with some media thanking Symantec for fixing it for them, just a few days later. What went down between that happening and that tweet coming out was something we're very proud of. We never asked the customer to do it. It was just them thanking us, and we helped them put that back together. So that is a massive capability that we have in terms of being able to detect, then also being able to cure these kind of problems. And so I think that's something that if you take a look at the cyber investments that those organizations have, they are massive and they have a lot of heavy stuff in there to protect them from cyber issues like this. And I just would like the audience to know that we are a prime ally in the fight against nation state malware and very capable there. Then in the federal government, similarly to the comment about commercial accounts, we don't like to talk about the kind of products, where, what and when. But we have always had on both the Blue Coat and Symantec side a very strong relationship with all the five eye (01:01:03) governments because we are a very important laboratory in the defense against malware in general, and we have substantial installations all over the world in governments and defense organizations.
