James A. Beer: So in terms of deferred revenue, I would expect it to approximately track revenue. What we are seeing is increasing growth in the subscription businesses in the Services business, which of course start out their sales volumes as deferred revenue on the balance sheet. So I would expect directionally deferred revenues to continue tracking along with revenue. In terms of cash flow for fiscal '14, I mean, the first thought is I would expect over a longer run that cash flow would track operating profit growth. In fiscal '14, as we discussed back in January, we'll have some pretty sizable severance charges of the order $220 million to $250 million on severance coming up. And so I would expect cash flow to be down year-over-year in fiscal '14 as a result.
James A. Beer: No, I wouldn't say so. I'd just reemphasize the focus on the yen and the way that, that has weakened quite significantly in the last few months, in particular at our normal sequential variance of revenue from the March quarter to the June quarter.
James A. Beer: Yes, when you look at our performance of recent times, I'd say about 1.5 points of growth are coming from the new emerging products and services such as mobile.
James A. Beer: Yes, what we'll be doing is, in essence, reducing what you would've previously seen in the back half of the year and increasing commensurately in the front half of the year. Now what we will do as we publish our results is go back in time, and so you'll have true apples-to-apples history given this new methodology.
James A. Beer: Well, I think the capabilities that our appliances offer our customers are quite well differentiated our ability to duplicate the reams of data -- deduplicate it, excuse me, effectively for them, closer to the source of the information being created has worked to be very popular with customers. And beyond that, I'm encouraged by the pipeline of development that we have around our appliances generally. So I think we'll have more to offer our customers in the coming months and quarters.
James A. Beer: Yes, the headcount drivers, Keith, specifically, more than half of it was tech support as we've discussed in previous calls that we've really been looking to focus on improving the customer experience there, and we're pleased by the progress we're making. The rest of the headcount additions were in areas of the business where we're growing very nicely, so areas like appliances. And of course, as our service businesses grow, we have to add the heads for the people who are delivering on those services.
James A. Beer: No, I wouldn't point to anything of a strategic nature here. The metric that you're referring to is a dollar-based metric, and it just so happened that a year ago, all of the top deals included both security and storage and this year, most of them were one or the other. It's just the way the deals tended to fall. I think it's important to really focus on our organic growth rate. We got it up to 3%, best in 5 years.
James A. Beer: Yes, for the current quarter, we really aren't changing the traditional structure of compensation and so forth for the sales team. That all really kicks in later in the year. So I wouldn't point to any change we've made in how we think about revenue guidance related to change in comp structures. It's really just driven...
James A. Beer: Well, similarly, we wouldn't be seeing those issues impact the sales force during Q1. So the revenue for Q1, very much driven by the yen factor that I noted and just the normal sequential move from a March quarter to a June quarter.
James A. Beer: In terms of the move to more capacity-based pricing around NetBackup, I wouldn't expect that to have a noticeable effect on our revenue trend line. While there would be some moving towards a more ratable approach as a result, the flip side of that is as we continue to grow the appliances business, then there's more of that revenue recognized upfront. So net-net, I wouldn't see an awful lot of variation in the overall revenue growth rate.
James A. Beer: Well, in the first part of that question, the product cycle, I wouldn't say that, that had very much to do with our results at all. We -- in fact, as we've discussed in previous calls, Backup Exec has been something of a challenge, and we continue to work through and improve upon our offerings in the Windows market there. So if anything, I think there's more opportunity ahead of us in that regard, both around the Backup Exec line as well as the NetBackup appliances. Two, gross margin, because I think that appliances will continue to grow and our service subscription type offerings will continue to grow, I would expect there would be continued pressure on gross margin to some extent as we saw in this past year, for example. But that's why we're really focusing on making commitments around operating margin improvements, hence the recommitment to the 200 basis point improvement in '14 over '13 even though we delivered more in operating margin in '13 than we were expecting to back when we did our strategy announcement in January.
James A. Beer: And in terms of Backup Exec, we're still experiencing challenges there impacting Backup Exec's revenue double-digits. Now I would expect that, that will improve gradually. I think the most material opportunity for us to improve with Backup Exec is around the next release that we're very much working on but won't be out for some time yet later in this fiscal year.
James A. Beer: Well, I was pleased with execution across the organization, certainly, our primary verticals, financial services, telcos, health care, so forth. I'd put the federal sector on the weaker end of the spectrum, not surprisingly given the sequestration challenges. But net-net, you look at the America's revenue growth, it was actually our faster revenue geography.
James A. Beer: No, it's, in essence, flattening out the commission expense across the 4 quarters. That's more so how you should think of it. So at different points in time, there will be one accrual or another. But the net expense result is a flattening quarter by quarter.
James A. Beer: Well, financial services have been one of our key verticals for many years and the challenges that they're facing from a cyber-perspective are increasing just along the lines of what Steve was just saying. So we see significant opportunities for us to continue to broaden out the relationships that we have with really all of the key financial services companies in this country and indeed around the world.
James A. Beer: Well, in addition to DLP, I was really pleased with the double-digit growth that we're seeing out of areas like encryption, Managed Security Services. Our Trust Services business continues to grow very nicely for us. So as to the Endpoint Security business, that's closer to flat. And I think that represents the maturity of that portion of the business. Now that said, it's still a very important part of a corporate environment, and we see opportunities to really leverage our skills, our capabilities of the endpoint as we enter into other partnerships with different players around the industry, and we'll have more to talk to you about that in the coming weeks and months.
Stephen M. Bennett: Walter, I think the big thing is that virtually everybody's changing roles because we're moving from full line of salespeople that were all generalists, selling all of our products and services, to having people that are specialists in Information Management or information security which has been very well received from our customers and from our partners as people have been asking us to be more specialized for a while. So that our core salespeople, it's a big change. And so -- but I would tell you, in my discussions with them, they're very fired up about the changes at Symantec and the new offerings that are coming and the progress we're making. So we have a talented and energized sales force that's going through some degree of change, and we think we're thoughtful about the impact that could have on revenue. But my view is that with all the good things happening, I think we'll get through this without too many significant bumps, at least that's what I'm hoping.
Stephen M. Bennett: But I think it's important, Ken, to say that OEM deals and PC slowdown is having less and less impact on our new -- it's a decreasing part of our new customer acquisition as we build up our direct e-commerce capability to acquire customers direct. So it used to be like that was the majority, and now it's way, way less than 50% and going down. So while the PC softness puts some pressure on us, I don't think that's going to have as much impact as people might be thinking.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, I think, Brad, that we've changed over 50% of the senior leaders on the team already. So -- and we did that in the January announcement. So I would say that's a pretty significant move, and the 30% to 40% number that we talked about was in the total company. So -- and we said that will be completed in July. So we expect that to be, what I call the final 2 waves of that, and we expect that to be completed in July. So I mean, that's kind of a tough time that we're in now and -- but we'll be through it in July. The other point you bring up is, obviously, for us to redeploy a bunch of resources to fund these integrated new offerings that we talked about and these new partnerships, that money is coming from somewhere. So over time, we are spending, as we said, more money on R&D to solve our customers' most important growth and -- or most important problems so we can accelerate organic growth. So I think what you have us doing is taking money and reinvesting it. We're giving some to shareholders, and I think 200 basis points again this year on top of the performance in the fourth quarter is a pretty significant commitment. At the same time, we're investing in the things that give us confidence that we're going to grow more than 5% organically over the '15 through '17 periods. So I think we're balancing both sides of giving margin and investing in things that are going to drive long-term growth. I mean, we could give you more margin in the short term if we didn't want to invest in driving long-term growth, but we think we're at the appropriate balance between returning excess cash and margin to shareholders and investing in things that we think are going to create more longer-term value for our investors.
Stephen M. Bennett: So Brent, I think I'm giving you mixed message here, apples and oranges. We said that we were going to be done with the management initiative only in July. I think the transition of our sales force will proceed in a thoughtful and measured way through the year. For instance, we haven't even decided yet when we're going to flip things over to the renewals team versus the field sales force today, and so we're going to phase that among different geographies in the world. So I think the whole year, we should be thinking about a smooth transition, but our strategy on this was to tell you what was coming, tell our employees what was coming and make them part of the process as opposed to announce it on Friday and change everything on a Monday. So I think we're going to be able to because there's no surprise here, hopefully manage the transition more smoothly than some have but at the same time, it is a big transition. So I would think about -- we're not shooting for a deadline here. We're talking about trying to get it right, which is why we thought despite the recent positive momentum, that it made sense to be 0 to 2% revenue guidance for next year, which is the same thing we told you in January.
Stephen M. Bennett: So let me just give you a little, Keith, a little bit of philosophy and I'll turn it over to James. Look, I think that this is kind of an interesting number because we have thousands of temporary workers and contract employees that you never have any visibility into that I do. So at the end of the day, as you're trying to figure out how to model all these stuff, you're never going to have the data to model it that you'd like to have. And so one of the things we did is we invested in some areas that, like I said in December, to add resources to fix -- in the technical support area. Now we didn't add 1,000 employees. So -- but I think the material point from my point of view, and then I'll turn it over to James to give you something more thoughtful, is we're committed to 200 basis points of margin improvement for next year and people-related costs are 70% of our costs. And so we can't get there without managing our investment in resources, but it's not just the headcount numbers you see. It's temporary employees and contract employees, and there's all sorts of games that companies can play to keep employees off the books. We're just cleaning out all of that, and we're going to deliver 200% -- 200 basis points of margin improvement. And so there's a lot of moving parts here, and that's what we're focused on managing.
Stephen M. Bennett: I would just say that as you look at these new integrated offerings that we're talking about, a bunch of them, including some of the partnerships we're talking about, include leverage what we used to call the storage management business. So again, I just don't even think about it as a business, and I don't think you'll see us reporting revenue, James, as we go forward on the storage management business. So to me, this is technology that can solve important problems when we redeploy it and think differently about it, and we got into trouble as a company thinking about it as a standalone business. And so I think the sooner we move to how fast is -- how we're using this to help us grow and solve new customer problems, I think the faster we'll be through the transformation from 3.0 to 4.0.
Stephen M. Bennett: Kash, I think it's a good question. It's a question I asked when I came in, and I toured around the world and everybody told me the same thing is that we've competed on a series of 150 different point solutions and what we've reoriented the whole company around is leveraging all our technology to solve our customers' most important problems. So what we said is, which is really important on this front, is we're going to double down on some great point solutions we have that are leaders like NetBackup that continues to perform well. We're going to solve higher-order customer problems with these new integrated offerings that we announced in January that we think changes the basis of competition from point solutions where we have to compete with all of the individual point solutions to integrated offerings where it's hard for our competitors to compete. And third, we're going to talk -- we talked about some new partnerships where we integrate what we do with what third parties do, like network security providers, to do a better job for support and [ph] customers. And so I think by definition, our whole strategy is based around changing the game to solve important customer problems. And the feedback we've gotten from basically universally from everybody you talk to, this strategy makes sense, can you execute, and that's what we're focused on doing. And from what I've seen versus the competitors that we're playing against, if we can execute against these new integrated offerings and these partnerships, I think we will deliver a lot of value for our customers that are some of our or most of our competitors would have a hard time matching.
Stephen M. Bennett: So on the first question, Greg, on renewals, I think that if -- again, the amount of new business we get new customers from Norton has declined dramatically from the OEM channel. It's still important but not nearly as important as it was. So if we chose not to renew a large deal when it came due, we would have a short-term blip that we would have to try and offset to other things like taking Norton to small business. But while we might have a short-term revenue, we'd be materially accretive to the bottom line. And so if that's the way it came down, we'd have a little short-term revenue blip and a significant positive on EPS.
Stephen M. Bennett: And just one thought to add to James' point, look, I think it's the same team that runs both of these businesses, and we've made a lot of changes in the team that stubbed its toe in the release on Backup Exec. So it's been wholesale change, and I think it's the same team that's doing such a great job on NetBackup. So I think we're going to see real progress, but we did dig ourselves a hole and I agree with James, there's headwind there that we're actually digging our way out of in a market that's strong and growing. So I think this is a big opportunity for us. This was our execution that caused us the problem, nothing else, as witnessed by the real strength we've had on NetBackup where we didn't stub our toe.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, no, I think the simple answer to your question is I think all companies are under spending pressure, but security and information management still have a unusually high focus and are standouts in terms of growth and market growth even in a difficult IT spending environment. All of the data we show for the next few years says that that's not going to change. And so we still feel quite good about the market growth opportunities, both in security and information backup or information management. And if anything, there's just more pressure. I mean, on both security and -- the amount of information continues to explode, and the security threat environment continues to become more challenging. So I see that there's a lot of forces pushing this market to grow that don't seem to look like they're going to abate in the near future.
Stephen M. Bennett: Just to build on James' point, I was at a recent conference where one of the CEOs from one of the large financial institution said that they were taking up their spend on security 33% next year, and it's a big number. So I think that they are under such a serious threat environment in such a targeted vertical that they will have to continue to spend money now to protect the customer data and the assets.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. I think in some cases, what you're finding because of all of the interest that you're reading about in the print that the market is growing faster in Asia than some other parts of the world because the threat landscape is tenuous in Asia or very challenging there, as it is in the Middle East and many other parts of the world. I think this is a global need because the attackers can play globally from wherever they are locally. This is a complete boundary-less playing field, and they're just going after multiple targets and there's lots of people who have vulnerabilities and so it's a target-rich environment for the bad guys.
Stephen M. Bennett: No. I think it's going to continue to -- look, my view is customers are increasingly preferring to buy their Software as a Service or through an appliance because it's easier as opposed to a license. So I think that we have to be focused on making it easy to buy -- for customers to buy all of our products and services in the manner they want to consume them, and I see appliances as being, in many ways, even faster growing than SaaS because it's a better way -- it's an easier way for customers to buy integrated solutions where we integrate the hardware and the software to make it easier for them to install and run. And so I -- and we have new appliances coming in the pipeline that we're quite excited about that James talked about. So we think that we have a great opportunity to continue to gain share in this big market where we've made a lot of progress in the last year, and we have new stuff coming that we're excited about.
Stephen M. Bennett: Look, thanks for attending today. We feel great about the year we had in FY '13. We feel good about '14 with a lot of changes that we know are going to help us prepare -- lay the foundation to deliver much better performance in FY '15 through '17. So in this transition year, we're going to focus hard on executing and making the right decisions to build this foundation up so that we can be solid to accelerate things in the future. So it's a big -- it's a transition year, and you see that reflected in our thinking and hopefully in our words, but we're more excited than ever about our ability to deliver real value for our customers and continue the transformation. So thanks for your support, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
