Enrique T. Salem: Yes, brad, thanks for the comments on the quarter. We're obviously pleased with our ability to consistently deliver against our guidance. What I was going to comment on was as you look at the PC business, the Consumer team just continues to deliver the best products on the market. I mean, it's evident from their ability to consistently win awards that people love what we're doing as far as the overall solution. And so what that's doing is it's allowing us to do a much better job of not only bringing in new customers over a range of channels, but it's also allowing us to get -- improving our renewal rates. A lot of that's being driven by the work we've done around the eStore where we can be much more effective at targeting the renewal with the appropriate offers, the appropriate price points and so forth. The other thing that's going on, and you heard in James' comments, that we did see good -- better shipments of OEM units into the call -- into the back-to-school/holiday season or the beginnings of the holiday season. And so my expectation is that while we'll continue to see pressure on the overall PC business given people diversifying to other nontraditional devices, we expect that this will be fairly common or as expected given the work that we've done. The other thing I did say in my comments was Janice's team has done a really good job of extending the number of new products that we're shipping on non-PC platforms: our Norton One initiative, some of the work we've done with Norton Everywhere and then some of the new mobile solutions. So we're getting nice distribution beyond our traditional PC products. You specifically asked how much of our revenue came from the non-PC products. And that is approximately 2% at this point of the total business that we're generating in Consumer.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, I'll give you a couple of thoughts. We grew 11%, as reported, 2% on constant currency basis. And what we saw was Central Europe continued to perform well, and we did see a little bit of weakness in the Mediterranean countries in the September quarter.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, yes. So as far as the U.K., we performed as expected. It was probably a little better than it's been. We had seen about 1 year ago a little bit of weakness in the public sector in the U.K. but definitely seemed a little more stable with a bit of improvement.
Enrique T. Salem: At this point, we're -- the -- because the eCommerce platform has been in our business now for several years, we're not breaking out any other deltas for year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter. But clearly, it is making a difference because more of our business is coming from the eStore, I mean, where over 80% of our business now comes through electronically. And so a big driver of the improvements in a lot of the work that we do is in that much better targeting. So ultimately, it is a absolute benefit to the business.
Enrique T. Salem: You're right that, that business has continued to improve. I think our team there is doing an outstanding job. And what's happening, John, is that we've been able to diversify away from the UNIX platform where, as you remember, a lot of the business was on UNIX. Now we're seeing a lot more business coming through on Linux, Windows and HP-UX. As far as the other things that we're doing in that business that I think are meaningful are the work that we've done to help optimize VMware environments with technologies like ApplicationHA or AppHA. And so I do see good momentum and improvements there. As far as the growth rate, I'm going to stick with what we've said at analyst day, which is this is a business that will be relatively flat for us. Obviously, we're going to work hard to outperform that. And there's a lot of good signs in the business because, as I commented on the last several calls, we're seeing people who want to simplify their environments, and that means not having lots of point products and lots of point tools spread out across multiple data centers. And that's where we're really seeing some kind of return back to using the products from our SAMG business. So, so far, I'm pleased with the performance. It's -- team's doing an outstanding job, and I expect that to continue.
Enrique T. Salem: The other quick comment I'd kind of give you is we're very pleased with the launch of SEP 12. I mean, the feedback has been outstanding. I mean, 1.3 million end points have already been upgraded. The efficacy of the solution is proving to be just incredibly strong, and many of our customers are saying it was easy to deploy and they absolutely are seeing improvements in detection rates. So as you know, 75% of attacks now are hitting less than 50 machines. And so this new technology is really allowing customers to better protect their environments. And the feedback from both customers and partners has been better than I expected. And I think that also showed some improvements in the Security and Compliance segment.
Enrique T. Salem: I think as we look forward, we're comfortable with where we set kind of 3-year growth rates at the 7% to 8% levels. And what really is driving that and will drive that is kind of 2 big thrusts. One is continuing to improve our core businesses. How do we continue to drive improvements in security with the great launch of products like SEP 12? But then also, the work we're doing with appliances around the backup business. So it's really about strengthening the core business. And then, it's executing against our vision and taking advantage of the opportunities around cloud computing, virtualization and mobility. I mean, some of the new technologies that we're showing both at our Vision conference in Europe that we just held the beginning of the quarter -- beginning of this quarter where we showed people you can take a lot of that current infrastructure you have and re-tool it using our products to be more efficient, better utilized and create your own internal private cloud without having to procure lots of new equipment and software. And so we're seeing people -- especially in this what I'll say is folks trying to do a lot more with less, some of the solutions we're shipping or will be shipping with the 6.0 release will really help people do that. At this point, the combination of strengthening our core and taking advantage of some of these big trends that we've been talking about over the last several calls I think will enable us to achieve the growth rates. Now, obviously, we do expect that, that requires IT spending to continue at what I would say normal levels, and that's what'll make it possible.
Enrique T. Salem: I think as we -- I think you're right that we are at the tail end of the integration or the Sun-Oracle OEM contract. We're continuing to see that business stabilize. As we showed last quarter and this quarter, some of the other platforms beyond Sun Solaris are doing well for us. And I think the important point is that's stabilizing the overall segment. But then we're also seeing improvements in the backup business. We launched a new set of appliances that are doing very well for us. We're seeing a lot of demand for our approach of taking what used to be multiple point products, potentially some from us and some from others, and integrating it into one device where now you've got the backup software, the deduplication software and the media server all integrated into one appliance. And so that's also helping that business. We're coming up on a new product cycle with the backup products at the first half of next year. And so my expectation is that our backup business will continue to be the driver of growth in that overall segment.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, it's definitely -- as we look at it, that -- it's a major release, and it integrates a number of new capabilities, most specifically the reputation-based technology that really is doing an outstanding job of detecting a lot of these very targeted threats. And also, because we worked very hard on the ease of deployment, and some of the early results are showing that where we have had previously a little bit of weakness in the SMB segment, I think this will be part of the improvement plan of tailoring products to serve that market segment well. So my expectation is that we'll continue to see improvements in the Security and Compliance segment where previously, the Endpoint Security business had been a bit of a drag on the overall business. The other thing that's important is we continue to see, post-Intel acquisition of McAfee, some disruption in their business and go-to-market. And that's helping us across the various segments now, and we expect that to continue.
Enrique T. Salem: It was a -- Kash, it was a record quarter for us in the public sector. I think the team executed very well, and the Clearwell acquisition performed well against our expectations and some of the larger deals came out of the public sector. Obviously, people are trying to figure out what happened to the federal budget. As you know, we're in this kind of wait and see what budget gets allocated in the new fiscal year. But as I kind of look and talk to a lot of folks, senior folks in government, the federal budget will be anywhere from $76 billion to $80 billion. And cyber security has become a big priority for governments around the world, and so my expectation is that we'll continue to see demand for a number of our security products. But I still expect it to be a very significant budget. I haven't seen dramatic changes in that area, and we'll wait and see what happens with the budget. But at this point, I do believe that we'll continue to do well. And the question is now what ultimately happens with the focus on cyber security and some of the other priority areas.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes, if you look at what we've done with the eStore, it's pretty clear that our ability to really have a good understanding of what products they're using, what browsers, what price points they paid previously, is really enabling us to be much were effective at converting and getting more value per transaction of people coming to our online stores. So I would say that ultimately, we're getting benefits in 2 areas: better pricing or increases in pricing, and also better conversion rates.
Enrique T. Salem: Well, thanks for asking the question because it's pretty clear that our sales force execution has continued to improve consistently over the last 18 months. I think it's a credit to Bill Robins and his team and the work they've done to institute a much more disciplined sales process. What I would comment is, I think there's continued room for improvement. I think we can continue to drive efficiency. I think we can continue to be even better at cross-selling the whole portfolio. We're giving you a metric right now that talks about our ability to cross-sell and what's happening with the larger deals. 43% of the deals above $1 million contained products from both segments. I think that's just our sales team is much more focused and disciplined in how they look at the Symantec portfolio and how that matches to the things our customers are trying to do. So I expect there will be continued improvements in sales force effectiveness and productivity.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. So a number of things that we're doing is we're looking at what are all the capabilities that we need to deliver into the SMB space. Specifically, we've added 2 things, which are the new Backup Exec Appliance. It's early. Well, this was the first quarter at our partner event a couple of weeks ago. We showcased it, and there was genuine enthusiasm about our ability to deliver the Backup Exec Appliance, which will be targeted at the -- our mid-market/smaller-sized companies. I think the other thing that we're doing is clearly the Backup Exec.cloud or our cloud-based backup capabilities that will also allow us to better serve the SMB segment with the cloud-based offering. So my sense is the combination of Backup Exec.cloud and the new appliance are definitely going to help us there. And clearly, we're going to continue to work towards bundling both the security products with the backup products because IT buyers or smaller businesses, they want simpler. They want it easier. They don't want a lot of point products. And so ultimately, our ability to bring together the products from both our security and backup business will fit well with that segment.
Enrique T. Salem: Yes. Well, the Net Promoter Scores for the new version of SEP, of SEP, have done very well both in the enterprise and SMB markets. The initial data is showing multiple points of improvement, and that really is a tribute to the great work the team has done. I am very encouraged by the partner feedback, and I'm sure you're starting to hear the same thing, that people believe this is just an outstanding product. And my expectation is that it will bring partners back in because what partners are trying to do is they're trying to optimize their time. And if they can -- if it's easier to deploy and they don't have to go back and potentially have to clean up when some of these machines gets infected, that really is something that allows them to be more productive, more efficient and then generate more profit for the partner. As far as from a go-to-market perspective in the partner segment, we've done a number of different things. We continue to be very focused on specialization where we're trying to make sure that partners have the necessary certifications to make each implementation successful. And that's why you are seeing the improvements in the Net Promoter Score, because our partners are becoming back that much more effective at implementing the new products. And so we're very confident that the new products, combined with some of the work we've done in the new channel, will drive improvements in the small business segment.
Enrique T. Salem: Well, absolutely. The big difference is you now have got a much larger sales force around the world that is able to take the user authentication products to market. But the other more important thing is that we're able to combine it with a much richer portfolio, because we're able to bring in the extensions around encryption, the extensions around malware and improved management platform. And so ultimately, the combination of product breadth and a larger go-to-market or sales force capability is definitely driving improvement. Also, there have been some attention as a result of some of the issues that one of our major competitors faced with an attack. And so my sense is that, that combination is definitely having a positive impact on our user authentication business.
Enrique T. Salem: Well, we're continuing to work on improving the overall product portfolio in that business across both the storage and security areas. And from a go-to-market perspective, kind of the next frontier for the joint venture is really getting traction in the U.S. The other part of that, as you know, we're in discussions around what's the best outcome for the joint venture. And so we're continuing down that path, working with Huawei to determine: is it something that we continue to manage jointly and drive towards an IPO? Or is there a potential different outcome? And so we're probably in the late innings of really having a determination. And I would hope that by the next call, the next earnings call, we'll have an opportunity to give you a more detailed update on where we are with that.
Enrique T. Salem: Well, I think everybody is looking at Windows 8 and what are the things Microsoft's trying to do. Obviously, their priority is really around thinking out how they stay relevant in a what I'll call the move to next-generation or other non-PC devices. And that's really the priority. Everything we've seen, that's the focus. Now clearly, Microsoft, like all the vendors, is always trying to think about how they make sure that their platform is secure. And the OEMs, as you say, a part of the profits that they make is the aftermarket products that they sell, security being one of them. And so they're working closely with us and with Microsoft to make sure that we still can deliver, sell security products on their traditional PC platforms. Obviously, it's still early, Rob. There's -- they've shown some of the things that they're going to do. But we expect to see some continuing changes in the approach and what they're going to do with Defender and other things. So we're all working together. We've got folks in Redmond as we speak talking about how our security continues to add a lot of value beyond anything that's being done in the operating system.
Enrique T. Salem: Well, clearly, the ASPs, there's more price sensitivity. And we've always used a number of approaches to emerging markets from some of the things we've done with our PC Tools brand to the work we're doing around some of the premium offerings where we can deliver a capability and then do some upselling. But clearly, there's more price sensitivity in the emerging markets, and we take that into account with the mix of products and price points.
Enrique T. Salem: So I'll give you -- the headline number is approximately 15 million, 1 5, 15 million people using our online backup capabilities. And what we continue to see is that business is driving good growth rates on top of a small base. We haven't broken out the specific online backup numbers, but when we talked about the 4% of the business coming from the nontraditional products is that one of the biggest drivers there, Brian, is the online backup business. But clearly, service is another thing. They're also contributing there. But ultimately, we are encouraged by the capabilities and the adoption of the online backup feature.
Enrique T. Salem: Thank you, operator. I'm pleased with the team's execution and solid results for the fifth consecutive quarter. We'll be focused on executing our key priorities for the remainder of the year. Thank you very much for joining us this afternoon, and I look forward to speaking with you again soon.
James Beer: Yes, oh, the nontraditional businesses. That equates to about 4% or so of the overall consumer revenue.
James Beer: Well, you're right that at analyst day, we talked about 26.3%, and then the 0.2-point adjustment for Clearwell, bringing us down to 26.1%. So that's the discussion that we've had on operating margins. And we're continuing to go quarter-by-quarter to meet that goal.
James Beer: Well, for the Security and Compliance business, if you adjust for acquisitions and also in a constant-currency basis, that business unit grew at 5% year-over-year. And so, I mean, that's reflecting the progress that we're making in Endpoint Security. We're very pleased with how the SEP 12 release has come out of the gates, continued growth around Data Loss Prevention and Software-as-a-Service.
James Beer: Well, in terms of the organic constant currency growth rates, our revenue had been growing in the 3% to 4% type range. So that's a little bit faster than we have seen in the last 3 or 4 quarters. So a bit of a sequential improvement.
James Beer: So the buyback did accelerate during the September quarter, and that very much reflected our approach of trying to buy a little more back when we see particular dislocations in the marketplace as we did in August.
James Beer: Well, what I was referring to in my text was that our OEM fees actually came in higher during the September quarter than we were expecting would be the case 90 days prior, very much driven by the fact that the OEM partners shipped more PCs than, I think, everyone was expecting. So that effect added about half $0.005 worth of costs to the operating expense base. And the other point I was making in the text was that we would expect to see sequential increases between the September quarter and the December quarter in the total amount of OEM fees that we pay. So that would likely add something in the $0.01, $0.015 type realm. We'll see how we go with the OEM PC shipment volumes this quarter.
James Beer: Clearwell, gosh that would have driven of the order of about $10 million to $15 million worth of additional deferred revenue, something of that nature.
James Beer: Well, the VeriSign business that we've seen growing in this past quarter at so mid to high single digits, so we're pleased with how the value-added items that Enrique was talking about on an earlier question, things like the additional malware scanning capabilities, the much enhanced management platform that we have integrated into the VeriSign SSL certificate sales, are getting traction in the marketplace.
