Stephen M. Bennett: Thank you, Helyn, and good afternoon, everyone. When a company announces an unplanned CEO change, you never know what to expect because of all the uncertainty that's created. Thanks to the focus and dedication of all Symantec employees, I'm pleased to report that the team stepped up during this transition. While working on our plan to change and improve the company for our customers, employees, partners and shareholders, we executed well in the second quarter, delivering better-than-expected financial results. While the team focused on delivering in the current quarter, we are also working on creating value over a longer term time horizon. Starting with a clean sheet of paper, the team is hard at work developing a strategy and operational plan that will help us deliver even more value for our customers and partners. So we win in the market and improve our financial performance. Our goal is to deliver a strategy and plan that will consistently deliver greater than 5% organic growth and 30% operating margins within the next 2 to 3 years. At this point, we believe we will reach sustained greater than 30% operating margins faster than 5% sustained organic growth. This plan will be one that both the leadership team and the board believe we can deliver against in the short and long term. In the meantime, we are also -- we also continue to evaluate all of our strategic alternatives to create shareholder value and believe we are on track to share our new strategic direction and operational plan in late January of 2013. We are moving to quickly change so we can continue to improve our performance on a global basis. With more than 50% of our revenue coming from outside the U.S., we can no longer operate like a U.S.-based company with global distribution. As you can see from our recent history, our growth rates are higher outside the U.S. Our head of worldwide sales will be leaving the company. To better position us to win globally, we've decided to elevate the geo leadership roles and have them report directly to me. This move expands the scope of our regional leaders, making them ambassadors and general managers of their geographies. While their primary focus will be sales in their geographies, they will also play an expanded Symantec leadership role. We believe this will allow us to accelerate our pace of change and make better and faster decisions so we perform at a higher level on both a global and local basis. I'd like to spend a moment on our guidance for the December quarter. We're pleased that revenue and deferred revenue continue to grow year-over-year and sequentially, especially in this uncertain global economic environment. However, operating margin is lower in the December quarter than either the September or year ago December quarters. This may seem counter to what I told you in September, that we would self-fund investments without reducing operating margin. And that's still my commitment. After our January announcement, we will self-fund this and future investments without reducing operating margin. But we need to make these investments now and not wait until after the January announcement to set the foundation for longer term organic growth. The investments will be allocated to areas like technical support, so we better serve our customers and partners. This is the right thing to do to create long term shareholder value, no matter where we come out on our strategy and operational plan announcement in late January. Over the past 90 days, I met with front-line employees, customers and partners, industry experts and shareholders all around the world. Our customer is saying what you probably already know. They want us and need us to become better and to win, but think we're getting in our own way. We must become more customer and partner solutions focused rather than product-specific. We must move faster to solve their future versus their past problems. And we must become easier to do business with and less fragmented as a company to become a better and stronger partner. I've been positively surprised by the amount of unmet and underserved needs customers have in this challenging and fast-moving security and information management market. And while I still have a lot to learn, I can say with confidence that there are plenty of big opportunities for Symantec. To take advantage of these opportunities, we need to think and act differently, both strategically and operationally in ways that leverage all of our significant assets to better solve our customers' most important problems. And that's what the January announcement will be all about. With that, I'll turn the call over to James for a detailed review of our quarterly results.
Stephen M. Bennett: Brent, I think that -- this is Steve. I think I basically had very little to do with the performance of the organization in this last quarter. I give the credit just to the volume, the profitability that came from the volume leverage that came in very stronger than frankly we expected. I think that the big area of opportunity, and we'll talk more about this in January, is we have an inordinate amount of complexity in this company. Complexity and redundancy as we've basically grown through acquisition that we didn't integrate and assimilate and has made us unwieldy in terms of complexity, as I've said, and extra costs. And we're not leveraging our size and scale. So I think we'll talk about that more in January, and I want to answer the second question too, because I made the decision that we needed to invest more money to put out -- to deal with some legitimate and real customer issues and challenges we have supporting our customers. We have been reducing costs in areas that were hurting our position with customers, and I decided to turn that around. And no matter where we come out in January, these are strategy-independent decisions to do a better job of serving our existing customers and start earning some of the goodwill back that we've been eroding over the last period of time. And so I will more than fund for this investment after -- as a result of things we're going to announce in January. So that was my decision to stem the bleeding, frankly, in terms of how we were delivering. A big part of it is technical support because we can't grow if we don't have -- if we don't do a better job supporting our existing customers with our existing products. And so that's what the big investment is, and it's the right thing for our company to do.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think I'll tell you more about this, but I think the thing I would share at this point is -- I'm building on your thoughtful comment is that -- we have some of our best IP in the company and most talented resources in this heavily engineered product that we clearly have to diversify or focus resources on solving different customer problems, that in the long term, if we just played business as usual and defined the product as it was, it would be a declining asset. And unfortunately, we've been actually managing it, in my opinion, as a declining asset. So we're thinking now about what would happen if we managed it is an asset that could really help solve important customer problems and focused on it as resources to help us drive accelerated growth, solving new customer problems. Now while I say that, I mean, we've been selling SAMG with a generalist sales force which, I think, may not be the accurate go-to-market strategy given that this is a million-dollar-plus architecture-driven decision. So I think we could execute a lot better, and why I say that, we're still looking at all of the strategic options. But we've never played, in the last few years, our A game in this business using this as, as not necessarily a product, but as a set of assets that we could deploy to solve important customer problems and grow faster. So we're going to compare that strategy against the strategy of inorganic options and see how that fits. So hopefully, that sheds some light on my latest thinking which is in line with your question.
Stephen M. Bennett: Walter, I think the -- number one, I still have a lot more to learn. But I think we're still considering all of our alternatives. But I want to conserve -- compare our A game in playing and what would he do to maximize the value of these technologies as opposed to harvest this business. And so I think that's the process we're going through in our strategic review and then we'll share more in January in terms of where we come out. But we're right in the middle of the process. James has some thoughts he wanted to add too.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the primary one is making investments and better serving our customers and partners. And then there's some -- as James talked about, a few cents a share and year-over-year compares where we have tougher compares. And so the investments, I think, are significant enough to mention and the right thing to do. But I wouldn't focus too much on the investment versus the year-over-year compare. And as I said, the big message on this is, we're going to self-fund this investment and future organic investments without any compression in margin.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, number one, I think Janice and the team have done a really nice job. I mean, when I came or as a board member I heard and read all the things about, this iceberg is going to melt and for 16-plus quarters in a row, the iceberg has actually been growing. So I think that's a tribute to Janice and her team and how well that team has performed against all these headwinds, even in a shrinking PC market as the world has gone to -- more and more to tablets. So a tribute to her. At the same time, I think our company has put constraints on Janice and her team solving for a margin percent that has hindered our ability to invest in and grow and solve new and exciting customer problems. I think we started to change that philosophy, and I think Janice and her team now are thinking about new customer problems we could solve to grow the iceberg even bigger and faster. I would tell you, and I've talked to Janice about it, I think we spent too much money in our legacy business and not enough money on new things. So I think we expect the iceberg to continue to grow from investing in new things, and I think if we do this right, and I believe we will, we'll self-fund that. And over the long period, I think margins will go up in Consumer too.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the simple -- this is Steve. I think the simple answer is, my management team and I know we're going through a transition period until we announce a new strategy and operational plan targeted on 5% sustained organic growth and 30% margins. Our company is too complex. We have lots of opportunity for streamlining. And I think the discussion we've had, number one, is we've had no risks [ph] , and there's been no reductions in force of any size to make these numbers. What we're doing is we're being prudent about what we're investing in, in anticipation of the January announcement. And I think this has just been kind of a smart way to approach the transition between the time I started and what we announced in January. So there's been no master plan other than be thoughtful about the decisions we make every day.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the news -- there's a couple of other things that are related to that, but I don't think they're material to investors at this point of time. And I think the thing I would say is, I'm quite excited now to take a layer out, have the geo leaders work directly for me so we can move to more quickly to be a more global company versus a U.S. company that ships stuff around the world with global distribution. And I also think, with the geo leaders and a couple sales leaders in the U.S. working directly for me, we'll be able to drive change much faster and help us improve our execution and do a better job for our customers. So I think this is really about those 2 things. So I'm excited to see how the new team steps up and delivers, and I think they've got a great opportunity.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think our quality of earnings is very consistent and high-quality. So we should -- over a longer period, an annual basis, we should see pretty strong alignment.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, I think it's a really good question that I'll answer in January. I think that we are in the process, as we've talked about, of looking at our -- relooking at our entire product and market strategy, as well as our go-to-market strategy. And I think you should expect a reasonable good degree of change in the January announcement from what we've traditionally done. I think this announcement that was made today is a strategy-independent announcement that is the right thing to do now, no matter what the strategy is. And so stay tuned for more. And I think this change today will help us move faster in the direction that we want to go when we declare that direction in January. So stay tuned for more details on what's coming because this really is the news today. But there's more news coming in January.
Stephen M. Bennett: John, this is Steve. I guess I'd be less sanguine on this than James. I actually don't think we've been performing as well in the Americas as we have in other parts of the world, and I'm expecting that the team will be more focused and execute better going forward. I hope that's right, but we'll see. And as I said, I think as we move toward January, we'll have more news, and I think things that will help make sure that we're growing the Americas in a way that's consistent with the rest of the world. We can do better in the Americas, and we're working on learning what the root cause of this underperformance on a relative basis is. And we'll deal with it as we go forward. But don't know the answers yet, but it's unacceptable performance to me.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the majority of our shortfall here relative to other parts of the world is an opportunity for us to be better.
Stephen M. Bennett: No. Yes, John, this is my decision. We have been reducing costs and reducing service levels by lack of investment in delivering good customer experience for too many of our customers, and that's unacceptable to me. And I need to put my money where my mouth is because the idea of driving sustained organic growth where you have situations where we're not supporting existing customers in a fashion that I'm comfortable with is unacceptable to me. And that's why I said, "Look, if you define margin expansion in a quarter, I'm guilty here potentially or flat, but I will fund this investment and everything else with the announcement that we make in January." And I just don't want to wait until January to make the investment to do right by our customers now.
Stephen M. Bennett: And let me just add to James' thoughtful comments, is that we've changed basically the whole team responsible for this product. So this is unacceptable performance to me, and we're digging out of a hole. We've got some of our best talent in this business now focused on turning this around as fast as we can. This is a business that's going to get back to growth. We're going as fast as we can. The better we do, the faster we'll move. But I'm actually very confident that this business will turn around based on the leadership and talent we've put to fix this problem.
Stephen M. Bennett: And I would add that I think this change in structure in having the geo leaders for the Enterprise businesses work directly for me is going to have more voice at the table now as we make decisions so that we will -- as I said, this is a big change in my view in a positive sense for both our customers that are not in North America and for our employees and for our channel partners. I think they will have more voice at the table to make sure we're integrating non-U.S. voices into our product roadmaps and our strategy. And so I would expect our growth outside the U.S. to accelerate because they've got a full seat at the table now, and that's one of the reasons why we delayered the organization and are now -- because so they can help us make sure we're doing the right thing for their geographies.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think it's too early for me to answer that question. I think that you'll learn more about our strategy for that in the January announcement. I think that would be a big change from what we performed in the last few years. And so I would say that my focus at this point, as I said at the Citi Conference in New York is, 5% sustained organic revenue growth. Depending on how you define the markets, that's probably still share loss. But in the next 2 to 3 years, if we can deliver a plan and execute against a plan to deliver 5% or more organic growth, that would be a big positive statement. But that wouldn't be ultimately my end goal. So I think let's stay tuned for the details on that. I mean, you ultimately will have to be the ones to decide whether we'll become a share gainer or not. My short-term metric defined is 2 to 3 years is 5% sustained organic growth.
Stephen M. Bennett: Operator, if there's no more questions, that's fine. We want to take any questions anybody has, but if there's no more questions, we can -- Helyn can wrap up.
Stephen M. Bennett: Look, I think, everybody, I said, I'd turn it over to Helyn, but let me just give you a few thoughts. It goes back to my script. I'm actually thrilled with how this team performed in this transition. It performed better than I thought. I think I am the one that made these hard decisions to sacrifice short-term profitability to invest in doing the right thing for the long term. I know that's the right thing for our company. I know it will yield benefits long term. And you got my commitment that I will fund that through the things I'm going to announce in January. So you understand based on my track record how sensitive I am to margin expansion and margin rate improvement, I just needed to make this decision now to keep our customer service at a level that I'll be proud of, as opposed to embarrassed about. And that's one of the advantages when you travel around the world and talk to your employees and customers. You don't grow if you're not delivering for customers, and we have not been doing as good a job as we needed to do, and that's why I'm spending more money here. Strategy independent, which I will fund through the January announcement. So that's my big message. I could have taken the short term and delivered more EPS. That would not have been the right thing to do to create long-term value. And so that's why we made the decision that we made. I think that's a decision that would not have been made in the past, but I know it's the right decision. So thanks for all your support, and I look forward to a much more robust decision or discussion in January after we announce both our new strategy and operating plan. Appreciate your support. Thank you.
James A. Beer: Well, on the NIS and 360 side, we increased renewal pricing about 10 months ago now and added $10 to that. So yes, we have seen some ASP lift as a result of that. We've also seen a nice continuing growth in the emerging Consumer businesses that we have, both the service live help and the backup type businesses as well as mobile. So we're pleased with the overall result from Consumer this quarter.
James A. Beer: So this quarter's result, I think it's illustrative of the traction that we're getting around our high-availability product sets in Linux environments, particularly in virtualized environments. And that's a theme that I would expect to continue to build over time.
James A. Beer: I think what you can expect from our cash flow growth over time is that it's going to line up approximately with operating profit growth. I think obviously, in any one quarter, you're going to have various ins and outs that are going to drive dislocations, if you will, on a year-over-year basis. But I think that the way to really model this is cash flow growth in line with operating profit growth.
James A. Beer: The first thing I'd point out is how our Consumer business growth is being in significant part driven by the new businesses around mobile, live services and backup. So the traditional linkage between PC shipments and Consumer business growth at Symantec has clearly broken down over the years. So that's how we have been able to sustain very consistent Consumer growth now over several years. So I think that's really important to focus on. That said, as I had in my prepared remarks, our products are absolutely ready for the Windows 8 environment. We feel as though Windows 8 is clearly going to run better, run safer with our software versus the Defender software. So we like where things stand.
James A. Beer: This is a quarter where obviously the federal government year-end falls. So there was relative versus other years, some softness there in the Federal business. But we'll continue to be competitive across the product set. I was really pleased with the NetBackup performance, for example, and the performance of the security business, overall. The information security businesses, in particular, showed very nice growth, and that was the case across the world. So yes, Americas, less growth overall, but we were pleased with the totality of the picture.
James A. Beer: So a couple of themes. First, where we're going to spend some money, where we feel as though -- in completely strategy-independent fashion, we need to deal with some issues that will allow us to do a better job with customers. So that's one item. And the second item really is a variety of nonoperating headwinds year-over-year: tax rate, foreign exchange, interest income -- interest expense, excuse me, so forth. So it's those 2 themes.
James A. Beer: And I should add that the second theme that I mentioned to you, the nonoperating, that's worth $0.03 year-over-year.
James A. Beer: Well, when you look at our 3 primary products for PC security, Norton 360 and Norton Internet Security are almost identical in size now. Norton 360 a little bit larger. But both of those businesses are more than 4x the size of Norton AntiVirus. So that gives you a feel for how we have successfully up-sold our customers, and we believe particularly armed with our eCommerce engine and the analytics that come with that, that we are well-positioned to continue that path.
James A. Beer: Yes, you're quite right. The Backup Exec is the driver of that license decline year-over-year. And we have continued to work on the products, put out multiple service packs since we were last speaking with each other 3 quarter -- 3 months ago. We do believe that these are self-inflicted wounds, if you will, and we acknowledge that, and we're working really hard to fix the situation. One of the other things that we're doing is very much reaching out to key customers and partners and bringing them into our design process to help us really get it right.
James A. Beer: Well, I think, I alluded in my remarks, so there's still much work to do. So I would not expect the Backup Exec license performance to turn around in the next quarter or 2. And I think we've got plenty of work to do, but we're very focused on this, it's a very important product in the portfolio.
James A. Beer: In terms of the $300,000 deal stat, I wouldn't read too much into a single data point. We continue to grow the number of the $1 million-plus deals in totality. And as you rightly point out, for those $1 million-plus deals that involve both security and storage, we're seeing nice growth in overall dollars. And so I think this is just a reflection of the continued relevance of our overall portfolio, and our efforts to continue cross-selling and up-selling. And we think that there is a lot of runway in front of us. A lot of opportunity to continue to do that, and that will be one of the things we'll be focusing on.
James A. Beer: Well, we've now reached the point where we've lapped that acquisition, so we won't be offering projections of revenue for coming quarters.
James A. Beer: Yes, in essence, organic. But I was pleased with that last quarter result. We had guided to $7 million to $8 million of revenue, you may recall, and we recorded $10 million. So we were pleased. It's illustrative of the momentum that we have in the Cloud archiving area.
James A. Beer: Well, geographically, just taking a look back at the Q2, I think EMEA really put out a very nice performance, and they did particularly well in the security arena. I would call that out. Within Europe, we had strong performance in the U.K., in Germany and in our emerging regions of the EMEA geography. So very good to see that growth rate, and we continue to think we've got a lot of opportunities in front of us there. And in Asia, where we again recorded a nice constant-currency high single-digit growth rate. So nothing I would particularly offer as to a forward-looking geo split, but we're confident that the international business is going to grow nicely in the coming quarters.
James A. Beer: Well, on the storage side, NetBackup is growing very nicely across the world, and that's in part because of the growth of our appliances business. Something I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And then on the security side of the business, the information security, growth businesses, things like DLP, Managed Security Services, authentication, they all had very nice performance. So that's a little bit of an overview as to how things are looking.
John S. DiFucci: My question is on the Americas. When you look at your regions, the Americas was the weakest region in regards to growth on a constant-currency basis. And it really doesn't look like it was a very difficult comp. Can you talk a little bit about that? Obviously, we have issues in other parts of the world. I mean, the macro economy isn't great anywhere, but it was just kind of surprising to see the Americas the weakest.
John S. DiFucci: Okay. Great. Steve, so that -- I don't want to -- I just want to make sure. So it sounds like you think it's more something that you have to fix internally versus -- because we cover a lot of other companies too, I guess I was wondering if we were going to start to see weakness, more weakness from the Americas, but it sounds like you think it's probably something internal right now.
John S. DiFucci: And if I might, just a quick follow-up for James on the guidance, the bottom line implies margin compression next quarter. And I apologize if I missed it, but what's the reason for that? I mean, you actually had some big outperformance this quarter, which is nice to see.
John S. DiFucci: So it sounds like it's probably the first one since you're building the business or making some corrections.
