Enrique Salem: Thank you, James. And now what I'd like to do is take a moment to discuss our focus areas for this coming fiscal year. Customers are challenged by increased complexity in risk. Data volumes are still growing at more than 50% a year, while the threat environment is becoming much more targeted. Customers want to expand the use of virtualization and understand how they can take advantage of software delivered as a service.  In addition, customers are dealing with the consumerization of IT and the implications of users bringing new devices into the organization. And they are managing too many point products and want to work with fewer vendors. During fiscal year 2011, we will build upon our 2010 accomplishments by helping our customers simplify how they manage and secure their information. Our goal is to enable customers to focus on running their businesses, instead of worrying about costly breaches and system failures that put their information at risk.  We plan to do this by building on the progress we made in the Security business by offering more solution suites, new encryption capabilities and improved centralized management. By extending our success in the Consumer Security business to protect critical information on devices beyond PCs; by helping customers adopt SaaS and appliance solutions in their environments; by driving innovation and technology advancements to more effectively back up and manage information; by enabling customers to reduce costs by commoditizing their hardware infrastructure; and by standardizing and automating more of our processes to simplify and improve the way customers and partners interact with Symantec.  Our customers live and work in an information economy, and protecting information is essential. No matter which devices or applications are being used. We continue to focus on delivering solutions that allow customers to trust that their information will be there when they need it. And trust that it's only available to those who should have access. Enabling trust is crucial to accelerating the information economy, enabling customers to take advantage of emerging technology trends and enabling individuals and organizations to operate confidently in an information-driven world. These efforts position us well to be the vendor of choice in helping enterprises and consumers secure and manage their information on any device across both the Enterprise and Consumer segments and in the Cloud better than any other competitor. You will hear more about our focus areas during our Financial Analyst Day on May 27. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Helyn, so she can start taking some of your questions.
Enrique Salem: What you're seeing, John, is that the products that we built are absolutely the best, and they're being just so well received in the marketplace. And what you're definitely seeing is the discussions we've had around the increased investments in OEM placement fees, meaning that we're shipping -- more units are being shipped, and we're being able to convert those units very effectively. The other thing is with the new eCommerce platform, we are seeing, given the visibility that we have into -- what the customer is doing is they come to the site, we are starting to see an improvement in some of our renewal rates as customers are coming into the side in our conversion rates. So it really is benefiting from a combination of the investments we've made in the OEM and also the improved renewal rate.
Enrique Salem: When we think about the SMB Market segment, what we're seeing is that the new product, Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business edition, the additions of suites which make it easier for both our partners and our customers to take advantage of our products is absolutely having a positive effect, and we are seeing the SMB segment improve. Some of that is a combination of market and then our improvement in execution. I think with regards to the first question on Oracle and Sun, what we believe now is that given the uncertainty around the acquisition, my expectations is that we should see Sun server sales start stabilizing, and then we'll continue to do the job that we've always done which is driving the attach of Storage Foundation, Storage Foundation HA, NetBackup and other products on that platform because we still have a -- our products are clearly the best on the platform. And I'm confident that we'll continue to be successful there. I think what you're also seeing is that we've also started to spend more time on some of the other non-Solaris platforms such as the Windows platform, Linux, and we've got great partnerships with both IBM and HP. And so that gives us more diversified revenue stream for our core storage products, and so I'm feeling very good about that transition and I'm pleased with where we are.
Enrique Salem: You're right to say that because we've been doing such a good job of keeping people current, and that's a discipline here at the company. It's really driven by the add-on options. People looking at PureDisk, taking advantage of the support we have for virtual environments. The product is fantastic from a quality perspective. The early returns, and I've talked to a number of very large customers that are using NetBackup 7, has been outstanding. And if you remember when we shipped NetBackup 6, the adoption was much slower, we did a number of updates. And so at this point, it's really driven by some of the new options and support for some of the new capabilities. The integration with archiving is being well received. It's also important to note we did a new release of Backup Exec that's also doing well. I think I made a comment that about 60,000 people have already installed the new version of Backup Exec 2010. And so if you look at both NetBackup and BE, they're both being very well received in the market place.
Enrique Salem: What we did, Brent, was in October of last year, we went and spoke at our partner engagement. We talked about our approach to leveraging our partners much more broadly across our business. As you know, we've got a portfolio that has a number of great products in it. And what we wanted just to make sure that our partners start specializing in specific parts of our portfolio, because we think that's going to be the best way to make sure that our customers can be successful. So what we did as we entered the new fiscal year, as we extended that program and the reception, quite frankly, by our partner community has been outstanding. Today, we're three partners announced some of the new things that they're doing to support the direction that we're taking. And as I think about the efforts given that focus from the partners, I think now a matter of making sure that the partner community is well-engaged with the entire Symantec sales force. That process is going well. We've been having a number of internal discussions, people understand the direction. Our customers understand the direction. And so I think so far from an overall reception in the marketplace, I'm pleased. I think people are doing and acting in the way we behave and ultimately, should make us much more scalable, because it would allow us to deliver solutions more broadly around the globe as partners are fully enabled to deliver the solutions into the marketplace.
Enrique Salem: Kash, when you look at the investments we've made in the OEMs, what we look at is it takes probably about five months from the time that we pay the fee to the time that an end-user has the opportunity to convert and then you see a ratable revenue recognition, which takes, as you know, over the life of the contract, in most cases, 12 months. And so from a revenue perspective, some of the investments we made in the December quarter, we're starting to see the opportunity to convert those units in the June quarter, but that's literally just a conversion. And then you take the revenue from that conversion point forward. When you comment about the lag or the notion of server shipments, definitely, server shipments have a positive impact on our business. And what you want to look at is again, there is a lag. People buy the server, and then they think about whether they do from a file system perspective, what do they do from a backup perspective and again, there is that time lag, but both or positive for Symantec. And my expectation is the investment we've made in consumer so far is paying off both on the product side and on the go-to-market side. As you saw with the sixth consecutive quarter growth that we've shown in that business.
Enrique Salem: Absolutely. I think that as the SMB segment comes back and you hit it, the strength of both Symantec Endpoint Protection and Backup Exec, some of the new functions that are integrated into both, the other thing to look at in that segment, given the work we've done in Symantec Hosted Services, that should also benefit us as the SMB segment recovers. So there's a number of different things that we can do to better serve that market. And then lastly, from a go-to-market perspective, given the changes that we've been making and the support we're getting from our partner community, that should fare very, very well for us.
Enrique Salem: Let me take the first one. So when you think about the DAT issue that you referenced, what's happened right now in the marketplace is our customers obviously are -- there's concern about what happened. A number of companies and businesses were impacted, a number of consumers, and so it's clearly giving us an opportunity to have conversations with those customers around not just the point security product but the entire security suite that we've got in place. And so it's been really more an opportunity to have conversations with customers who may not currently be using our product and look at a more holistic strategy. Because it's not about replacing a point product, it's about introducing the suite offerings, and quite frankly, the breadth of what we can do for a lot of these customers. So it's really giving us an opportunity to go back into those accounts and have good conversations.
Enrique Salem: As we look at the renewal rates and the attach rates, there's always going to be opportunities to make improvements, and you see us doing that, for example, on the eCommerce platform. You see us doing some new things with the consumer products as far as how do we more effectively move customers and continue to move them through the product range. So from the point product to the suites, we're still continue to have success on that. We've got premium editions of 360. We shipped the new version. So we absolutely believe that there's more room to work on both the renewal rates and the attach rates, Adam. And I think you'll continue to see my team get focused on that. They did a great job in the previous fiscal year, and I definitely believe there's more that can be done there. Adam, you had two parts to your question, renewals and attach, and then there was the second piece? The price increases. So when we look at prices, that is a factor, but as you know, the increases have become much smaller and there's not a lot more that can be done there. It's more a matter of how do we get everybody to the higher-end suite, which is the Norton 360 product which has the highest right price point, that's going to be the more significant benefit.
Enrique Salem: I think we are absolutely thinking about that business where we're not going to depend on Oracle and anything that they're doing while we think that it'll stabilize Sun server shipments. It's more about what our team will do working through both our partner community and our large enterprise sales force to go after the opportunity through our own go-to-market activity, so I'm not going to be dependent on Oracle.
Enrique Salem: In the Security market, look, we've been very focused. When we set out in the fiscal year, we laid out a very clear set of priorities. And one of those priorities that we set out was we were going to put a great team in place around the Security business. We were going to continue to work on delivering suites. We are going to focus on improvements in the SMB segment, and I think what you're seeing right now is that work is, it's working. I mean it absolutely has had the benefits that we expected. Now clearly, there's more work to do. We still see an opportunity to go to the broader range of our suites. We did some new things in data loss prevention where we added in the ten fiber list, something that we call Data Insight which is a clear differentiator that Symantec is uniquely positioned to deliver given our strong background in storage. And so what I look at is our go-to-market and the quality of our products in the securities base is rapidly improving, and I expect that to continue. From a competitive perspective, I would tell you that we have been gaining a lot of large wins. We're tracking the numbers of nodes that we're winning on a quarterly basis across all three geos. That number's continuing to increase. I haven't seen anything different. We've got a number of different competitors, and some of our competitors are geographic based, some of them are segment based. But ultimately, what I feel good about is our team is doing a great job in the security space and making progress. But there's more work to do in fiscal year '11, and that's why it'll continue to be a focus. We extended our portfolio with the new PGP and Guardian Edge acquisitions, and so I think we're in a very strong position for fiscal year '11 in the Security business.
Enrique Salem: First question, no change in buying behavior. I think since the enterprise customers, while they may be buying more servers, they are buying what they need for what they can clearly forecast. And so I don't see any of the kind of pre-buying or any meaningful change in pre-buying. With regards to execution, across every area of the business, there's still continued opportunity to improve. And you should expect that the business leaders are all looking at their areas. We definitely have made progress in our go-to-market both in marketing and sales, but there'll continue to be opportunities to -- and I wouldn't underestimate that comment that James and I both have been talking about, how we can leverage our partners. Partners are a significant part of our business. While we have a large sales force, the combination of the improvements we've made on internal execution on partner enablement, some of the updates to Consulting Services and doing all of those combined will help our overall go-to-market execution.
Enrique Salem: When you think about that, it really is a matter of -- we went through a detailed process. We started this effort in October, and the partner reception was outstanding. We extended that effort starting in the new fiscal year, we went through and thought about what's the enablement we have to do for the partners. We need to make sure that we have specialized partners. It's not about if somebody's greater in that back up, I wanted to be greater than that back up, and we were making sure that they have the intellectual property and the tools and the training to be successful. So we've done a very detailed effort to make sure that the partners are ready. But ultimately, our sales force, both in large Enterprise, Enterprise segments, is still with their account managers having direct interaction with the customer. And so, the goal here is to really bring the partners in to help deliver the overall solution to the customer, and the feedback so far has been very good.
Enrique Salem: At this point, I don't have anything else to be honest. Some of the comments from the call are on Samsung and Fujitsu. I'm pleased nine of the top 10 OEMs are using our Norton products. We've been making great progress on the backup side. And so overall, I have nothing new to report, but definitely pleased with what the OEM team has been doing. And I think the approach that our consumer OEM team, as far as the relationship building that they've done, is working for us.
Enrique Salem: I think that's exactly right. What we're seeing is that the Consumer business is definitely doing well. We're seeing PC shipments improve, and so that's part of the equation. And I also think that as you look at our business, we will continue to look at the cost structure and what improvements we can make. But overall, as the top line grows, it does make it easier to be able to improve margins. But right now, I'm very focused on the things that have worked which are continuing to look at the Security business, the Backup business, the SaaS business, and some of the things I commented on, the new efforts in Appliances where we're going to have new appliances shipping over the next 12 months, that I think will be a benefit our customers.
Enrique Salem: It's a nascent market from what they're looking at, but you're absolutely on the right point. I made a comment about the consumerization of IT where consumers are bringing new technologies, more devices, and I absolutely believe that there's a lot of interest. At our Vision Conference a couple of weeks ago, we had a roundtable with a number of CISOs [chief information security officers] and heads of infrastructure. And it was very clear that there all trying to figure out what is the way to embrace some of these more consumer-oriented devices and technologies. And for Symantec, it's a positive, because when you have got kind of diversity or you've got some fragmentation, given our roots and our focus on hydrogenation, it's a plus for us. And so at this point, a lot of efforts, both in consumer and in enterprise, are looking at how do we deliver information protection capabilities that means both backups and security for non-wintel-based devices. And so those mobile devices are really clearly seeing a benefit or they're seeing a growth there an opportunity for Symantec.
Enrique Salem: All right. Well, at this point, what I'd like to do is just give you a couple thoughts. We closed our fiscal year achieving better-than-expected results on all of our key financial metrics. Sales activity continued to improve. And as the team utilized the broader Symantec portfolio, we were able to take advantage of a number of cross-selling and up-selling opportunities. We drove continued improvement in our execution.,, And our results are clearly showing that, which position the company well for fiscal year 2011 as we focus on making it simpler for our customers to secure and manage their information. I'd like to thank you all, and have a good afternoon.
James Beer: And understand that we are expecting those increased units shipments to flow through to increased OEM fees year-over-year. So I'd be expecting around $0.015 of dilution driven in the OpEx as a result of those increased OEM fees.
James Beer: Well, I would expect that because of the ratable nature of the consumer model that the move to the in-house platform would continue to have a negative effect on operating margins in fiscal year '11. So it's going to obviously become less of a financial issue as the quarters go by, and we see more top line benefit driving from that conversion to the in-house platform. But I would assume it net, net will be dilutive in the fiscal year.
James Beer: Well, as Enrique and I have been laying out, we're pleased with the momentum that we have going into fiscal '11. And at the same time, we're going to maintain absolute focus around cost efficiency across our business. I'm pleased with the progress we've made between sales and marketing, R&D and G&A right across the business in the last year, and we're going to absolutely continue to focus for improvements in all of those areas. That said, I think it's also going to be important that we make sure that we're funding the parts of our business that have the highest growth opportunities available to them. So that's areas like the Consumer business, our SaaS businesses and our Appliance business as well. So that'll be how we'll approach fiscal year '11.
James Beer: And I think it's probably worth just re-emphasizing what I mentioned in my prepared remarks about the during, the coming fiscal year, we don't expect that to be a very significant reduction in our services revenue. We've got a large backlog business that we will fulfill during the coming year. So that will flow through to revenue during the coming year. And I mean that there's very little impact to the P&L of our Services business overall in fiscal '11.
James Beer: And I'd just add that as Enrique was describing the accounting model there associated with OEM fees, of course, they start to show up in terms of the deferred revenue balance, and that's been one of the important reasons for the relatively strong deferred revenue results that we were able to put out this past quarter and reflective of the guidance that we offered for June.
James Beer: Well, one of the challenges here in seeing tight alignment is around the OEM fees and another is around taxes, obviously. So I think there are always going to be quite large dislocations between those in any one quarter. Now over a longer period of time, obviously, those things start to even out. So as we look to the next year or two, yes, I would look to see some sort of overall trend line there coming closer together.
James Beer: And on the second point, our cost of goods sold were up $16 million year-over-year. Right around a quarter of that was driven by the Symantec Hosted Services royalties that I referred to. And I would expect that to behave very much like a variable cost as Hosted Services, as SaaS grows, that line will grow.
James Beer: Well, we talked on the call that we did last week around the Guardian Edge and PGP acquisitions that we had used $1.35 in our planning for the full fiscal year '11. And that's right in the middle of the trading range that the euro-dollar has been at over the last year or two. Now, so we're going to use the same rate, $1.35 for the first quarter. We're only a few days later from this past Thursday. And obviously, we will update everyone as I mentioned at the end of the quarter as to what actually happened. And then, you also have the rules of thumb, so I think everyone should have the tools needed to be able to adjust FX in line with the reality of what the markets are creating. And obviously, that situation has been more volatile in the last two or three days in particular. But all of that aside, I think it's important to focus on the fact that we run the business on a constant currency basis as we think about where to invest, where to emphasize and so forth, and so that's really the key here. And we'll just keep you updated in terms of what's happening on the foreign exchange markets and what impact that will have on our reported results.
