Thomas J. Seifert: Let me take that question. We're not flying blind like many other enterprise software security companies. We are dealing with similar changes in how new products are sold and how buying preferences are changing. That should not be a surprise. We have seen the first impacts of that in Q4, and we try to anticipate that with the guidance we give for fiscal year 2017. Fiscal year 2017, if you compare original expectations to where our guidance is now, I think there are three moving parts. For sure there is a deferred revenue tailwind from our performance in Q4. We said, we overachieved our deferred revenue expectations by about $30 million. That is a tailwind moving into 2017 for sure. We have adjusted our assumptions on product mix and yield and the linearity we see because of that. And we put some conservative up on the numbers to make sure that this transition is predictable from a communication perspective. If I had to give color, then that is probably a 70:30 mix in terms of the factors that I just talked about.
Thomas J. Seifert: Let me add to that. I think the strength and the changes in the business model are really that we are interacting with our customers directly. And I think this direct access and communication with our customers has helped us to rebuild the business model and get to the subscription and enrollment rates we enjoy today. We always have to be aware that an OEM deal is an indirect model to get to business, and that's why what Mike said is so important. For us adding and keeping the profitability and the health of the business segments, we have worked hard to achieve that, is key. That doesn't mean that we do not engage into OEM deals, but they have to be well thought through, and they have to add to the model we've put in place.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes, it's a net increase. So of course we separated the sales force, but that happened at the beginning of fiscal year 2016, Veritas and Symantec, so we're saying relative to the base we started with in FY 2016, we've now added 20% more quota-carrying. And we're doing that by just adjusting the mix of what folks are doing within sales, so fewer folks in sales that were non-quota-carrying. We were adjusting that down to give more capacity in the field itself.
Thomas J. Seifert: I'd say yes, the $700 million is still the right baseline. Before we hit the one-time impacts like from restructuring, we just talked about the restructuring charge we expect to incur over the next two years, $230 million to $280 million. It will not be exactly even across the two years, so you would have to be – expect a little bit more front-end loaded, 60% in the first year, 40% in the second year, but net of these effects, there's a natural run rate of $700 million in the near-term, and then improving once we take full benefit of the $400 million of cost reduction.
Thomas J. Seifert: Also our capability, Mike talked in his prepared remarks that we will provide APIs to put our ATP on top of other competitors' endpoints. I think that certainly a move from our perspective in this direction of having more visibility in one console and providing visibility to our customers, even if the traditional endpoint protection is not coming from us.
Thomas J. Seifert: We talked about our implied billings performance in Q4. I think it's also fair to say that, if we follow the arguments and the trends and cycles we outlined over this fiscal year 2017, we expect to enter fiscal year 2018 with a deferred revenue balance that's going to be up year over year, reflecting the shift in a more ratable structure. So we expect our deferred revenue balance for ES to be up 3% to 5%. I think that gives you an indication of the direction which we are going. And we will, over the course of the Q1 and Q2, move ourselves in a position where we can report better and more detailed billings data moving forward.
Michael A. Brown: Raimo, maybe if I could just add, if you step back and look from the model changes as we talked about, we're extremely enthused about the new products that are coming. And of course, we're getting a second year now of a focused marketing and sales effort on security-only. So we've learned a little bit from what we did this year, and we're making those improvements that I talked about in my prepared remarks as we go into 2017. So I think the overall strength of the portfolio is improving. I think if you were to look at the business separate from this model shift to increasing subscriptions and ratable business, you'd see continued strength. In fact, we saw the Enterprise Security business in total up about 1% for each of the quarters this year. If you modeled in the revenue, if it had appeared in-period in Q4 versus going on the balance sheet in deferred, you'd see a similar trend for Q4. And we expect the strength of those new products, the market demand for what we're doing, and the improvements in go-to-market would result in similar improvements as we go into FY 2017. But the guidance that we give now reflects what we're seeing in terms of this shift in the customers' buying preference, and of course the shift in our offerings being more cloud-based.
Michael A. Brown: That's exactly right. So as we look at the business today, we're still seeing declines from the OEM channel. So of our total customer mix, OEM is a much smaller proportion. That's what we reflected in the prepared remarks. However, you're correct. If we look at the customer lifetime value, given the higher retention rates, we have higher lifetime values for customers, which will allow us to be more competitive as we look at OEMs that we might want to bring on in the future, and we are having those discussions now. But as we've said so many times in the past, this isn't about adding revenue as fast as possible. It's really about making sure that revenue is profitable. So we're not going to be quick to jump into any deal that doesn't look attractive to us.
Michael A. Brown: I think you might have been going rather to the question of whether the guidance included any OEM deals, and the answer to that is no.
Michael A. Brown: Yes, it's incremental. So we're seeing a number of factors when we're selling ATP, Andrew. The first is that we're seeing the SEP maintenance pricing or the renewal pricing hold much more firmly, so that's a positive. We're seeing the renewal rates for SEP improve. And in some cases, we're able to expand our footprint as customers are expanding the number of SEP endpoints that are under protection; so those are all three very positive trends. And then additionally, we sell ATP as a subscription, which we're selling for multiples of what the SEP, or SEP, renewal rate is. So it's at least 100%, and in many cases much bigger factor than that. So when you put that all together, we're pretty excited about what we're seeing, both with the adoption of ATP, and with what the revenue uplift can be.
Michael A. Brown: The Indian telco. Yes, so you're correct, we're not assuming any OEM deals in the guidance, so the guidance would change if we do an OEM deal. We haven't really given renewal rates as you know for the Consumer business, but we have seen a dramatic improvement for those customers who are already on the subscription. They renew automatically, there's no – what we used to call an auto-renewal process. So if someone's credit card is current, they basically get notified that their subscription is continuing and they don't need to take any action. And as with so many Consumer products that we're all familiar with, the retention rates for those customers in a subscription is so much higher. So we're seeing the benefit of that. We commented that we particularly saw that in March and April, as we're now seeing the one-year anniversary of when we moved those customers into subscription. And then the Indian telco that we announced, which is one of the examples of monetizing mobile protection for consumers, we expect that to contribute to FY 2017's revenue for Norton.
Michael A. Brown: Thanks, Keith. We're seeing that our Endpoint Protection is holding up quite well, in fact growing as I mentioned, even in the face of some other parts of the portfolio that are declining, so we continue very enthused about how SEP is doing. And I think that's because many of these other Endpoint Protection companies out there, one, require you to put an additional agent on to get a level of protection, and two, are boasting about some level of protection that goes beyond antivirus. Symantec's Endpoint Protection or SEP already has that. We already, as we've talked about so many times before, we are already putting multiple protection engines into the SEP capability, and we continue to add to that. In fact, one of the 12 new products that I've talked about, coming for this fiscal year that started with ATP is the next generation of our SEP offering, which includes, as we talked about, some of those key capabilities, more detection in the cloud, which shift some of the workload to the cloud versus the agent itself, makes it so much more efficient; Proactive Exploit Protection, which gives us the ability to see different behaviors of malware and block those by understanding how those typically manifest themselves; and then more advanced machine learning. So we continue to improve on what SEP is capable of doing. We kind of think about next generation as having a couple of key aspects. One, are you providing advanced protection beyond AV? We're already doing that today, have been doing it for years. Many of these new competitors are, as I said, crowing about one slice of what's required in protection, that's beyond AV. The second would be, what can you protect across different control points? Can you control for threats that would come in across email, across the network and across endpoint? Obviously our ATP capability does that. What can you do to remediate threats? So do you have EDR capability? Then the fourth, very importantly, can you scale to hundreds of thousands of endpoints without affecting performance? So we believe in fact that Symantec is the only vendor that can provide all four of those in what we call Next Generation Endpoint Protection. And then I'll just point to the third-party view, in February, we announced that pretty rigorous testing organization, AV-TEST, gave us the number one award on Consumer and Enterprise, it was the first time that was ever given to the same company, with 20 different endpoint providers were tested, and we came out number one, blocking more threats effectively with fewer false positives. So we believe we've got third parties verifying what we're saying about Endpoint Protection from Symantec.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I would say, primary in our thinking is organic development. You could see that's where our emphasis has been. M&A is clearly not the solution to getting Symantec growing again. Having said that, I think we've been very upfront that we have been, and we'll continue to look at M&A opportunities. They need to fit very tightly with the strategy we've talked about, and they need to make sense, financially. And you can see by looking at our history that we've been very careful as we've thought about opportunities. There's been no shortage of things to look at, but we're very strict with our criteria.
Michael A. Brown: I'd say we think that this trend towards more subscriptions business is going to be beneficial for us in the long run. It provides a headwind near term, but we think it's obviously going to make us much more predictable long term, and we think it frankly will provide more staying power with existing customers by getting them on a subscription basis, the same way we're already seeing that benefit in the Norton business. So I'd say as we have invested in our portfolio to bring some solutions out that are more cloud-based, we expect that to directly coincide with customer buying preferences. The other key trend I'd say is a real positive for us is the increased focus on the endpoint. As networks become more porous, there are more cloud-based workloads, there's less emphasis on next-generation firewall. That doesn't mean they're not going to be important or that those vendors are not going to be successful, but we're seeing that there's more of an emphasis on what can you do to protect those workloads in the cloud. Even with those workloads in the cloud, endpoint still has to be protected, and then that also lends some tailwind to our information protection offerings, which clearly are very beneficial for customers that are doing workloads in the cloud.
Michael A. Brown: I think it's a bit of a mixed bag, John. I think, thinking you're going to get everything all under one console is a bit of a pipe dream, and the reason is because the problem becomes ever more complex. The attack surface, when you consider mobile, cloud-based, IoT, any of the productivity enhancing trends in IT bring their own security issues along with it. So as the attack surface expands, it's difficult to think I'm going to consolidate everything under one pane of glass. However, one of the key thrusts behind our unified security strategy, and we talked about our platform approach, is to bring more of that visibility under a single pane of glass. I talked in my prepared remarks about how we're doing that with ATP. I think in the future, you could see our threat protection and information protection be brought together under one pane of glass, and that's much broader than anyone else in the industry, in our view, has the capability to do. So pipe dream to think it's all going to happen and it's going to happen near term, but we are clearly moving in that direction.
Michael A. Brown: I think we've talked historically about the fact that 60% of the portfolio is growing and about 40% is declining. We talked about the key areas. If we look over the year, certainly our SEP, Endpoint Security has been growing. We've seen DLP grow at some very fast rates. We saw that up double digit for the year, even though it was down for the quarter. We're going to expect to see obviously fast growth in these new offerings. We saw that with ATP. We've got a number of new cloud offerings coming. We've got the first analytics applications coming for unified security, so a number of key growth areas. What we've talked about declining is Endpoint Management. So that's about $100 million business now for us. It's been in decline for some time. One of the new offerings which we're calling the Unified Endpoint Management and Security is going to essentially replace, because it incorporates both Security Policy Management, as well as the traditional Endpoint Management or Configuration Management. So we expect that will, to a large degree, over the time that it's introduced in FY 2017, replace what we've had with traditional Endpoint Management, which is an on-prem product.
Michael A. Brown: Pat, I think you already probably knew my answer to that before you asked the question. We took a long look at the configuration of the business back the summer two years ago, and decided that it made sense to be a security company. And that's when we made the decision about Veritas. I think all three of the businesses that – or all three of the product line areas we have today, so in Enterprise Security, our Website Security product line, plus the Enterprise Security business that we've been refocusing on, and then Consumer Security, are all contributing very significantly, both to the strategy, and we talked about that before we wouldn't have access to all that information about the threat landscape if you took away any one of those key product areas. And then, I think that helps us to bring more to what customers are looking for, so they can buy more from fewer vendors, back to the question we were talking about, I think it was with John a few minutes ago. Customers are looking to do more with fewer vendors rather than continue to proliferate this best of breed buy from 100 different vendors and integrate. So I think the breadth gives us a lot of advantage when we're working with customers.
