Vincent Pilette: Yes. And to be honest with you, I never believed that I would say what I’m going to say, which is despite the fact that we posted a double-digit quarter, quarter, the most exciting news is, for me too, that we are now scaling the close of the merger with Avast for February 24. We, as you imagine, are super eager to get started. We’ve made great progress in our planning activities, and we know that this merger will offer an increased capacity for innovation, for global reach, to make Cyber Safety reach for consumers. So, we’ve been patiently working all the processes. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we made great progress on many fronts. We still have regulatory conditions to meet in the UK, Germany and Spain. We’ve done now all of the filings and we are openly and actively, if you want collaborating with those stories answering all of the questions they have. Based on the progress, and I won’t go into every detail, we’re now confident that we will be in a position on February 24 to either meet all conditions or waive all conditions and be able to close. So that’s, as you mentioned, a great news.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, I'm with you. And to be honest, so we have a very broad purpose, right, really protecting and empowering everyone to have the digital lives being safe and getting the maximum value for it. As we know, as we move more online, we, of course, expose either the users or our kids or family to more risk coming from that cybercriminality that continues to evolve all the time. I mentioned at our Analyst Day that moving up the stack of value from that core device security to multi-device, to then including password manager, VPN, then adding identity features and then moving into privacy features is what our mission is to build just the best cybersafety platform, full stop. And then on top, offering additional services that would have a lot of value because they are part of that cybersafety platform. I mentioned a category we really look at very closely within that privacy and protection is your reputation online, reputation, privacy reputation management, and then protecting against all sort of activities that would expose you. Cyber bullying being one of them.  And so social monitoring is just another feature, if you want, in a long road map that we keep developing to protect our children against different worlds, different exposure that you would not want to have and creating an alert system and a blocking system that help spotting that. You should, as part of kind of a development, as we continue to build up the different categories. When it comes to competition, I have to tell you, we see a lot of innovation, startups, either geographically located or product category-focused, that bring interesting new ideas. And this is why we like the position we have. And we will even reinforce with Avast. We're going to fully up-capacity for innovation and continue to accelerate the rate of value we bring into the overall portfolio. So you should see it as a long-term development and understanding that we continue to move the value and build up that full definition of what cybersafety means for an Internet user.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. No, very good question. So every geography is important. But as you know, Norton came with a more U.S.-centric base, right? 70% of our business coming from there. And when we started as a company two-years ago, we say we have a big opportunity internationally, first, with the current product portfolio, and we did that. Then we realized that in many local countries, there's many features that are more free features and introducing, in our portfolio, the ability to manage a freemium model was important. We acquired Avira and we did a lot of testing and realized that actually combining in one country under the same roof at full-life cycle from freemium to premium to full cybersafety platform is actually working. And we were able to grow almost all line of all cohorts when we're doing those tests locally. So that has been, of course, a proof point that give us the confidence to say, hey, the combination with Avast would be definitely a fantastic, very powerful move to offer more innovation to these customers, including the commitment to the free, and that's number one. Number two is, we have seen it with Avira but also with Norton, as we continue to move more value up the, I can call it, value chain, when you look at the pyramid at the base, the basic security moving into your data being protected and your data inform a live, protecting your full live, that's an identity or multiple identities and protecting that. We can see both, of course, the value creation of the ARPU going up and then the retention actually going up along with the customer satisfaction. We started to launch more combined product AntiTrack starting at the basic with Dark Web Monitoring in many different countries to introduce the notion of that identity protection. And you'll see us more committed and going to drive that digital identity internationally. In Europe, as you know, digital identity has a decent meaning than in the U.S. And so having a presence in each region and understanding the – both the local market in a global framework is very important and we'll be fully committed to that. The third one, I would say, internationally that we have seen is once a customer gets more of that value that I mentioned under either Norton Identity or different single products, AntiTrack or others, we've seen retention improving. Some of the Avira retention improved internationally and we can see in the various countries. Every country has a different renewal rate, but they move up when they move up the value chain and become more a member of a cybersafety platform. So that gives you an idea, if you want, of the different levers we will have to continue to accelerate growth as we share best practices with our friend at Avast.
Vincent Pilette: I totally agree with you. Let's be very clear. We know that to reach out the 5 billion Internet users, we can't just do it through a DTC business model. We have to continue to partner, whether it's going indirect to a simple channel or combining with other solutions to offer a better mix or a fully integrated value, combining, for example, with an insurance provider and a cybersafety offering, et cetera. So expect us to continue to develop our channels that way. I think we mentioned publicly that employee benefit was one of them. That's more U.S.-centric. We've increased our investment a year ago in that and we now see the fruition to that. There too, it's not only a channel because then we get feedback around adjustment to the product portfolio and we can add more value for the employee benefit of customers. So customers that come through that channel. We want to be – of course, we want to move fast. Of course, we want indirect channel to be bigger but we want to be very thoughtful, making sure that our brand is recognized, that we have engagement with the customers, which is not the case with every legacy indirect channels, making sure we have the ability to continue to move up the value chain of customers. Those are some of the criteria we really consider before really putting the trigger on increasing investment in one area. But a lot of opportunities there, want to be thoughtful. We're particularly excited – sorry to come back with all the time with that, but when Avast will come in, they have a VSB/SOHO Channel, so focusing on the gig economy or the home-worker person around that cybersafety, we expect to increase that channel as well. So – and we have none in our NortonLifeLock. So definitely expecting direct channel to continue to be an expanding part of our go-to-market strategy.
Vincent Pilette: There's one ad I want to say, I know it's doubling down on what I already said and Natalie mentioned it briefly but we have a lot of also indirect customers. A year ago, we launched Norton 360 on mobile, Android and iOS. In employee benefits and mobile app, we increased 100,000 net new customers or over 100,000 net new customers in those two channels quarter-over-quarter. We saw for the first time actually in mobile app, 65%, about two-third of the mobile app purchases were Norton 360, which is a very big change. That is impacting how we report the direct customer count. We've made some analysis Avast, for example, is including the mobile app into the customer. So as we merge with Avast, we’re going to take a fresh look on how we report this customer count. So investors can have a full view on how we looked at our business across all dimensions.
Vincent Pilette: And when it comes to gross, we balance retention, ARPU, new customer acquisitions. If your question is, can you go higher than the $9 average? The answer is yes. We still have the majority of our customers that don't have identity protection that are just on the core security. Nobody is anymore just on the AV. They have more than just security like password manager, et cetera but they haven't really made the leap yet on understanding the benefit of having identity – digital identities being protected. And I think that's really our effort, creating the innovative portfolio to really drive that increased adoption of identity protection.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, thank you, Paul. And thanks everyone, for joining us for this call. We appreciate your continued support, of course, and we look forward to connecting with you very soon. So stay safe and be well. Thank you.
Natalie Derse: Yes, hi Saket, thanks for the question. In our prepared remarks, you heard us, right? The growth was pretty broad-based, both the U.S. and international and across security and identity. How we continue to post double-digit growth, I think, is exactly what we’ve said. It’s really having our new products come to market faster, which is allowing us to offer increasing value to our new as well as our existing customers. We continue to focus our efforts in expanding our customer reach across the globe, that’s driving both domestic expansion as well as international expansion. We’ve got – with Avira, really seeing the premium to paid conversions as well as combine and diversified through the partner and indirect channels. Think all of that’s just really coming together, and we’re focused on all of those key tenets to drive that double-digit growth.
Natalie Derse: Yes. Thanks for the question. So look, growing our customer base has consistently been and will continue to be a key ingredient to our strategy. And we've just posted our ninth consecutive quarter of quarter-over-quarter net-ads. But we've chosen to report our customer ads to you defined as direct customers. We'll continue to invest in driving this area, very, very fruitful to acquire customers to direct acquisition. But it's not the only avenue to customer acquisition. I think you've heard us today a couple of times talk about the indirect channels. These are diverse channels that we can go to market and really expand our reach, and we're putting resources behind that. We absolutely want more customers, direct paying customers through our funnel. And that's why it's so important for us to focus on how we expand our reach globally in all different channels. The direct channel is becoming increasingly more competitive; both from a competitive spend perspective but also just add costs. And so we're trying to strike the right balance and really leverage all of the diversity of the channels that we have out there to acquire users and/or indirect customers that will over time feed into our installed base.
Natalie Derse: Yes. So as it pertains to price increases inflation, et cetera, I know it's being talked about across the globe. Very, very top of mind and relevant, for our business though, we're software-based so we really don't have a ton of logistical and raw material inflation in our business. What we focus on when we think about price, when we think about inflation, it's more so how are we driving customer value? How are we bringing innovation faster to market? How are we making sure that we are the number one customer choice, in the decision where they choose how to protect themselves and their family? And that's how we focus and that's how we think about our price. We want to make sure that the price to value equation makes sense and not necessarily focusing on price increases just because it's top of mind and across the world today.
