Enrique Salem: What we continue to see, Walter, is that our team continues to execute very well on the ability to continue to move people to our premium suites Norton Internet Security and Norton 360. And then, it's also just great execution on our using our own in-house eCommerce platform which allows us to do a much better job of monetizing and increasing the dollars per transaction for every new user that comes into our online store. So that combination in the core business is performing very, very well. The other side of it is as we move into some of our new initiatives throughout Norton Online Backup, NortonLive services, those services are now starting to contribute to the growth of the business and that's a new opportunity for us that we've just started to effectively monetize. I think we talked about a 37% growth in the non-core software components being Backup-like services and the other things that we're doing beyond the core products.
Enrique Salem: Sure. As we look at -- as we look across the regions, and we look specifically at Europe, it's -- you're seeing what we reported. What I feel encouraged by is we're seeing good billings that are basically driving -- will drive future revenue. And this is one of the best quarters we've had probably in the last 4 or 5 coming out of Europe. We saw good strength out of our U.K. business. Our Central European business in Germany, Switzerland did very well. Also, some of the places where people have been very worried, I mean, along the Mediterranean, Spain, Italy, Greece, they all performed well for us. And so that will come through as we go forward and start recognizing the revenue coming out of the billings that we did in the quarter. So overall, Europe actually did better and it's showing up in the revenue right now, Brad.
Enrique Salem: We're definitely seeing a trend. It's a couple of quarters now that we've seen license improvement in that business. And that really is about our ability to drive in other platforms. Into the Linux platform, specifically, Red Hat, also on the Windows platform. And then we're also bringing new capabilities. I commented about ApplicationHA, which is a new product that we codeveloped with VMware, that is an important component of making a virtualized environment more robust. And so, we absolutely believe that the trends that you're seeing there are going to continue and it's important to note that a lot of the native tools or tools that are coming from some of the propriety vendors, we're definitely seeing people recommit and rebuy into the capabilities that we deliver from our storage management and availability business. I mean we saw some specific big deals where people had considered or started to use some of the alternatives from companies like you mentioned, Oracle and others. And we've recommitted to our capability. So we're pleased with the last several quarters of results in the storage and availability management business, and I actually believe that, that team that we put in place here at Symantec is just doing an outstanding job.
Enrique Salem: As you see our DLP business, our MSF security services, our authentication services continue to grow in overall scale, and also our SaaS businesses. I expect that, that will be a more meaningful contributor to the overall growth rate of the security compliance segment. SMB, we announced some changes in organizational structure in mid-May. And that team, we just did our business review. We're clearly starting to see progress, but that is a lot of work that we've got to do there around continuing to enable our partners, driving demand. I talked to -- touched on the new product, Adam, our Symantec Endpoint Protection for small business, the new release of SEP 12. And so there's a lot of work that we're doing to drive better results, but that continues to be a focus area for the company and I expect that will be the case for the remainder of this fiscal year and into next year. But I'm very happy with the work the team's already done, and I expect to see that continue to improve. But that's been the one area that we're going to have to continue to do some focused work.
Enrique Salem: Absolutely. So it's actually better execution by our sales team. If you look at it, the team was very focused on getting a fast start to the year and it was everything from getting quotas out sooner to how do we make sure that we look at better account planning, how do we do better deal reviews, executive engagement. And I just think our sales team is executing better than we've seen in probably 5 to 10 years here at Symantec. I mean, I'm very pleased with the work they're doing, and they were focused on getting that fast start and they actually did it.
Enrique Salem: Sure Brent, so when you think about the current environment, we're very focused on the big trends that are driving our business. The threat landscape, I mean it's more toxic than ever. The attacks are more targeted. I mean, I go to -- every major customer I talk to is thinking about how do they protect their data, their environment, their infrastructure. And so, you've got that big trend that's a positive. The second thing is you continue to see the growth in data. And we've been, now for a number of quarters, delivering double-digit growth around our backup and archiving business. And that is because customers are really saying, "How do I protect all of this data that's being created?" And so that combination of those 2 trends are absolutely helping Symantec. Now as far as -- you comment on the current issues around the government, obviously, that's something that we don't control. I mean we're not really in a position to look at or say what happens. And so, our teams has absolutely been thinking through what is impacted by changes like that. And obviously, it's our federal business, and so we've thought through our expectations there. We understand the risks. And as we look at our forecasting process, while the government's an important part of our business, we have, as you know, a fairly diverse business, and we have thought through what those implications are. At this point though, like I said, we don't control what they do in Washington or anywhere else in the governments around the world and we're focused on continuing to drive much better execution here at Symantec, and hopefully, what you're seeing from our results is that, that's what we're doing quarter in and quarter out.
Enrique Salem: We're very much focused on the information. You -- the device to us is irrelevant. We feel like the device is where the end user interacts with the information that they use for their personal, for their personal life, for their corporate life, and we're very focused on that. Who are you and should you have access to the information? And I think that approach is separate from whatever the device is, or quite frankly, for what you can do at the network infrastructure layer. Now, that said, we obviously are sensitive to what our customers are saying, and what we continue to see as our results show in products like DLP and managed security services, they're coming to us and saying, "Help us protect the information. Help us manage our security operations." And that's what we'll continue to do.
Enrique Salem: Well, what we continue to see is as we drive some of these new product lines, DLP, Backup, the stabilization in our storage, management and availability business, I mean, these products are the biggest drivers of new license for the company, and we continue to see big, favorable moves in our direction. I mean we are winning in the DLP space. Our backup business is doing very, very well, not only on our traditional software business, but also our appliance business. We see an incredible demand for the work that we're doing in appliances. I was talking to the team just the other day and our ability to integrate deduplication, the media server capabilities into one appliance is absolutely what customers have wanted and we're delivering that into the market. We're, obviously, going to leverage our very big install base in Backup and take those appliances aggressively to market worldwide. So my expectation is that we will continue to see improvements in new license going forward. And also, that you've got to be sensitive to, which doesn't quite come across new license, is that some of our products, like our SaaS products, don't show up in new license, because those are more subscription-oriented. And got to look at that trade up, because over time, my expectation is you'll start seeing a bigger move to those subscription products, not just to the new license products. So that means MSS products, our SaaS-based offerings, the consumer business, obviously, and our new VeriSign assets will absolutely beat that more of that subscription or ratable-oriented offering.
Enrique Salem: Yes, we definitely are seeing the strategy that our team has taken of saying, "We're going to go after every customer." If they're a value buyer, we've got a great strategy to satisfy that demand. If you're a premium buyer and you understand the differentiated value that we bring with the daily scans, the vulnerability protection on your site, the extent of validation certificate, so we are very comfortable with what we're seeing in the mix. I think prices have stabilized and our team is executing very, very well in our trust services business. And I think, again, that's something that is sustainable.
Enrique Salem: With regards to the competitive environment, clearly we've got a distracted competitor. I mean, you're integrating what was a focused security company into a much larger semiconductor company, more diversified portfolio. And so that's a benefit to us. We're clearly seeing some displacements. We're seeing a lot of people leave, they had some leadership changes there. And so my expectation is that, that is a benefit to our security business that will continue for some time. With regards to some of the other attacks and some of the other things that we talked about, clearly there is customer concern about the attacks. We talked about a specific vendor in RSA and that is driving -- people coming to us and saying, "How can we use your VeriSign identity protection technology as a replacement for some, if not all, the deployment that we've got with our existing offering?" And so ultimately, both of those are positives for Symantec, and I expect them to continue for the foreseeable future.
Enrique Salem: When you look at that business, what's important to us is that we are competing well against the native tools, we're adding other platforms and doing well on Linux, and we're doing well in Windows. And then we're also adding new capabilities. So we're bringing things like Application HA. And so you're right, we've had some pretty big headwinds there over the last several years that our team has been able to say, "Here is how we go after that market and create real value for customers." And customers still see the value, the clear value in our high-performance file systems, some of the new functionality around thin provisioning, some of the new work we've done on high availability. And so, I do believe that great execution there by our team and customers' understanding the value we bring on virtualized platform for the products like ApplicationHA are all positive. Now, Remember AppHA is a new product that's relatively small, and so it's going to take time for that to have any kind of meaningful impact on the business.
Enrique Salem: When you look at our customer base, what you've got is our team is doing a great job of building stronger and better relationships of our accounts [ph]. A lot of that starts with -- we're very focused on measuring customer loyalty and our customer loyalty numbers in general, over the last several years, have trended up. And so that means, we're building better relationships at our accounts and the whole company's focused on that. As far as the specific metric of what we've got as far as how many of our customers have both, majority of customers in the Global 2000 use some level of product from Symantec, that they have some security from Symantec, they have some of our storage products. What really is happening is that they're expanding the utilization of those products. So that's how you want to think about it. In some of the deals I mentioned, for example, the one with the large telecommunications provider, they were already using security. They had some of our storage products but they decided to extend the use further, to use more of them. And that's what I expect with great execution of our sales team is that we'll be able to get more revenue per customer as they use more of our portfolio. With Clearwell, for example, as we bring that in, that's going to be a strengthening of both our backup and archiving businesses. And so that'll, again, give us one more thing to drive into the account base. And I absolutely expect that customers will do more with a broader set of Symantec's products. In every call, we talk about cross-sell opportunities, and I think our sales team is doing a great job of making that happen.
Enrique Salem: When you look at the mobile space, we've had 600,000 downloads, and so we are seeing interest. One of the questions I get all the time is, is there going to be a need for security products in some of these mobile platforms? Well what we're seeing is absolutely customers believe there's a need with a lot of these downloads. But it's still early and there's still 1.4 billion PCs that need to be protected. I don't have a market share statistic for you as far as mobile market share because it's just one of those things that I haven't seen any external data. But what I'm really pleased with is a couple of things. One, I believe there's clear demand for the mobile platform. Two, I think the focus Symantec has in that area under both Janice in Consumer and Francis in Enterprise is going to allow us to capture a meaningful part of the market. And so as that market unfolds, I am confident we're going to do very well.
Enrique Salem: Yes, there are 2 parts to that, Phil. First, we absolutely -- a lot of the appliance businesses, with the high-end appliances, has been in our current install base. But we are seeing customers that have not been using our data protection solutions broadly. Take a close look at the appliances, because it does simplify the day-to-day deployment and management. When you can integrate a lot of the core backup infrastructure into one appliance, so you don't have to buy separate technology for deduplication, separate media servers, separate software, integrate that on to one box. That is definitely not just something that our install base wants, that's something that other new customers. But it's more in the install base, that is the early adoption. You are correct, the reason we moved to the appliances is because customers, again, want easier to manage, easier to deploy, and so you're seeing us develop and deliver a series of appliances. And so you've heard us talk about 2 or 3 different appliances. I expect that to continue, and you'll probably see several of our other products be delivered on the appliance form factor.
Enrique Salem: No problem. We were -- just to be clear though, what we're trying to figure out is we saw license growth for several consecutive quarters and that business absolutely grew year-over-year. And so we just wanted to make sure we answered the right question.
Enrique Salem: What I saw, to be honest, nothing really surprised me. What was clear is our -- the last several quarters, I've been encouraged by our close rates. I've just been seeing our team do a good job of driving to closure, and I think that's the disciplined process that our sales leadership team has been driving over the last several years, and so, nothing surprising, just real good execution by the sales team.
Enrique Salem: I think ultimately we are very thoughtful about learning from what happened each quarter. And so what we've done is we said, "What are the things that allow our team to get focused? Well let's get quotas out as early as possible. Let's look at whether anything that distracts or keeps our team from getting engaged in the quarter." And so there are a number of activities that we look to complete either virtually or push out. So, for example, our sales conference, we held it in July, instead of holding it in the first quarter. That's just one of many examples because the key is we obviously go as aggressive as possible to finish our fiscal year and so we've got to be in the pipeline building as early as possible. So the combination of quotas getting out earlier, moving some activities out and also thinking about the pipeline earlier, meaning not just waiting to your end quarter, because as you know, in enterprise software it takes time to build and close the pipeline. And so just the focus that we've had on doing a much better, more disciplined job of managing the sales organization, managing the accounts, managing the pipeline is obviously working.
Enrique Salem: No, it's not. Everything that we thought through what we needed to do, and like I said, I mean we basically have managed through all those activities. And the biggest drivers were really just great execution by the sales force and making sure we had the right account discipline.
Enrique Salem: Thanks, operator. I'm pleased with the team's execution and our better-than-expected results for the fourth consecutive quarter and I'm optimistic about our prospects for this quarter. So thank you for joining us this afternoon and I look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
James Beer: Well, I think when we look at an implied billings figure, we've really got to be careful to take into account the year-over-year impact on the deferred revenue balance, both acquisitions and foreign exchange. So, as you look to adjust for all of that, I'd be comfortable that we'll continue to see revenue and deferred revenue growing in the future. So that's why we really urge everyone to focus only around the implied billings statistics.
James Beer: Well, we did see lower OEM fees during the quarter. So that had really more to do with the structure of our agreements with the OEMs than it did any diminishment of units in the June quarter. In fact, we saw a pretty good growth in units in the June quarter. So there was a modest expense benefit, less than a handful of million dollars. So I was pleased with the ability to drive general execution there across the consumer business.
James Beer: Let me take the cash flow question first of all. What I would expect is that for the first half of the fiscal year, our cash flow from operations is going to be up about 20% year-over-year, so a strong growth rate. And we don't offer full year guidance on that metric but we're certainly pleased with the first quarter's result and are looking to that first half metric that I mentioned.
James Beer: And I think also the fact that our products work across the range of different environments that tend to be resident in the data center is really of great value to our customers as well.
James Beer: No. It's just our sense right now for where we see the Clearwell opportunity and obviously we're going to go and work and see if we can beat that number.
James Beer: No, I think that's a good planning assumption for the year at this stage, and we'll update you each quarter.
James Beer: Clearly, there's an impact from Clearwell on the operating margin side. But I'm comfortable that, what I said at the analyst day about operating margins, is still operative for the year.
James Beer: Yes, that is a full quarter of revenue from Clearwell in the September period. We're certainly very much engaged in terms of updating the sales force on the opportunity to enhance what is already our e-Discovery offerings, to integrate those e-Discovery capabilities with our market-leading archiving capability. So we feel as though we're in a good space here and we now have the leading solution. And so we're getting very focused on getting that to market as quickly as we can.
James Beer: Well, we saw growth, as we were alluding to earlier, the storage and availability management business was a contributor to that company growth in license. We saw company growth of 4% year-over-year, and while we don't break that number down into its constituent parts, it was clearly one of the contributors.
