Vincent Pilette: Yes. So I mean, as you guys know, we're not directly related to PCs. I think the PC is a good indicator of the pressure on the overall consumer spend and a lot of PC where bought and where onetime purchase during the COVID period, we obviously are more of a subscription business post device. People still spend time online, as you know. That is a growing metric. People still are exposed to risks in the digital world and that's also a growing scary metric. So the need for our product is still there. We said it for now 2 quarters that those macro level trends are impacting our global traffic and our ability to grow faster, our new customers coming from our direct marketing investments. But we continue to really foster their installed base, making sure we deliver the best value possible and it showed up into continued growing ARPU and high retention rates. Quarter in, quarter out, I don't think there is like something to conclude. We now have 39 direct million customers, 65 million total customers. And the trend would be -- although it's slightly negative, I would call them like flat plus or minus a percentage point. And I think you're going to continue to see that trend for probably a couple of quarters for as far as we can see. But we are really focusing on the opportunities we have within our current installed base and growing bookings through cross-pollination of all of the best practices both companies bring together.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely. And so we have about 6 initiatives identified. It's important to note that they are not dependent on new product innovations. It's really about leveraging the strength of both organizations to offer more value to our customers, retention rates supported by our service organization coming into this deal will hugely benefit on the Avast side. You know that they have pressure on the retention rate, about 65% and we've identified a set of operational initiatives here to move that up. Cross-selling identity and privacy more complete, comprehensive plan is an important one as well. Avast has a lot of focused technology and features and products. On the privacy side, we bring our identity protection expertise. And I think the cross-selling is the second one. The third one is really the move and upselling to the platform approach. I mentioned that about 60% of our customers had adopted before the acquisition, that platform view. We see higher satisfaction, higher usage. Avast has just launched Avast One. And I think now we're going to leverage that expertise to offer to the 15 million customers coming from Avast, the opportunity to benefit from it. And then you have a set of go-to-market efficiency improvements. One is the e-commerce side and the operational capabilities we have developed. We know we can benefit from rebalancing a very significant performance marketing budget across all lines and leveraging our freemium to premium scope of business model will be the fifth initiative. And the sixth one is expanding in a few various channels that we did not have, one of them being the very small and small businesses. So those are the 6 initiatives. We put them over 24 months. Make no mistakes. We are treating that as the priority day 1 immediately. We know we'll integrate, we know we'll deliver the cost synergies, obviously, driving value for our customers is our overall priority for us.
Vincent Pilette: Totally, let me break it down and timing, we can talk about it because I think timing is linked to the bucket but definitely at a very high level. If you separate, I would call it, there's a bucket of structural differences that you will never change. And I told you and all of you that the acquisition of Avira was a great warm up for us to understand how to manage freemium to premium business models and it gave us the confidence to merge with Avast and create this new foundation. We know it is definitely an enabler of our future growth. On that retention side, I would say there's a set of structural view such as our European business or premium business model or other things. And about, I would say, 1/3 to half would be structural. Now some of the structural things we can tackle them but back to timing, they will take longer. And then there is another set of operational differences. And that we know we've already brought to Avira and will bring to Avast in terms of improving retention, whether it's customer help service organizations, some of the feature insider product. I won't go too much into the details. But we know that we have at least 10 points here that are linked to our own operational execution. And that's what we, in the short term, are focused on. We said over 2 years because we'll do a lot of, obviously, testing and deployment. We'll be cautious on timing of revenue synergies. They always take longer but we'll accelerate the cost synergies to support the accretion on the bottom line. That's at the high level what the retention means.
Vincent Pilette: If I can complement to that answer. I would say, Matt. Matt, one sec. I would say that the growth -- you broke it down pretty well which is basically our core business is marching towards what we had said our guidance was and growing at mid-single digits. And we see these trends to continue. The difference, of course, are the macro level, currency being the number one factor hitting us.
Vincent Pilette: And I'll take the first question. Natalie you can supplement. Definitely, in our partner business, I would continue to see that, as Natalie mentioned, an investment area. There's 4 or 5 key buckets from employee benefits to telco channels to now adding with Avast the SMB area. Now we had in our partner business in the past, as you know, also the mobile app direct customer which will move into the direct business. So that may influence a little bit. Quarter in and quarter out, I think that -- I wouldn't call it deceleration, you'll see up and down in that business, all outgrowing the direct business based on our investment profile.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you. So Gen's opportunity ahead is massive. Even with the near-term macro headwinds, we're still in early stages of long-term secular needs. And as we start this new chapter as Gen, let me recap how I feel. Our purpose is broad, meaningful and inspirational. The market is vast and full of opportunities. We are a house of trusted consumer brands. We have scale and a diversified go-to-market and we have great products, technology and technologists. And above all, we have a passionate and skilled team that thinks big and plays to win. So thank you for your support and I look forward to talking to you soon.
Natalie Derse: Yes. Saket, thanks for the question. So I would start with -- our capital allocation tenants are largely the same pre and post-Avast deal. I think the first and a very critical component of that is for us to get on to our annual free cash flow target of generating $1.5 billion. That's going to really bring to light the execution of the internal leadership team, really executing on all of these opportunities, both revenue and cost synergies and really generate that free cash flow. Beyond that, as a reminder, what we've said is our key tenants are we want to get -- we're going to stay committed to our dividend, so take -- put that aside. And then we're going to find the right balance across our leverage ratio and our opportunistic share buyback. Of course, with the Avast financing and with the dramatic shift in the rates and the debt environment, we're about 1 point higher on our net debt leverage than we expected. And we're obviously facing into that. It's not the only component of our capital allocation and I don't think we can look at deleveraging in isolation. If you looked at it in isolation, I mean, obviously, the cost of debt is about 3x what we thought it was going to be even, I don't know, call it, 7 to 9 months ago. But when you also take a look at the dilution that came with the deal. We've talked about the Avast share issuance. So we're facing into that. We're also facing into what the -- when you look at our share price and really think about opportunistic share buybacks, the balance is incredibly key. And I think it's not only a balance of 1 lever or the next, there's also a timing component to that, too. And so by no means is it easy to strike that right balance but we are super clear eyed about it and we're trying to find and find how we actually balance across all these different factors, especially as the dynamics change so rapidly in the market.
Natalie Derse: Yes, it was about 4 points of growth. It's definitely a pretty significant headwind that we've been facing into the last few quarters with the volatility.
Natalie Derse: No, we have it. So we're facing into about $30 million of currency headwind. From a quarter-over-quarter perspective, it was about $3 million to $4 million. Worse.
Natalie Derse: Yes, I just would supplement that, right? So from a partner perspective, it's about 10% of our business. So we're going to continue to invest. We've seen strong quarters, very consistent double-digit rate of growth. It continues to help. It's more important in the expansion into different markets and different channels and different customer cohorts. That's the value that we really get out of it. Of course, double-digit rate of growth in our -- in 10% of our revenue isn't bad. That's helpful as well. It's a diversification channel for us.
