Gregory S. Clark: Okay. Sarah, thanks for the question. Greg Clark here. So a couple of things that are going. First of all, we're very pleased with the amount of business that we sold in Q2. It was a big step up for us as you can see in the sequential and also, I'd like to underscore the margin increase that we drove. We are seeing an increased commitment to our Integrated Cyber Defense platform. We are seeing a bigger uptake in our subscription product. This is driven by couple of things. We are at a point now where the feature parity between say a virtual client and an appliance is the same. In fact there are some configurations where virtual clients even perform better than some physical appliances as there have been substantial improvements in things like VMware and the hardware underneath these platforms. So this is driving where we are seeing a capacity increase. We're seeing a very strong uptake of our ProxySG refresh. We are seeing a movement to subscription there. We're also seeing as we have in our DLP product, a very powerful instance of the same DLP product cloud delivered. This does create the shift of in-period revenue to subscriptions. We are not cutting abnormal terms. We're seeing normal terms and standard discounting, and this mix shift is driving an increase in deferred revenue. And as you can see from Nick's remarks, we are reaffirming our revenue guide and you noticed in the cash flow comments that we are increasing our fiscal 2018 cash flows. So there is a strong correlation between the deferred revenue and actually selling the right amount of business in the quarter. Nick, anything ...
Gregory S. Clark: Also, Sarah, just at the financial Analyst Day, we added to the reporting metrics the deferred revenue because we wanted to be able to give people the ability to get a better handle on growth. Revenue plus deferred is the way to do that. We did anticipate mix shift. It's happening a little faster than we thought. And we're excited about it. It's actually a good news story.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, definitely. I think one of the key things and we mentioned this in our comments on Financial Analyst Day. We now have a ramped sales force, and we saw that kick in, in Q2. We also have – the second half is bolstered by the Blue Coat refresh and the cross selling that goes on around that. There were some examples of that in the prepared remarks, and we really have, I think, now seen enough evidence that we can execute the cross-sell in the Integrated Cyber Defense, which really that strategy is working. We talked through a number of larger deals in the prepared remarks to give you some hands-on examples of that, and we have a pipeline now that is really commensurate with that ramped sales force. We're very excited about the size of it, and we still have work to do to close those transactions. As we mentioned, there are some large ones in there, but we believe we'll be successful across all that. The other thing that's happening is competitors don't have the same value proposition. And as you move to the cloud, and now you've got to get some cloud stuff to go, you've to get three or four cloud vendors to work in concert trying to deal with that SLA is really hard. So I think we've got a big leg up on the competitor. And if you try to hold together those point solutions, especially in the cloud era it's very difficult for the CIO to do that, it's expensive, it's fragile. And so we put all that together and we think that we've got ramped capacity, we've got the right product and we've got what we need as we look at our pipeline to deliver the growth in the second half. And that's given us a lot of confidence as you can see today reaffirming our outlook.
Gregory S. Clark: So I think we are very pleased with the portfolio that we have, both on the Enterprise Integrated Cyber Defense side and also on the Digital Safety side on Consumer, there are very strong portfolios. We have also driven a lot of integration with third parties, as well. So we do have a really strong ecosystem of other ISVs that we work with in our portfolio. But right now, I think we like the product set that we have. And to talk about valuations, I think they change all the time. We're very disciplined around M&A. We do small acquisitions, as you saw a few through the year that we can absolutely control our destiny and we really work out with our customers, make sure we can sell those. Those are definitely not going to upset anything in our finances. And then we also are very disciplined around doing things that are good for our equity, as we mentioned in the past. We're disciplined around M&A and we like the setup we have right now, and we're totally able to execute our plans with what we have.
Gregory S. Clark: I think I'll answer your refresh question first. We are seeing a strong adoption of the next platform in the new set of technologies in the refresh. Those rates are consistent with the last refresh. There may be some (46:46) running around for some of our competitors that are saying that's not going well. That's going very well. And you can see in the deferred revenue build a lot of the cloud-based stuff is in the deferred revenue build and deferred revenue is larger than the whole world of many of those other competitors. And so we're doing extremely well in cloud, and that is driven by the physical form factor moving to our virtual appliances which support software defined which is what a lot of our major customers and telecom players like. And in addition to that, the pure cloud offering is growing very strong and we've got some great partnerships around the world on that. So we do think that that is happening and there's a very, very strong bright spot in our Cloud Access Broker, in our CASB front, that is posting some very impressive growth rates and some wins. Again, it's all ratable to cloud delivered. And the threat environment, we are seeing some pretty strong reasons in the cryptography. The Internet as reported by sort of the conservative folks, is 50% encrypted, and I've had some telecom companies telling me and say, they think it's more like 85% encrypted right now. And proxies and isolation, and there's the Fireglass acquisition, really deliver around being able to really hunt these threats down out of there and protect against that. So proxy demand is strong. It does not require infrastructure ownership to deploy, which means if you're using cloud and someone else is running it, you can still put proxy in. So we do see strong demand for proxy, and that part of our business is alive and well. Again, there is a delivery platform that is ratable in the refresh. And we are excited about that because we are being designed into the future networks. And so as I mentioned before, this is something that we are excited about that mix shift. It is not an issue.
Gregory S. Clark: So I think the Consumer business, you're right, is fixed. It is a very strong growth engine and we are seeing that even outside of the influence of the Equifax breach that definitely had some very strong tailwinds. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there's a number of vectors in there. They're all going well. And we are ahead on the integration. And we're ahead on that case and, as such, we're raising our outlook for that piece of the business. Also Financial Analyst Day, we talked about margins in the low 40s, and you can see they're coming in at the numbers that we're posting in the last couple of quarters. So I would – if we go back a year and we took a look at what the overhang was on Symantec, it was that we had double-digits and high-single digit declines in a very big piece of the cash flow. That is fixed. We are now forecasting strong growth rates in that business at the size of business that it is. Moving to your question as to would we spin it off, we like it right where it is. It is doing a good work. It is – we have two organizations in the business, one that focus on Enterprise, and one that focuses on Consumer, but I am extremely excited about this. And as people work from home and mobile really sets in, in the world, even more than it is now, and work in business process, we think the clean home is a clean enterprise, and we definitely see a strong correlation between what we're doing in Norton Core and a much safer enterprise network. And so we are excited about this, and we also have conversations in the service provider industry about what we're doing in digital safety that are very encouraging. And so I'm very happy to report that after a year, if you take a look at the Consumer business when, last August, and you take a look at it today, that is a completely different situation. And I'm proud of the company and the team and the partners that helped us really deliver to that outcome.
Gregory S. Clark: So, yeah, good questions, Keith. There was a ton of questions on Equifax. First of all Equifax didn't impact the Q2 revenues. It happened towards the end of the quarter, and the ratable recognition of that stuff didn't impact those results. It was de minimis in the Q2 results. So a couple thoughts for you, and I went into some details in the prepared remarks. Equifax was good, and it definitely increased member counts in a significant way. But what we also saw when we would offer the combined Digital Safety bundle that we've been talking about for a number of quarters to the Norton cohort when it came up for subscription or even in period work we were doing with them, we're seeing a much better uptake than we had modeled in our acquisition case of Norton folks just taking up for more money the LifeLock value proposition. You also saw if you look at the search terms that people searched for LifeLock in substantial passion when they just think about identity. So the strength of that brand is big, and we do think that there is a new normal for uptake in identity protection following Equifax, and that is more, it was very strong at the beginning but even weeks later it is sustained in a way that's different than some of the other big breaches like Anthem. So something else happened, which also I think drives to the power of the digital safety concept. When the KRACK vulnerability came out and everybody talked about how dangerous roaming around on Wi-Fi was, now you could have pretty much easy access to traffic on the Wi-Fi through that vulnerability. So if you were sitting in a Starbucks and some kid had some software and knew how to do it they could be siphoning off your communications. The spike in the VPN product is also very, very substantial and that product is a strong product, it's a $30 to $50 a year adder, and we're seeing that at very powerful growth rates as well. And so the Norton conversion is good, the LifeLock uptake is very good, and we're also seeing the other products in the digital safety realm really lift as well. And then we bring in Norton Core, and we announced Norton Core at the beginning of the year, it won some accolades. We've had it in the market as a version one. So we're careful with the introduction, and we're really starting to ramp that now. And we anticipate strong uptake there. So I think also coming back to identity protection, LifeLock does a ton more than just credit. Credit it's very good at, but it also takes care of all the other kinds of identity theft, and so the bad guys that have all those identities and many of which they already had are used for other kinds of identity crime, such as criminal drivers' licenses, people buying guns in your name, people changing the address of registered properties and then working on various things, tax returns, other things. And also if you have your identity stolen, which still happens all the time, the remediation and recovery of that is really delivered well from LifeLock. So we are seeing better retentions, and we are seeing more uptake but I can tell you we're confident enough now to say that we believe that adjusted for acquisition the Consumer business is going to grow sustainably and at a strong clip. And so in our guidance we're talk about mid-single digit growth rates, and we are seeing the de-risking of the business from the PC declines happening way better than we thought. And also we are within striking distance of PC unit growth. It's not far away. And put all that together, and there was a lot of negative analyst comments on Consumer rightfully so a year ago, and we're hoping that this information is changing the outlook on that. And we're really proud of what we've accomplished there, that's one of the better turnarounds in my knowledge base.
Gregory S. Clark: I think Nick makes a good comment. Looking at the second half, it's a big ramp in the second half. We understand that. We've got a pipe to support it. We've got capacity to support it. We have to execute the closure of that pipe. We feel good about our ability to do that. We do have a good mix of transactions in there. Some are very large because the Integrated Digital Safety platform is working which is driving deal size up. There may be some timing in there, but we are definitely confident about the outlook, and especially the long-term outlook for what we're up to.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, it's a very good question. So first of all, I'd like to just remind everybody that we said we were, and I think predictability is extremely important in what we're doing. And a year ago, we said we were going to come after these gaps in our unified converged endpoint around EDR. And some of these other things we actually innovated some more there and delivered a deception blade in there as well. But we have completed with SEP 14.1 a very solid piece of work around EDR and flight recorders. We believe we have now reached feature parity with the point solutions that did that and we have one major footprint with that. We have 7 million odd deployments now of the EDR capability. So it is being battle hardened, and we believe that that is a huge footprint, and if you look at some of the folks that just specialize in that, I think we are going past their installed bases already. So we do think that we have a very strong upsell capability around those value propositions that are delivered in SEP 14.1. SEP 14 also has been doing extremely well. And as we mentioned, we got a really good conversion rate in SEP 14 in our installed base. And we do see strong improvement in what was less than acceptable renewal rates in prior periods before SEP 14 for the SEP agent. We've absolutely turned that around, and I think we are leading even in these advanced zero-day malwares, our AI detected WannaCry, stopped it, no signatures. So we've got the proof that that's working and we continue to innovate that. And I think it's just a testament to the capacity and engineering that we have behind that problem. We shut that gap down in 12 months with quality product. And again, I'm really proud of that team. I think they're really distinguishing themselves in the industry, and that set of threat researches that comes with them is differentiated. So I think we're going to do very well in Endpoint. As the Internet goes dark, Endpoint is going to become extremely, extremely important. And Mobile Endpoint is where the future lives. And we're one of the only large vendors that's vending with our own technology, a full suite across Windows, Apple products, including Mac and iOS and Android. And so I think we're very well set up on the Endpoint. This is a space we're super serious about and we've got a lot of talent on it. And we're going to be there for the long haul.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yeah. Sarah, let me add a couple of points for you as well. So I indicated in the script that basically $25 million of forecasted in-quarter revenue moved to deferred revenue on the Enterprise side of the fence. So we can all kind of do the math on that. And I think some of the deferred revenue statistics are pretty exciting here, and we've actually disclosed that on our CFO commentary, where we have done a full walk to really work through from GAAP deferred revenue, through purchase accounting, through Veritas, through LifeLock and through the divestiture, really what's going on at the time of deferred revenue lines. And that is the underpinning to my comments about Enterprise deferred revenue growth, which is, let's say, clean of Website Security and PKI. That's up 12%. We've got growth on both the short term and the long-term side of the fence, but we're really excited about that deferred revenue growth. And we look at the combination of in-quarter recognized plus deferred as really giving us a perspective on really the business conditions and the business performance in the quarter.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Those are amortized over time. So we see that and that is a policy that's been in effect at Symantec and it's something that any, in fact, any acquisition we do we move to that policy.
Nicholas R. Noviello: So I'd say, first of all, we laid out at our Financial Analyst Day, actually a couple of slides that showed the difference between the physical, the virtual and the cloud delivery model just in business in general, but certainly that refresh could be a perfect example for that. Look, we knew actually in Q4 of last year before that Financial Analyst Day, and we hit that parity point on the engineering side between those platforms as well. So as we came into this year, we expected that this was going to be the case, and as it goes though, we have to expect a little bit of variability. We saw a little bit of variability this quarter in business in terms of what we expected in-quarter versus deferred. We look at that go forward, we expect a little bit of variability go forward. At the end of the day, and I think we've said this in a couple of different forms, at the end of the day, we have to be able to and we want to be able to help customer in whichever delivery mechanism they want. We have built in a move towards more ratable into our forecast and into our guidance for the year as it happens. There could always be a little bit of variability, which we will give you full transparency on. I actually would also say around that full transparency point, if you go to that CFO commentary and you look at deferred revenue, actually taking out $300 million of WSS and PKI helps you see Enterprise all by itself. So you have full transparency as to what's going on there, and we'll show you that quarter-after-quarter including all of the pieces from GAAP to non-GAAP. So I hope that's helpful. But built into this year was a view that the refresh would be occurring. We talked about that for the second half. In fact, we also had indicated that front half of the year was going to be impacted by integration. We'd be ramping up the new combined sales force in the first half. We'd be ramping them up on all the new products, new relationships with the channels, et cetera, and that would be coming to pass and coming through in top line, business and bookings growth and revenue growth in the second half, and we are on that path. We feel very good about it.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Well, we had more ratable coming into the entirety of the year. So in terms of the first half/second half, I think that we have $25 million in Q2 that showed up as deferred revenue on the balance sheet. We have strong business activity and business activity on track to plan and guidance. So as we go into the second half, we have a very, very strong pipeline. We feel very good about it. In terms of that ratable recognition, there's a significant amount of ratable business already happening here. We know that that can be a little bit variable or on the edges. So we have to be conscious of that. We've tried to guide appropriately for those types of things in the second half of the year. And in terms of the Website Security business, and the Website Security and PKI solutions, in that second half guide, there's really no difference versus what we had talked about before on a full-year basis. But you just have to remember that we're taking it out for the month of November through March. So in terms of walking prior guidance to current guidance, it is pretty basic in terms of just the two pieces, the divestiture and a little bit of FX rolling through there.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Total numbers on revenue? Yeah. So, first of all, you do have to adjust for that Website Security and PKI in Q3. So we're talking about taking out and leaving in one month, basically. The overall revenues for the back half are pretty much what we expected them to be for that side of the business. So there's really not much difference there in the terms of build-up versus our original view of the year. Obviously, we never gave like specific Q2, Q3 type of ramp. But as we look at the revenue stream for the second half, we're very satisfied and feel very strong in our position there. As you may have seen, we tweaked a bit the Enterprise down basically by the Consumer. I'm sorry, by the second quarter $25 million Consumer up, basically the same amount inside of that overall revenue guidance for the year. That's pretty much all we've done to it. So we feel on track for what we're planning to do. We feel like we've got the pipeline on the Enterprise side, the position, as Greg indicated, the sales capacity in place. And then, obviously, the consumer metrics as well supporting that side of the fence. So we feel quite good about it.
