Vincent Pilette: Hey Peter, I'll take that one. So, I would refer to the AI-infused roadmap that we shared that at AIB, right? We've started with a very strong membership structure, which we upgraded on the VA side and now deploying Norton 360 on the New Gen stack. And so we're warning that out that enable a very strong modularity, scalability, and a much more flexible usage from a customer perspective to which we'll be able to add a lot of different value. We already, over the last two years, have added like reputation management and other services will move Norton Genie into the membership and again going to grow into discover of deep fakes, protecting your financial transactions and progress. So, over the next few years, you'll see us to launch more features into these areas.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And today, we don't have anything in our model. That's not how we see it. We first wanted to develop our air models using the vast data that we have building this new generative AI interface for people to interact with their security officer in the pocket, if you want and we continue to develop the model. The goal was really grow the adoption first and foremost, and that's our strategy. The second aspect is to add new features. So moving from text, e-mail, scans to voice and others and progressing towards the value add. The third item is to move that feature as part of the membership. Remember, 545 from Natalie is of course, to acquire new customers, retain them with great features, cross-sell where you can, but mainly moving up into the membership, full protection. So at some level of our membership level, it will be integrated into the price. And as you know, we price for value. And then only -- and only then, will then come up with the Gene Pro, which is our project name, which would be a monetized version. But it's down the line and not in our model today.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. We won't share the full road map, obviously, but we're super excited, right? Part of the opportunity in this merger was to be able to write a client and a full stack that can use AI for more personalization that can have a better user experience, as you know, the product in security were built a couple of decades ago with the idea that it would run in the back end. And then over the years, it evolved to become much more of a partner in new security and becoming front end. So the user experience also is tremendously improved the way we communicate in that, which is contextual and personalized is all opportunities. And then it's fully scalable. So we don't have to a new app or something else we can roll up new features. And based on your membership or price level you sign up for, you will have or can activate different future. We will take full fiscal year 2025 to deploy it. Obviously, you want to be very cautious if it goes smoothly, we may accelerate that. But so far, we have three countries testing it -- and it's early, we have April under our belt and very positive signs. So we'll progress that. We'll move into a little bit more global countries. Some countries open here at the end of the quarter. And then we'll move as fast as we can depending on what we see.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely. And as part of the new tax structure and deployment coming with the Avast 1 free concept and deploying it's part of it. So for the Avast installed base, it's still vast majority is on contract -- and as we migrate to the new stock, we'll for the opportunity to upgrade. So we have the same way that 2.5, three years ago, we moved Norton 360 and reach 60% in the Northern installed base. We have progress to make on that side. But we have no doubt that's where it's coming or going, especially with an agile stack that can really mimic a single product, if you pay only for a single feature or benefit from the value of the full stack. It's that flexibility of scalability, if you want, that we're super excited about.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Let me take that one on. So just to ride out a few numbers to put everybody on the same page. When we closed the merger 18 months ago, our aggregated retention rates for the full portfolio was around 75% as we mentioned. You remember at the NortonLifeLock combined business were around 84% and Avast was around 65%, 66%. First, as we discussed, centralized our operations around the center of expertise for process management, same techniques, same set of operations as we drive these retention activities that really start on day one when the customer onboard for the first time all the way to the day 365 when they renew -- and we closed Q4 here after 18 months on an aggregated basis, at 77.5% retention, 2.5 points improvements in the merger. But Avast itself closed at a record retention rate of over 70%, with close to 5 points improvement in 18 months, while Norton and LifeLock combined stayed somewhat flat. All of the brands slightly trending up on customer satisfaction and improving on retention, even though NortonLifeLock combined, it was immaterially perceptible. So I call it flat. We still have a good in my opinion. As you remember, we had said, maybe Avast he 20-point delta we can improve half of it operationally. So we've done half in 18 months will now over the next 18 months, drive the other half, at least that's how we linearly are projecting it. And now the approach is not different. We're shifting from having centralized the operations, standardize the operations to working on three areas. The first one is defining the customer journeys within the customer life cycle. Life cycle is you onboard for the first time all the way to when you try to leave, it could be a multiyear view and then you have many different steps in your cybersafety journey, and you have different journeys. We've done a lot of work and beefed up our team and our for to buy a very integrated part of the journey into our product. The second one is really what the new Gen stack will enable a will enable us to use a vast amount of data and use our data scientist and AI modeling to improve this, what I call contextual communications, personalized communications. And the second one is really being able to offer a better path between the cross-sell, upsell and the membership side. So all of which leads to better retention on those three access, the whole company that touches the customer journey is mobilized behind that, and we know it's a very, very important aspect of our plan moving forward.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, operator, and of course, thank you all for joining our call. I started this call by saying that fiscal year 2024 was a transformational and pivotal year for Gen. In fiscal year 2025, we're putting the company in a position to reap the benefits of the hard work we put in. As the leader in consumer cybersafety market, we are well positioned to succeed in transforming the industry. We have a strategy to accelerate growth. And while it is not always a smooth journey, it is working. We have a long and proven track record of investing in technology and innovation to best serve our customers, and we will continue to do so. Thank you.
