Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Rick. I would like to thank Rick for his leadership and partnership. There are many good things that Rick brought to this company. The most important, he made us believe that through great execution and teamwork, we can tackle seemingly and surmountable challenges. Closing an asset deal of this magnitude within one quarter while running the company is the perfect example of the leadership he provided. On behalf of everyone, thank you, Rick.
Vincent Pilette: Thanks, Samir. Let me now turn to our Q3 outlook and also discuss our capital allocation plan. In the third quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $602 million to $612 million or down 2% to flat year-over-year. We will continue to drive the business for growth, which is expected to continue to yield low single-digit bookings growth in Q3, ultimately delivering expected revenue growth in other quarters.  The timing and scope of the transition service agreements we have with Broadcom for the next few months and the complicated accounting treatment of the stranded and restructuring costs, as well as the elimination plans, can make the quarterly breakdown of our forecast spend more dynamic. Based on our plan today, we expect Q3 non-GAAP EPS for our continuing operations to be in the range of $0.05 to $0.10 per share based on a share count assumption of approximately flat sequentially, with our core business operating at about 50% profit margin and the rest of the spend made of stranded costs.  We are not providing Q3 GAAP EPS guidance due to extraordinary charges, more significantly the gain resulting from the sales of our Enterprise Security assets, which could yield $3 to $4 in GAAP EPS in Q3. While we provide guidance for the next quarter and we have our eyes on today's business activities, we actually manage the business towards our 12-month objectives. So let me reiterate that within the next 12 months, we will eliminate all stranded costs. Upon elimination of the stranded costs, the completion of the transition services to support Broadcom and a full year benefit from a share buyback program, we expect the operating margin of the company to reach 50% and annualized EPS to come to approximately $1.50. While I continue to give you quarterly forecast, it is progress against that annual goal, $1.50, by which we will determine our success.  As we announced last quarter, the Board and this management team are committed to returning to shareholders 100% of the after-tax proceeds of approximately $8.2 billion in the form of $12 special dividend, as Rick mentioned in his comments. The special dividend should be declared by our Board and paid in fourth fiscal quarter after all the funds are repatriated. Today, we also announced that we raised the regular quarterly dividend by 67% to $0.125 per share in the current quarter. At today's share price, this would equate to over 2% annual yield. Excluding the special dividend from the share price, this would equate to over 4% annual yield.  Finally, as a reminder, we have an existing $1.6 billion share repurchase authorization, which we expect to execute through the transition period. Let me finish with a few comments on why I've accepted this leadership role. This is a major transformation. On one side, we must rightsize our business operations following the Enterprise divestiture. On the other side, we have to continue to expand Norton LifeLock to make the cyber world a safer place for everyone.  On rightsizing the business, we have $1.3 billion of cost to eliminate. We need to monetize and dispose of unused assets. We will use the proceeds for those assets to fund cash costs related to winding down the stranded operations. On the other side, the focus on execution and optimization of our cost structure will enable us to fund many growth initiatives, such as the adoption of our new Norton 360 memberships, the conversion of partner subscribers to direct subscribers, the expansion outside the U.S. and the development of new products and functionalities.  Going forward, operational excellence, discipline and vision will continue to drive Consumer Cyber Safety to new levels. It is a privilege for me to partner with Samir, this executive team and all of our employees to emerge as a successful consumer company in cyber safety.  And with those comments, Rick, Samir and I are now happy to take any questions. Ian, I'll turn it back to you.
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely. Now I want to tell you, we have a very good detailed plan on the operational activities and how to get rid of the activity, and therefore, the cost. The geography on the P&L, whether it's counted operation, discounted operation or restructuring, is really driven by the GAAP accounting rules. I have nothing to do with that. But we're providing all the visibility.  As you know, we will try to eliminate them as soon as possible in our projection, and it's including in our Q3 guidance, we have a big spike in stranded costs next quarter as we write off unused assets. This -- the bucket is really made of 3 areas. One is people cost, if you want, and the position needs to be kept for up to 6 months as we service Broadcom, or at least some of them. After which, the position will be eliminated. The second bucket is facilities, and we are exiting buildings as positions are being eliminated. That will be over the next 9 months. And the last one is contracts and other assets that we are either renegotiated or writing off.  So it will be a little bit choppy. I expect Q3 this coming quarter to probably be the biggest quarter, and then it will move down from there. I think the last piece I would mention for investors, we will provide a good view of the cash versus noncash item of those stranded costs. I think that's what matter in the value of the deal.
Vincent Pilette: So the ID business is about a $50 million business today, and it provides some alert services and fraud alert services. The $50 million, obviously it's an annual number. I broke for last quarter, $13 million. Samir, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, Melissa, this is Vincent. So yes, we've started weekly operational review with our Consumer business. And we kind of designed a matrix of opportunities, if you want. Our membership and our products on one axis, and on the other, the various form of distributions. And when we look at that matrix, we feel we have a lot of great opportunities. We did want first to increase our marketing in the direct customer acquisition program because that had been underfunded in the past, and now it's about doing both investing in distribution and, frankly, into new products to access some of those channels.
Vincent Pilette: No, absolutely. I will -- now we will report all continued operations, as you know, combined of both the current consumer business plus all stranded costs. And moving forward, we will not have a segment reporting view. So there are things we can break as additional information and other that we cannot per the SEC or GAAP rules. And of course, we follow those.  If you look today the consumer business, it's still delivering a 50% operating profit margin, which was both our guidance and assumption in the last quarter. I had said at the time that if you use the current cost of capital, share count and the tax rate, you would be at around $1.40. And today, you're not different than that. We operate the consumer business at 50%. We have not started yet the share buyback program. So share count is relatively flat, and so we are very close to that number. Eliminating the stranded cost as part of that continued operations and reducing the share count will lead us to that $1.50 by the end of the 12-month transition period.  On the free cash flow side, because we operate the consumer business at 50% operating profit margin, which is almost the best proxy for your cash generation, we are roughly, this year, at that $900 million level, as I mentioned in August. No change there.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So today, if you look at the billing growth, it's 4% as we reported. There's a few moving pieces there. I would say low single-digit booking growth is the first quarter we have growth. In the last 3 quarters, it was flat to negative, as you mentioned and as we reported. The business was really run to maximize the profit. And since August, we've not only reinvested some of the incremental savings into marketing activities, but we started deep, weekly operational reviews with Samir, and we focused solely on developing growth opportunities, not just on maximizing profit.  And again, as I mentioned to that metric, like, our 5 membership, our top 10 opportunity to sell and 10 distribution, you have 100-cell matrix, and only a few of those today are fully addressed in terms of full opportunity. And so we see a lot of opportunity to continue to improve our operational efficiencies and redirect those savings into those. Some will be a little bit short term, like the direct customer acquisition. Some will be longer term. And the longer, longer term is to invest and build into huge vision of the Consumer Cyber Safety blanket, if you want. So that's where we are.  Bookings growth at low single digit will take -- because it's a subscription business, will take about four quarters to roll through the P&L. Today, the P&L suffered from the last four quarters of weak bookings, if you want. And so it will just take time to solve that. So that's our current position.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. I can give you a few views here on sources and uses of cash. First of all, I just want to remind you that compared to our assumption in August, our current stranded costs are coming lower. The cash portion of that is lower $900 million versus $1 billion assumed, and the tax proceeds received from sales of underutilized assets keep going up as we are conservative in our projections and only want to make sure we forecast why we have line of sight, too.  In the first quarter, we'll pay the $12 dividend. So that's for one timing. We have an assumption at this point in time that we'll use the $1.6 billion share buyback through the transition period. We want to have it both systemic and opportunistic. So depending on where we see it, we may act differently through that here.  For the sales of the real estate assets and others, for the lack of better knowledge, we kind of, in our forecast model, put them in the middle of the year. That's why I say mid of next year.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So in the quarter, we have about $13 million of revenue. We are meeting our guidance for consumer. As you know, we guided into the old structure, which is a Consumer segment and an Enterprise segment. And the low end of our guidance for consumer, we guided $590 million. We delivered $595 million. In terms of the margin profile, that's really a business that sell to the Enterprise. They don't have the consumer margin, but the double-digit profit margin.
Vincent Pilette: Hey, I want to make sure that we understand that. ID Analytics coming back into consumer is more the result of Broadcom buying the Enterprise business and not taking it, and so that's what we were grouping in that.
Vincent Pilette: So a couple of things, and I'll pass it to Samir. We reported last quarter a retention rate of 84.9% retention rates. They were flat and stable. The company did not disclose that on a quarterly basis. We're still reviewing now which operational metrics will be the most useful for investors as we continue to deep dive into growth opportunities. Definitely, through the adoption of the membership, the engagement with the user base, the increase of value added to the consumer, so more identity protection, more privacy protection, we do expect that we have opportunities for improving those retention rates. But we're obviously not giving you any either forecast or any number for the future.
Vincent Pilette: So you wanted the range, you mentioned? So we put already 4 or 5 campuses that we had for sales. At this point in time, it's the majority of the $1 billion we estimated. And we'll try to get the best price possible. If we have an update, we'll give it to you.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So we're not ruling out any opportunities for growth as we have a unique position. I would say today, we're really focusing on executing on our plans, eliminating the stranded costs, building the operational muscles in the Consumer business to shift from maximizing profit to really focusing on growth. We felt that the first investment to return to organic growth was to increase our direct marketing investment programs. That was the most urgent thing to do with the more immediate returns. The next view is really driving -- or going to drive the operational efficiencies, and we're redirecting some of those savings more into the R&D, and overall, building the products. And then at the right time, when we have the right operational cadence, we can always have tuck-in acquisitions, either as a function we add on as a trade-off of our R&D budget or because we want to add more subscribers into our overall offerings.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, absolutely. So this is a subscription business, right, a 12-month subscription business, where a lot of the revenue in the quarter is coming off the balance sheet from those revenues rolling off and a minority of the revenue coming from bookings in period revenue. If you look at the bookings for the last 4 quarters, excluding the extra week last quarter, they had a decline, a negative growth. And currently, the revenue coming from those prior quarters' negative booking growth is impacting the revenue. As you mentioned, the more positive forward-looking metric is bookings growth, which was low single digit in this quarter, and we forecast the same for the following quarter. And secondly, the stabilization of the customer count, which will continue as we continue to invest in direct marketing. It will take a few quarters to flush through that balance sheet adjustment, if you want. And as I mentioned that after the transition period, we should be able to be in a business, that 50% operating margin, delivering $1.50 and growing low single digits.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you very much. I appreciate you attending the call. We'll do our best to continue to update you on our progress. And with that, I would like to close the call. Thank you.
Samir Kapuria: Thank you, Vincent. In April, we launched our Norton 360 membership plans in the U.S., Canada, U.K. and Germany. The memberships offer different levels of coverage of device protection, online privacy enablement, dark web monitoring and identity protection. In the second quarter, we further expanded our Norton 360 memberships in EMEA and APJ, including Spain, 6 Scandinavian countries and Japan. In the third quarter, we are targeting additional countries in EMEA and Asia Pacific and Latin America. This membership strategy allows us to increase value by offering a broader set of cyber safety products to consumers.  In the second quarter, we saw stabilization in the declines of our ending direct customer count of 20.1 million, which were flat sequentially and down 3% year-over-year. Over the last 2 quarters, we've increased our spending in direct customer acquisition marketing program in order to capture our longer-term growth opportunities. Average revenue per user, or ARPU, increased to $8.88 per month, up 1% sequentially and 2% year-over-year. We also protect millions of indirect users through our partnership relationships. In the second quarter, our partner revenue was up 2% year-over-year.  The foundation of our Consumer Cyber Safety strategy is to offer solutions that will protect all areas of consumers' online lives. Our offerings cover devices, identity, privacy and home and family. We created the Consumer Cyber Safety category with the acquisition of LifeLock in 2017. And going forward, as Norton LifeLock, with a singular focus, we will continue to be an industry leader through operational excellence and innovation.  Cyber risk is an expanding concern for everyone globally, and our team is constantly identifying new ways to provide cyber safety. I'm looking forward to partnering with Vincent, and together, expanding cyber safety to an ever-increasing market.
Samir Kapuria: I think Vincent covered it pretty well. I think the other indicator that we mentioned in our opening remarks is year-over-year, you're seeing a 2% increase in our ARPU, and that's reflected in our conversion of users into the cyber safety membership programs.
Samir Kapuria: Yes. Predominantly, IDA is focused on 2 areas, credit monitoring and fraud monitoring. And both is our very rich data sources, and the business model is to enable those data sources for multiple enterprise customers.
Samir Kapuria: Yes, given where -- that's a great question. Thanks for that. Given our -- being a premium brand with premium products, our initial focus in international expansion has been on the countries I mentioned, and we're targeting similar countries that have the ability to take the full offering of cyber safety at our existing ARPU levels.
Samir Kapuria: Yes. As we roll out our cyber safety programs, both through existing customer base as well as new customers, that ARPU that we're recognizing the 2% year-over-year is reflective of that rollout of the new program. I'd anticipate that as we penetrate more markets and continue to acquire new customers, we're going to see that reflect in our ARPU as well.
Samir Kapuria: Yes. And I think that's the summary right there. It is a separate line that's focused on the Enterprise side of the market that is not part of the Consumer go-to-market play.
Samir Kapuria: Yes. Our focus with our customer base is centered around activating and upgrading the relationship to that complete cyber safety platform across privacy, identity, security, home and family. And as we engage on all of those levels and have a greater relationship with our customers, we become stickier with them. And that's, in essence, the strategy we have.
Samir Kapuria: Yes. We launched our Consumer Cyber Safety platform model with the acquisition of LifeLock in 2017. And since then, we have not provided a breakout of subscribers by each cohort. But as we look into the opportunity we have ahead, we still have a lot of existing customers that we can upgrade and upsell into that Cyber Safety platform.
