Michael A. Brown: Thank you, Thomas. The sale of Veritas delivers an attractive and certain value for shareholders. Importantly, it also helps us simplify the separation process. This transaction is a major milestone for the company and we couldn't have achieved this without the incredible effort and dedication of our employees, who have been working diligently to ensure a successful separation for a year now. Going forward, our balanced capital return policy will also drive long-term value for our shareholders. As a focused cyber security company, we are poised to extend our lead in the security industry. Our robust product pipeline, new product adoption by our global installed base and improving sales force execution make us confident that we'll grow our Enterprise Security business in the second half of fiscal 2016. I couldn't be more excited about our future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Sean to begin taking your questions.
Michael A. Brown: Okay. Well, I think as we've talked about before, we see the consumer business as an integral part of what we're building as the world's largest security company. A lot of threats for consumers, I talked about some of them a few minutes ago. What we feel the Norton product is the premium product in the marketplace, and we see opportunity going forward not only to expand what we're doing for consumers from the standpoint of Internet of Things, but also to use that threat telemetry that we gain, we get threat telemetry from some 65 million consumers to help us with what's happening on the enterprise as well. So the basic endpoint technology that we use is shared across consumer and enterprise, and the threat telemetry is also very important. One of the things that we're seeing in today's environment is that many of our Enterprise customers are interested in Norton capabilities to help protect the folks, their customers, who come to their websites and access corporate data. So we think going forward there's probably a lot more opportunity for the Norton business and the Enterprise Security business to be working together.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. Let's both tackle this. I think, Phil, primarily it's a value equation. We think this is a great deal for the shareholders. Getting the $8 billion price was a critical factor obviously in the decision to sell versus spin. Other things that this does, as I'm sure you're aware of, is this provides certainty for shareholders as to the value rather than the ongoing execution and market risk associated with a public offering that would be later in time. And from the standpoint of separation, it really simplifies the separation process and de-risks that. There are some synergies, or dis-synergies, I should say, that we avoid by not having to stand up Veritas as a public company. So I think when you put that entire equation together, we feel very good about what this does for shareholders, especially combined with our return of capital to shareholders as we described through maintaining the dividends and the increased authorization that we have to buy up to $2.6 billion worth of stock.
Michael A. Brown: Yes. I would say that our posture towards M&A really remains unchanged, and nothing changes especially as a result of the sale itself. So, as we've talked about before, and covered I think in depth at Financial Analyst Day, there are tremendous opportunities in the security space today. It continues to be fragmented. We feel like we've got a great strategy to pursue, the unified security strategy. I talked about the elements in today's call. So, we're continuing to look at opportunities that tightly align with that strategy. So, we're pretty focused as it relates to potential M&A, as opposed to looking at everything that's happening in security. So, we're looking for opportunities that would accelerate that strategy. So this, obviously this transaction gives us a lot of financial flexibility, but the key for us is making sure that what we do not only is tightly aligned with a strategy, but also make sense financially in terms of providing a return over a reasonable timeframe.
Michael A. Brown: Well Jim, we've been clearly focused on this transaction, so that's occupied all of our capacity as it would relate to thinking about investing in other businesses. I think as we look across the Enterprise Security portfolio, as I mentioned, we're pretty excited about the fact that we grew that business on a constant currency basis for the first time in two years. So, even though we have some businesses that are not growing within that portfolio and some not growing as fast as the total, we feel like there's an opportunity with the combined strength of the portfolio to continue to get that moving. And as you know, our guidance for the year is revenue growth of 1% to 6%, and we've already hit the low end of that range in the first quarter. And with the very strong product pipeline that we've got in the second half, we feel very comfortable with that guidance for Enterprise Security.
Michael A. Brown: Okay. Well, I'll start with the Network Security and then we'll fill you in on U.S. cash; Thomas will. So as we've talked about before, there are quite a few players that are pretty entrenched in Network Security, and we don't believe that the right move for us next is to offer a product there to compete head-on with the Palo Alto Networks or Cisco. In fact, we very much appreciate the partnerships that we have there that we've talked about that really add to what we are offering with our ATP modules. So it's not an area that we're looking at, that's certainly not tightly aligned with the strategy that we've outlined. And I'd say further, we are seeing a lessening of the importance of the perimeter, which also affects our thinking on Network Security. And what I mean by that is more and more workloads are moving into the cloud, that's the basis for our Information Protection strategy, DLP, Encryption, Identity and Access Management. So we're seeing as more workloads move to the cloud, that doesn't mean there aren't going to be a lot of next-generation firewalls sold, but architectures are changing and we want our strategy to adapt to that.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think in terms of geographical performance, the disappointment that we saw in terms of top line execution pretty much affected all segments of our business; that's new business, renewals and across the geographies. So that was an indication to us that this really is a short-term execution issue as opposed to something that is going to be problematic in one particular part of the business. As it relates to our geographic performance, I think that we had, frankly, a relatively stronger performance in the APJ region and to a lesser extent, Europe. So we feel like those businesses were performing fine for us. We just need to execute better in Q2 and we believe we will. As it relates to regulatory changes that might occur, yes, those can potentially be a stimulus for the business. But in general we do not favor regulatory changes that create mandatory responses. What's going on in the threat environment is so complex it's pretty difficult to prescribe something that works in every situation. So we would prefer that there'd be flexibility in terms of the regulatory environment so that we can adapt to threats more rapidly and create the right response for customers depending on the situation.
Michael A. Brown: Well, I think it could. So separate from regulation, clearly there's a need for the federal government to improve its security posture. And of course the breach we saw with Office of Personnel Management is a perfect example of that. So that's a very important vertical for us. We have quite a few dedicated folks not only working on federal opportunities but also security for state and local governments as well. So, very important vertical. That's been a real highlight for us in FY 2015 and we expect that to be part of the growth that we're seeing in Enterprise Security in the second half.
Michael A. Brown: Sure, happy to. Yes, we decided that what made sense for us in terms of launching ATP and as you know Network and Email are out today with our Endpoint product really in beta but coming in the September quarter. We decided what made sense is that kind of a controlled availability that would allow us to work very closely with some key customers upfront and make sure they were getting the value from the product. And that's been a very successful strategy for us. Not only have our customers seen that we have a higher efficacy rate relative to what they have with ATP solutions in place today, meaning we're finding more things than some of the ATP solutions that have been in the market. But a good portion of those customers have now moved from that controlled availability into production. So we expect that when we get the full power of the solution, which will include the Endpoint module, we'll really be capturing a lot more of the threats and helping customers to prioritize those relative to what they have with the technology that they have today. So I think the key advantages, as we've talked about, Pat, are the ability to prioritize incidents rather than just flood security up with lots of alerts, the fact that we're doing a lot of our detection from the cloud. Our payload detonation is cloud-based, and therefore, we do not need to sell customers an expensive appliance for them to have Advanced Threat Protection capability. And then most importantly, the ability to correlate what they're seeing in their own environment with the unified security analytics platform, which gives access to all of that threat telemetry that we see at Symantec. So we think those three advantages are absolutely critical and really resonating with customers.
Michael A. Brown: Yes. Well, I think we've clearly experienced that in this first quarter. And as we talked about, it was more disruptive than we probably had predicted. We believe that that really is behind us at this point. So you can imagine the process as someone gets a new territory or slightly new territory. There's new accounts, there's new pipeline for them to manage, and, of course, it's a new management chain for them to get comfortable with as well. It did affect a majority of the sales territories, which is why the disruption was extensive, and you see that in our top line performance. We do not believe Q1 is indicative of what we can do as a company in terms of our top line performance. But that transition is now behind us. It began really beginning of April, April 1. So as folks move into their second quarter, we believe that is behind us. And folks now are managing their own pipeline, the management structure and territories, quotas, all in place now for the second quarter.
Michael A. Brown: The separation, the sales force transition and the due diligence process for the sale of Veritas which Thomas was referring to.
Michael A. Brown: Well, the conversion rate is pretty high to subscription, so we're finding that that's around 90%. So obviously there's some fallout, but we're very pleased with the conversion to subscription, and we think that as people move to a subscription, obviously their lifetime value as a customer increases. We're probably about halfway through that transition worldwide. That transition began for us in December of last year for our North American customers. So, obviously we lap that as we get to this December quarter, and that started for our international customers in the last quarter. So we have some ways to go to get everyone on a subscription basis, but you can see that will be coming within the next 12 months.
Michael A. Brown: Yes. We're very excited, Daniel, about what we see. Obviously, being a focused security company now, it's really about how do we continue to make progress on the consumer business. We've seen that a lot of the fundamentals are improving. Now having actually gone through the transition of shedding the unprofitable revenue, we're focused now from a consumer standpoint on online acquisition. And also the relationships we have with major telcos. So as we've talked about before, there's an opportunity to partner with major telcos and cable companies. So Comcast, Deutsche Telekom, SoftBank; we talked about, América Móvil in Latin America. So the partnering we're doing there plus what we're changing in terms of the way we're attracting consumers gives us not only a more profitable business going forward, but one that in the future as we expand to Internet of Things and other opportunities there, gives us an opportunity to get that business back to flat if not growing again. And then we combine that with the enterprise space which is already growing as we talked about that business on a constant currency basis growing for the first time in two years, I think speaks to the strength of the products that we have in the portfolio as well as the customer base. So as we look out for the rest of this year, we're very excited about our ATP offerings. We just talked about that with Pat, the fact that we believe we're going to have perhaps the most competitive differentiated ATP offering that puts Symantec into a multi-billion market growing at 40% per year that we've not participated in before and we feel like we've got a great product there. For information protection, our DLP offerings, we're going to continue to make DLP available to protect cloud-based workloads, and our DLP 14 offering really extends DLP capability for cloud workloads. Box, Office 365 we talked about, and we've got plans to expand that further. In addition, a product area that's been weaker for us, endpoint management, is one where we're putting some increased focus as we're going to have a new cloud-based endpoint management product coming later this year, and then unified security analytics platform that underpins this strategy. We're making great progress on that, and some of the applications for that analytics platform are going to be available by the end of the year, which has received tremendous reception from financial services firms. So I'm pretty excited about the portfolio, the progress we're making on the consumer side and the customer reception to the new offerings. So that's what gives us confidence that the second half of fiscal 2016 is going to be some new territory for us as we begin growing this business again.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. Well I think we would also acknowledge that our history has been a bit mixed, but we've had some great acquisitions as well. I'd just point to our Vontu acquisition that brought us DLP that we've created into a flagship product line for Symantec, being a prime example. I'd say the key difference is we started with a strategy here, so the unified security strategy which we've laid out in some detail gives us a very clear roadmap as to where acquisitions can fit in. So while security is such a broad fragmented space, we are not looking at the entire space. We got a question earlier in the call today about network security as an example, so it's not about what do we do to bolt on things in security, it's about how do we accelerate this unified security strategy that we've talked about. That really gives us a great deal of focus in terms of what we're looking for, and it's very important that as we look at potential acquisitions, we see the opportunity to accelerate that company's progress as part of our strategy and that it makes financial sense. Assets in this space are quite expensive, so we need to be very careful and make sure that whatever we look at can really deliver return for shareholders.
Michael A. Brown: Okay. Well, Mike, on the sales force transition, it's very complex from a standpoint of the number of territories that were changed, but it's pretty straightforward from the standpoint of what actually happened. So you can imagine a sales force that is, globally, covering both the Veritas business as well as Symantec Security now having to be completely separated into dedicated capability on sales and marketing, so that on April 1 folks are either working on the Veritas side, on that set of products, or on the Symantec Security side. So you can imagine the number of territories that changed and of course the management structure that was involved there. Quotas that needed to be set, pipeline that needed to be transferred, so a lot of transition activity there in this first quarter. Now as we've talked about before, that is behind us now, so we're not making any changes. People now have some experience with their pipeline, their product lines that they need to be covering. We did pretty extensive training with our sales force to make sure that they could run what we call key sales plays in their areas. So if you're on the Symantec Security side you know that you need to be able to sell DLP for cloud-based applications, the ATP modules and so forth. So we think over a longer period of time we're going to have a more productive, focused sales force; but obviously we didn't see the benefits of that in the first quarter. So I think this is a one-time transition. I think the performance that we saw which reflected some weakness across product lines that had been doing very well, geographies that had been doing well, is further indication that it's a short-term bump in the road for us. So as we look to Q2, we believe we'll recover and get back to our plan. And then as we talked about, there's a great opportunity to be able to see much better performance as we combine the – experienced sales force in their new configuration combined with the new offerings that are coming.
Michael A. Brown: Sure. As we talked about before, we introduced a new channel program last year, and the key elements of that channel program were to focus on those partners who were able to create high value versus high volume. What we mean by that is those who were actually investing in Symantec or Veritas, they were required to get certified in certain product lines so that we had a channel sales force that was focused on what are the key benefits that we're bringing into the marketplace versus just focused on volume and price. And I think that's something that has resonated with the channel partners that we want to continue with going forward. We have gone through a transition now where those partners are getting aligned across the two different businesses, Symantec and Veritas. And I'd say that we have some additional work to do, especially on the security side. If I had to look at the channel programs that we've had, I think they favor the higher value transactions that tended to come with our Veritas portfolio. So we have a little more work to do on the Symantec side in terms of recruiting some additional partners. And in fact, we're intending to fast track about 150 additional partners for the Symantec channel as we continue through the rest of this year. So we're keeping the features of what we did with the new channel program we introduced last year, this focus on high value, the certifications, working with partners who really want to focus on our product line. But as we go forward, there's going to be some change in the configuration of partners on the Symantec Security side to be able to allow us to have the right coverage worldwide with the channel program.
Michael A. Brown: Yes. Your point to what we see as a bright opportunity for us, because there's no question as more workloads move into the cloud, we need to make sure that that data is protected and we know who's accessing that information. So the combination of what we offer with Identity and Access Management, DLP, Encryption and an area that we've also identified, User Behavioral Analytics, really starts to put a full picture together in terms of whose accessing that information, what are they accessing and why are they accessing that. So this space is one that we believe we have the right assets to compete in, and it's an area that we will continue to invest in for the future. We see this as an emerging area that customers are getting increasingly interested in, and it's because of what we've talked about already, the fact that more and more workloads are moving to the cloud, people are accessing that work from outside a corporate perimeter and using mobile devices to get there. So we believe Symantec has some strong assets to play there.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. That's a good question. So our Q2 guidance first of all takes into account a lot of puts and takes as part of the separation process. And we are seeing the coming of the completion of this process. We have the due diligence behind us and the separation of the sales force has also happened. We already have visibility that linearity for the second quarter is a lot better than what we saw in Q1. And given the strong product pipeline, we believe that we have good momentum going into the back half of the year. And we are expecting that the Enterprise Security business will continue and will grow in the second half of 2016, getting us to the guidance that we put out. Maybe for the full year, slightly lower than the midpoint, but we fully expect the momentum on the Enterprise Security side to take us to growth in the second half.
Thomas J. Seifert: I can only underline what Mike said. I think that delivers, that transaction delivers excellent value to the shareholders. And it gives certainty on the valuation. And from the separation perspective, it simplifies things and it's less complex. And this means that both businesses can move on following their dedicated strategies.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. So, you have to understand, we just signed the transaction and as part of our next earnings call, we are going to give guidance on how the balance sheet is going to look like post separation. The historicals are going to change. The balance sheet of the Veritas business is going to move into discontinued operations. And most of the debt is going to remain on the Symantec side. But the details will be forthcoming on our next call.
Thomas J. Seifert: Coming back to the cash, so today about 40% of our cash is domestic, $1.6 billion and $2.3 billion are residing outside of the U.S.
Thomas J. Seifert: And I think it's important to reiterate that it wasn't really one individual thing that caused the disappointment on the execution side. It was the combination and complexity coming off the three things that we tried to juggle in parallel.
Thomas J. Seifert: Well, for next fiscal year meaning fiscal year 2017, we don't expect any additional costs. If I look at what remains to be done for this fiscal year, we said we are going to expect to stay within the cost guidance we gave on the separation side. We're going to have slightly higher CapEx in the second quarter because we now have certainty on what and how we have to separate the two companies in preparation for executing the sale now. I'm confident now with having visibility that for the remainder of the year, we're going to stay slightly below the guidance we previously gave on the CapEx side, so we are not getting to the $400 million we indicated. And beyond that, the separation is going to be completed by the time we end our next fiscal year, so I don't expect any or a lot of trading costs coming from that, to be honest. And as part of us setting guidance for the remainder of the year, we'll make sure that both cash flow guidance as well as CapEx guidance is going to reflect the new structure that Symantec security is going to have moving forward.
Thomas J. Seifert: Well, we always look at opportunities how we can accelerate and improve our margin profile, and that is not going to stop just past the separation. But I think it's also important to realize that moving forward on the Enterprise Security side, we want to grow this business. This is where the primary focus is going to be. We said that on our Analyst Day that second half in 2016 and 2017 will be growth focused, especially for the Enterprise Security business. On the Norton side, we are proud of the Norton team performance and how they have been executing so far already in terms of getting this business and the highly attractive profile from an operating margin perspective.
Thomas J. Seifert: And the deal pipelines for both businesses look strong. So from – you asked for a comment on buying pattern behavior from our customers, we don't see any changes at all, and our customers are more excited working with the two separated entities moving forward.
Thomas J. Seifert: Yes. So we're still making good progress working along the milestones we have outlined. We are not completely done yet. We'll get this done in conjunction with moving what we call into operational separation of the two businesses beginning of October.
