Enrique Salem: So, Todd, as I look at it, if I look at the consumer business, I'm pleased with how we did there. You know, the products are doing great. I mean we're widening our lead there. I mean, 130 awards for the Norton family of products. Clearly, I mean the very best on the market. And so I think we're doing well there. I think that team has put a beta out that is outstanding. I mean the initial review from PC Magazine is probably one of the best reviews I've seen in the last several years if not ever. So, I think that team is executing very, very well. If I turn my attention to the enterprise business for a moment, and I look at large enterprise, I think what I see is our security business specifically end point, the current version of the SEP is doing well. I had a number of displacements in the quarter where we've replaced competitors. And I think that is continuing to do well for us. I think the storage business in large enterprise, specifically we're definitely doing well. The most recent data from IDCU that was published in Q1 showed that we actually gained market share in Q1. That's the IDC data. And I think what we're seeing though is in large enterprise, that a lot of the contracts used to be a three-year kind of deal. We're seeing people buying licenses for one year at a time. And so that's specifically putting pressure on the business. But, I do see that we're performing well in large enterprise around storage. And if I move to the mid market, we shipped SEP small business last quarter. I think that that has been received well by partners. I think there's more work to do in SEP in the SMB segment with the SEP product line to get it into the marketplace, and to drive the adoption. And so, if I continue to see a place where we should see improvement over the next several quarters, it would be in the SMB segments. And that would be a place where I would tell you we've improved what we've got. Now, we've got to go close the business and I think you'll start seeing that results in a ratable nature given what I see the security business's current RevRec policy. So, my sense to it is, the biggest area for improvement that's in our control is in the SMB segment around our SEP offering and I think the products there, I think our partners and the reviews have been good. And now it's a matter of closing the business.
Enrique Salem: I think when you look at our pipelines, I think our pipelines right now, we definitely see the ability to support the guidance that we've given. My sense, Sarah, is as I look at IT spending, I do think people are still looking for the short term ROIs. I don't think that that's changed in anything that I've seen in demand. I do believe that at least in some of the discussions I've had, that we will see a year end budget flush. How meaningful it will be is yet to be determined, but I do see some strength going into the back half of the year. But again, I'm comfortable with where our pipe lines are right now for the current guidance that we've given.
Enrique Salem: So, Kash, on the first question, I would say roughly about 40% of the security and compliance segment is in the SMB. That's a rough number, and that will vary quarter-to-quarter. I think your comment is right on the storage and what we're seeing from a specifically kind of server sales, and how much incremental new demand is in the marketplace. I also think that in those agreements, customers historically, and when I say historically, prior to the last several quarters, had bought new licenses that were let's say for a three-year period. So, let's say that they were buying 1,000 new servers a year, they buy 1,000 agents for each of those second and third years. What they're doing now is they're saying I'm buying the agents for the current year and what I'm confident I'm going to deploy. So, that's the distinction that I think we're seeing in the difference. I think as far as demand, look, I think that as I talk to IT buyers around the world, they are definitely are interested in what we're selling. There's definitely demand. And I think that there is probably more confidence on the buying side. I think calendar Q1 was a quarter where we definitely saw buyers being a little bit more anxious. I think they have become a little more confident in the ability of their businesses to perform. I think there's definitely continued interest in both the secure and storage businesses. So, maybe that's what you're seeing or picking is that there is a little more confident in the buyer than we have probably seen in the first two quarters of the calendar year.
Enrique Salem: There's two components to it. I think you definitely hit, I think it is true. The expense structure will be nearly comparable. But, also you get a little bit less revenue yield, because you're basically saying you get the revenue for one year instead of getting revenue for years two and three. Because the way revenue recognition works is that if you get paid for the licenses, so let's say I buy the 3,000 agents for the three years, the 1,000 for each year, if that gets paid up-front, which is how customers have typically done it, we recognize that revenue in period. And so what it does is this effect of what we're seeing is the expense side of it is pretty comparable, and maybe a little bit different on commissions, as you said. But, the amount of license revenue in period is going to be a little bit lower.
Enrique Salem: There are differences in what we pay ultimately and it varies not only by license versus maintenance, it also varies on what we do per segment. So, there is definitely differences. So, if there's something there that we should dig into on the statement we made, we'll look back at that but there are definitely differences.
Enrique Salem: We spend time, analyzing what were all of the different dimensions of the business by product line, by segment. And I do think, as we look at the current environment, I don't expect that people are going to start buying years two and three again any time soon. I just don't think that's going to be a big change. And so that's one thing I would tell you that I think will be consistent probably through this year. And maybe we'll see a little difference in December. But in general, I don't expect to see a change there in the September the quarter, because they're going to do what they did in June as far as the term of the agreement
Enrique Salem: I think you're on the right point. I think we've got to see the SMB segment improve and I think in my earlier comments is that there is that there is a ratable nature to securities. So, as we start booking business in security, you'll see that in revenue over a period of time. I think that the other thing that is important for us to continue to do, to drive new license is we've got to do a better job, in my opinion, of cross selling the portfolio. We're in every major account in the world and we've got to get more of the portfolio and so that speaks specifically to one of the priorities that I've set for our team, which is on the integration of our technologies, and so how do we bring Enterprise Vault and Net Backup together. How do we bring Enterprise Vault and Backup Exec together. Because, what that does is we can go back into the base and sell those products. And so my sense, at this point, is the thing that's going to help us drive improved license is more work in the SMB segment and better cross selling.
Enrique Salem: I think that we're always look at what improvements we need to make and in the large enterprise, and the biggest customers in the world, we tend to really believe that you've got to have one account manager that's trying to work across the organization. That doesn't mean that there isn't an opportunity for - you called it splitting lanes, but having a group of people who just focus on security and a group of people that focus on storage. And so we're always looking at that. We've actually done a couple of tests recently that we've started to see if there is some improvements in overall sales productivity. But, it's something that we've done in very small areas. It is going to take us a little longer to determine if that yields inefficiency. So, I wouldn't expect anything like that as far as a change in this fiscal year, because these are the kinds of things that we have to measure very carefully. But, you're on the right theme, which is we're going to focus on how do we improve overall productivity at the company and how do we improve productivity in our sales and marketing functions.
Enrique Salem: So, Rob, I think at this point we absolutely believe that our goal as stated is 100 basis points of margin improvement per year. This year, I think you said it correctly, is that we're looking at a little bit different environment, and so the notion of 500 base points over a five-year period, starting from where we have currently set the expectations is what you should expect.
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I think when you think about the linearity, this quarter tends to be fairly weighted toward the month of September, because specifically in Europe, you get significant holidays in both July and August.
Enrique Salem: You know, Rob, the field hasn't commented on that. We're prepared for the Windows 7 migration. But, I don't expect that to start until potentially a few months after the initial release. What I'm hearing from a few customers is the concept that they may not wait for Service Pack 1 and given the work that we've done historically with our Altiris technology, I actually expect us to be able to be in a great position to help customers with that migration. Rob, I just want to go back on the first question you asked, just to make sure I'm clear is we're still saying that we're looking to drive 100 basis points of margin improvement on average over a five-year period, starting from this new reset point. And while this year, we're at the new levels that James described, that's our long-term goal.
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I think when I look at it, you've got the - U.K. as a very financial services dominated market and so I think that that's going to continue to be a difficult market. I've also seen outside of Europe, seen some weakness in Japan. That market has been fairly sluggish and I don't know how quickly that's going to turn around. But, I think the U.K. definitely will continue to be financial service driven and that market is not as healthy as we've seen in the past. And I think, Germany also has struggled and we'll see how quickly that can turn around.
Enrique Salem: No, I'm pleased with the strength of the maintenance renewals. I think the price points and the actual renewal rate has actually been where I would expect, and has not changed from what we saw 12 months ago or in the June quarter of the previous fiscal year. The specific issue is more on the duration of new contracts.
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I think let me comment on the first. I think that we continue to work on the improvements, Adam, in the consumer business. I mean I think that team is product side strong and you should expect to continue to see us improve, what I would call the overall performance of that business on the financial side. But it is very ratable. So, everything that we do in consumer takes obviously a little bit longer to materialize, but I'm pleased with that performance. I think your comment about operating margins, I think what we're planning for really is the current environment, what you saw in licenses. And we wanted to make sure that we took into account what we saw in the previous quarter.
Enrique Salem: I would say it was a type of both of the businesses. So, we're seeing customers really taking the attitude that they'll spend on what they need for their more immediate needs. That's very much driven by budgetary constraints and those are impacting really all aspects of the IT department.
Enrique Salem: I think when you think about our business, at this point, my expectation is that we are going to see an increasing percentage of our business go through the channel. And that's my expectation, that's the message that we've communicated internally and externally to our partners. And the reason is that given the breadth of our portfolio and some of the things that we are doing at this point, I'm convinced that our partners become increasingly important and that means that we'll see more business going through our channel.
Enrique Salem: I think from a competitive perspective, we're in a good position, I'm very pleased. As I speak with our team, I definitely get the sense that people are very confident in the portfolio. We are seeing license weakness as we've talked about, and it's really driven by the duration of what people are going to buy right now. So, I would say it's best product we've had in a long, long time. And you know, the stop buying storage campaign, which drives sales of our storage resource management tools is building a very good pipeline.
Enrique Salem: Well, clearly, the impact of lower license activity that we've been discussing thus far this afternoon, also feeds through into cash as well. Obviously, cash is always going to be lumpier from one quarter to another. But, as we were mentioning, customers are under their own budgetary constraints and they're buying more for their immediate needs, and so I think there will be a linkage between that thought and cash flow.
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I would say that the March quarter is generally relatively flat versus the December quarter. It's the December quarter where we tend to see a more significant ramp up sequentially, both around top line revenue, around the margin generation capability, therefore as a company the two are clearly very much linked.
Enrique Salem: So, again, margins, I would expect them to be building sequentially between the September and December quarter, and then March to December, much more of a flatter to down. In this last year, we saw down sequentially between December and March, and I wouldn't be surprised to see the same type of pattern this year.
Enrique Salem: Yeah, I think when you look at our business, the position that we have in the information management back-up and recovery is continuing to do well for us. Customers are continuing to move to the disk-based capabilities, our pure disk offering is doing well. We're also seeing that deduplication is very top of mind for customers. The work that we've done to move it closer to what people are trying to back up, so closer to the source, I think is proving to get people very interested in that technology. Now, there is the exact same impact because people buy and customers buy the backup agents and they're buying backup agents for their various servers. And so that definitely has the same impact that we talked about on the storage side.
Enrique Salem: I think that when you look at it across the geographies, I think it was consistent with the last quarter, what we've seen. And you know, my expectation is we're in an upgrade cycle for that product as we go into the integration of some of the archiving capabilities. But, I haven't seen anything that's concerning NBE.
Enrique Salem: Well, maintenance is usually paid for on an annual basis, anyway so nothing really has changed in that regard, and we've been very pleased really with our collection statistics of various credit profiles with our customers. Well, thanks, everybody for joining us on the call today. We've clearly laid the ground work to drive improved execution and we're going to continue to focus on tight expense management. We are excited about the new products that we'll be shipping later this year. And some of the improvements and some of the products specifically are the consumer 2010 products, Backup Exec 2010, NetBackup 7.0 and the Altiris Total Management Suite. I look forward to providing you another progress report next quarter. Thank you very much.
John Difucci - JPMorgan: And just one thing, because on this same subject, a couple of times, both you and James mentioned it. I just want to make sure because it almost sounded like you were paying and talked about maintenance mix and it almost sounded like you were paying similar commission rates on maintenance renewals as new license, and I just want to verify that that's not the case.
John Difucci - JPMorgan: And just one quick follow-up. And it’s surely goes on with a couple of the other questions, too. Because I just want to be clear here. The numbers coming out here really do imply that Symantec hasn't seen a bottom yet, because it looks to me, anyway, on an organic constant currency basis that your growth rates have declined and they continue to decline and they actually continue to whenever yet even looks sort of like it is going to get worse. So, you get a little confidence in it but in fact it is even a little bit worse than that. So, I mean obviously you're trying to do some things to change the operations of the company and improve the efficiencies but we're not seeing that yet either. Just curious, are there some secular issues in some of your businesses that just - I mean you can control some of the things but there's just something you just can't.
John Difucci - JPMorgan: On that one point, because that's important. So that is in the guidance, but it wasn't I guess, in the guidance for the June period you had assume that they were going to continue to buy at I guess longer terms than they actually did.
James Beer: You saw obviously the year-over-year decline on a constant currency 14th week adjusted basis for Storage and Server Management group. A higher proportion of sales in that group tends to come right at quarter end.
James Beer: I just add to the first question, Adam, that the OEM arrangements that we've won in this past quarter that we noted and in the previous quarter as well, we have a very good batting average in the last couple of quarters in particular. They'll start to help us in the back half of this fiscal and then in the first half of the following fiscal year. So, the HP deal continues to perform well for us, obviously they've been taking share from Dell in recent times. And so we, continue to be pleased by the performance of that arrangement and that's been more of a driver of current performance.
James Beer: You're right. We're generally talking about perpetual licenses. There are just in these smaller deals that Enrique has been referring to. They're just fewer of them, and so there's less take in period revenue. License commitments on a per user or a per server basis.
James Beer: There may be some trend towards that but any movement there would be relatively gradual based upon the scale of our overall business.
James Beer: As I look at it, I'm pretty sure that our maintenance agreements around Altiris are consistent with the rest of our business. And so, I don't think I see anything that would indicate that customers would not be on maintenance. Now, we shipped the Client Management Suite and Server Management Suite for Altiris at the end of the March quarter. And so, we're just at the very beginning of what I would call the upgrade cycle to the 7.0 product. The other comment that I made today is that we still got one more component, the suite to ship that will complete the Total Management Suite. And so, my expectation is that we're still just at the beginning of that upgrade cycle.
James Beer: I think that will motivate people to absolutely make sure that they're current and can use the new tools to do the migration.
James Beer: Well, the channel's always been a really important part of our overall distribution picture. And I would characterize what we're really speaking about here as getting back to the type of strength that we had in this domain 12, 18 months ago. So, I don't think that there will necessarily be a material shift around the margin profile of the business overall. I think we can do better in SMB now that we have our new product out there as Enrique said earlier generating very strong reviews, ease of installation is of particularly important aspect for small, medium size businesses, obviously. So, I think we've got some share to win back. We can do that with the new product that we have, and as we build that share, then clearly, that should help our margins to some degree. But, I think we're more returning to where we were in a competitiveness standpoint 18 months ago.
James Beer: I think the way I look at it, and the way we've been thinking about it is we think that there is clearly - our business is seasonally driven into the December quarter and then we go into the March quarter which is our fiscal year end. And so, that's one of the things we're expecting. We're also expecting that the macro economic environment will still see a good year end budget flush, which we saw last year. So, I expect that to happen again.
James Beer: Year-over-year? That would have been of the order of $50 million if I'm remembering that correctly. We can confirm that for you.
