Enrique Salem: So, John, when you look at the Consumer business, I think our products are, again, the best products on the market. We've won over 150 awards for the 2009 products, and the 2010 products we believe are even better given the technology I mentioned that we code named Quorum, which brings in our reputation-based security technology, which is a big differentiator for us. As you know, the new threats are really the zero day attacks, and we think we've got the best solution for that type of attack. That same technology will also become available in our Enterprise products.  So the Consumer segment is doing well, I think, based on the strength of the products themselves, and I think the consumer buying behavior for us has continued to do well over the last several quarters, and I expect that to continue. I think on the Enterprise side you used the word that we've started to see stabilization. I think that's right. I also am pleased with the progress we're making with our new Endpoint security product in the SMB segment. So definitely some positive signs. But the environment still continues to have some folks who are concerned about their IT spending. But overall we're definitely seeing stabilization.
Enrique Salem: When we think about the OEM business, we continue to make sure that we're going to do deals that we feel are profitable and make business sense for us. I think the OEM deals that we did were more focused on the online backup business. The deals with Toshiba and Acer now gives us relationships with four of the top five OEMs, and we're definitely making some very progress there.  I think with regards to NetBackup 6.6 and BSR, the new BackupExec System Recovery, the BSR release is coming out now and so from an impact perspective on the quarter, it's minimal impact.
Enrique Salem: I think that the Sun platform, especially on the RISC side, the Sun RISC processor side, has continued to flatten out is the way I would put it. It's stabilized. I don't know that it's going to turn. I don't expect it to. My expectation is more about what are all the things we can do with our storage business on some of the other platforms and some of our new solutions, like FileStore, and getting on to other platforms like Windows and Linux. So I'm less focused on what's happening with the Sun platform and really looking at how do we move customers and how do we support customers on some of the other platforms.
Enrique Salem: Yes, I think when you look at the move that customers are making from tape-based backup to disc-based backup, there is a meaningful migration and that is absolutely helping the result in the NetBackup business. I think that you've got a modest to much flatter growth rate on the storage foundation side. Now some of the things that we are doing, Sarah, and you'll hear us talk more about this in the coming months is some of the capabilities that we're going to be delivering on the storage foundation Command Central Storage platform integrating some security capabilities. And I think the other thing that's important to note is that with the FileStore technology, I expect that will also help our results on the storage management side.
Enrique Salem: Sure. I think when you look at what's going on in the storage area, our Stop Buying Storage campaign continues to resonate with customers as we help them get much better utilization of their existing storage. And so that bodes well for things like Command Central Storage and some of the other products that we have that help our customers understand storage utilization and how to make improvements.  When you look at the other products in the overall Storage segment, the NetBackup product I think is one that we're continuing to see demand from customers based on the migration from tape to disc-based backup and some of the new capabilities that we are going to be delivering. Now NetBackup, we're expecting that to be shipped in the March quarter and the real impact of that will be in fiscal year '11.  I think when you talk about the sales force and some of the changes we've made and we're continuing to look at, ultimately it really comes down to for me increasing what I would say specialization on areas where we see the biggest opportunities. And so we're continuing to do some of that work right now. We're seeing the first six months of results; we're analyzing it, and you should expect us to continue through this fiscal year to look at what are the benefits of specialization or further specialization on key product areas that we see good growth opportunities. 
Enrique Salem: Well, I can speak to how we look at the deals. We look at the operating margin characteristics of our business, what the growth rate would be from any one transaction, and we also spend time thinking about the customer lifetime value. And what you can always do in a CLV calculation is you can extend the numbers of years that you expect a customer to stay with you.  And so we are always looking at our assumptions, but a lot of the analysis we do is based on that customer lifetime value. I don't like to look at these and extend out the lifetime that we expect a consumer to stay on a particular platform given just some of the dynamics that we've understood in the years we've been in this business. 
Enrique Salem: If you look at some of the bigger wins - I highlighted a couple in my comments; one was a big U.S. telecommunications company - that was a combination of our products where it was the strength of the portfolio. It was products like Control Compliance Suite, Endpoint Security, Managed Security Services, I mean, this was a very large deal where it absolutely was about the strength and breadth of our portfolio, where the CIO, his team presented him with an alternative point security product and he said we're not going to keep doing this, guys; we have to standardize on fewer vendors, standardize on a security partner, and they selected Symantec and went across four or five of our security products in that deal. So it was actually the combination that really clinched that. I think I highlighted deals with the City of Stockholm and others where it's your usual suspects. It's the companies that are in second place and down that we are getting these displacements from right now, and that's really driven by the focus that we have put on the Security business since the beginning of this fiscal year and we're starting to get some traction with displacements, quite frankly, against all of our competitors.
Enrique Salem: We definitely believe that there is an opportunity to charge for the new functionality separately. As you know, many of the things we do on the NetBackup platform are integrating new options and various agents, so we do think that there's an opportunity.  And I think if you look at our message of commoditizing the hardware or the infrastructure, I think that NetBackup 7.0 is going to help us do that because what you're going to get is the ability for us to much more efficiently utilize the existing hardware that you have plus also give you a lot of choice on what storage devices you use in conjunction with NetBackup. So I think this is going to be a release that will not only add the new functionality but accelerate our ability to drive costs out for our customers.
Enrique Salem: I think we've got probably at least one more quarter. We've got to get through December, and it could be all the way through March to really anniversary it. So it could be as much as six months, Heather. 
Enrique Salem: I think when you look at the balance of fiscal '10 and then looking at fiscal '11, I would expect it to be very, very similar to what we're seeing right now. You may towards the end of fiscal year '11 or beginning of fiscal year '12 start seeing an increase, but it's more dependent on the overall IT spending environment. So from a modeling perspective I'd say same for the balance of this year and fiscal year '11.
Enrique Salem: If you think about our business, what we're definitely continuing to see is the growth in the Chinese market. I mean, I just remember a couple short years ago China was smaller than our business in Pacific - in Australia and New Zealand - and now China is rapidly approaching the size of Japan for us on the Enterprise side. So I think a lot of the health of the Asia/Pacific region has been China. 
Enrique Salem: As we think about the business right now, the thing that I'm encouraged by is that we are continuing to have an opportunity to cross-sell our products into the customer base, and we are seeing more and more where customers are saying we're going to do business with less vendors.  And I think that bodes well for Symantec because ultimately, with the richness of our product portfolio and the integration work that we're doing, I've got a sense right now that the DLP product is strengthening our security business because that's having the effect of opening the conversations around what are the risks, what are the threats, and how do we not only sell DLP but then Control Compliance Suite and some of the other products in the Security portfolio, and also pulling in potentially products from the Storage side like Enterprise Vault.  So I think that's going to bode well for the numbers of deals and the size of the deals, and my expectation is, given that this is a fairly large renewal quarter, specifically on the traditional Storage side of the business, I think that'll be a positive for us as we go through the December quarter. 
Enrique Salem: When you're working with a sales force of roughly 4,000 people you do look at how do you get the changes made, get everybody focused on the right product lines, and my sense is that you won't see the effect of the sales force change probably until fiscal year '11. I think it's something that right now we've been looking at districts in various parts of the U.S. and outside the U.S., and so it's going to be a bit more of we'll continue to analyze the benefits of it and the impact will probably be felt in fiscal year '11. 
Enrique Salem: It's absolutely improved. I think the notion here is that many of the deals when we get into the much larger deals that have many products, it really ends up being more we've been selected to be more of a strategic partner/vendor, and then it's a matter of what is the sum total of what the customer is going to be using in the one, two, three-year period. It's less about a point product competition. And that's what I think is the real strength of our portfolio at this point, that we are able to bring a range of products together in some of the larger deals. 
Enrique Salem: Katherine, I'm thinking through. There are absolutely opportunities to continue to drive and manage our cost structure. I don't know of another item that we are currently contemplating of that scale. But on that particular item, that's obviously going well; our tests are going well, and we continue to see some improvements as we can now have direct control of the customer online experience and how we can test various options. But it's early. We've been doing this for less than a month - just a few weeks. But so far so good. 
Enrique Salem: I think it is a relatively smaller part of the overall business, but it does have a lower margin than the premium-priced Norton products.  Now one of the benefits - and I just touched on it, Aaron - was the ecommerce side, where we will get some margin improvement in everything that we do online. And then the other opportunity is clearly to move folks from PC Tools through the range of the Norton products and try to get them up to Norton 360, and that's where we really would get the big payoff - if we can create a great experience for the customer and then upsell them all the way through the product line to 360. 
Enrique Salem: I think when you look at the model, right now what we're trying to do is look at capacity-based pricing for some of our products given the rapid increase in storage and the rapid growth in storage. And so what you're seeing is us absolutely being able to move some customers there. We had a couple of very large deals we did this quarter that moved backup customers to a capacity-based model.  Ultimately, though, you definitely are seeing customers look for cost savings and how they drive more efficiency and basically reduce their cost of infrastructure. I think anything that allows us to help them do that, that is absolutely a positive from a quick benefit or ROI for the customer.
Enrique Salem: It's early. I think it's very early. I think that we've introduced it. We're definitely seeing big deals happen on a capacity model. But we're just at the beginning of that.
Enrique Salem: I think this quarter we saw double-digit growth in the Federal business as it's their fiscal year end. We definitely see opportunity with some of the new initiatives. We've had a number of discussions with the leadership teams across the various agencies, both civilian and non-civilian, and there's a range of things that they're trying to do specifically in the security category where we see a lot of opportunity. I expect that to be something that will develop over the balance of this fiscal year and into fiscal year '11.
Enrique Salem: Well, in conclusion, we're pleased with our execution during the September quarter. In particular, we're pleased with the strength in the Consumer segment and with the initial progress we're seeing in the SMB Security market. That concludes today's call, and I'd like to say thank you to everybody for joining us. I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. Thank you.
James Beer: Just one thing to add to that to build on the cross-selling point that Enrique was making. Obviously, we track our big deals in great detail, and it was interesting to see in this past quarter that for our $1 million and above deals, which we noted were up very nice sequentially, we had 20% of those deals now involving three of our business units on the Enterprise side. So a nice illustration that we're really selling across the portfolio.
James Beer: On the cost side of the equation, quarter-over-quarter the two things that drove the numbers there were foreign exchange and then OEM fees. So those were the drivers.  In terms of the Enterprise sales force, we continue to see improvements in efficiency there. 
James Beer: Well, on the OEM shipments it's hard to say because very much we're driven by the production volume forecasts of our various OEM partners. So that's a tough one to predict. And then in terms of the ecommerce platform, I would expect there to be a couple of cents of dilution in the March quarter for that.
James Beer: Well, that's exactly right. We take the operating expenditure upfront when our OEM partners are shipping the units out of their factories. And, of course, the benefit to us on the top line comes ratably over time, and that's after the customer has physically received the unit and then had the 60 or 90-day trial period. So there is quite a difference between when we recognize the revenue and when we incur the cost upfront.
James Beer: Well, I think that certainly if PC unit shipments continue to grow then it'll be quite a headwind for us in terms of our various other cost reduction activities. Now of course they will continue. We're very much focused on building efficiency.  So as to have we seen some benefit from the slowing of PC shipments in the last year or so? Yes, there have been quarters where that has been the case. I wouldn't say, though, that that has been terribly dramatic in any one quarter. That's why we haven't been particularly calling it out.
James Beer: Well, in terms of cash flow, you've got the period of time that it takes HP to get it out of the factory - that when we pay them and others - to the store itself, and so that could take a month, six weeks perhaps. And then there's a certain amount of time in the store. That's on the order maybe of a few weeks. And then there's the 60 or 90-day, depending upon the deal, trial period. And then it's at that point that the customer purchases the product and we receive the cash.
James Beer: Well, on the outsourcing side we actually have done quite a lot of work over the last year or two on both the IT side of the house and then the back office finance operation-type areas of the business. We're pleased with the financial returns that are coming out of that, but also in terms of the effectiveness of our ability to do our jobs. So that's really been the primary development going in the other direction.
James Beer: Well, we're expecting to see some level of budget flush at the end of December. But we are cognizant, of course, that IT budgets are down this year at our customers versus last year, so we wouldn't expect it to be as great a budget flush as we saw last December. 
James Beer: No, we were pleased by how the deferred revenue came through - very much relative of the strength of the maintenance revenues that we were recording. And the December quarter is obviously a big maintenance renewals quarter, so I would expect to see continued strength on the deferred side of it. As our Security business continues to develop and we believe take share over time, then of course that tends to be more ratable in its nature than does the Storage side of our business. So I think you can expect to see some sort of a shift in the mix, if you will, as a result. 
