VincentPilette: Yes, I can talk about capital allocation. But first, let me talk about the overall strategy moving forward is really about investing into innovation, bring more product to redefine cybersafety, investing, Natalie talked about marketing, but broadly define investing in the more solid go-to-market model. We know that this market is still vastly underpenetrated when you take a broad definition of cybersafety and reaching out to our customers is very important. We said it at the Analyst Day, we are operating management team that creates levers within the P&L. So we’re improving capacity to drive more innovations, more productivity there, more marketing spend but we are also using all levers of our business, including the balance sheet and there you talk about the capital allocation. It's not rocket science. There are really 3 areas we use capital for. One is for inorganic investments, and we talk about M&A and all capitalized investment. The other one is buyback and the other one is dividend. And we use all three in a balanced way. Now when we talk about balanced way, it doesn’t mean that every quarter it will be balanced. Also last year it was sort of exactly a 1/3, a 1/3, a 1/3 but we will take a very long-term view of our business when it comes to investment and use of cash.
VincentPilette: So to be very clear, right, so we are under strict rules, we cannot talk about specific case and I want to make sure we follow all the rules, including the UK rules considering the -- one of the cases I think, as you know. So I'll remind you what we said in May in terms of the broad business, we talked about our long-term aspirational view and we said that we have multiple levers at a high level split between business growth, efficiencies and then use of capital. And use of capital, we talk about just the capital allocation model, which has two-prong, the buyback and the M&A. And we said that the way we manage the business in the long term, all of those levers should be contributors to our long-term aspiration.  When we think about more tactical capital or capital structure, we look at again, thereto at all levers, all possible with our long-term ambition goal in mind to make sure we achieve those. And I'll leave it at that, and hopefully, you understand that we are under strict rules we intend to respectfully.
VincentPilette: 100%. So Symantec kind of almost owned the majority of those channels in the past decade ago or 5, 6, 7 years ago. Those relationships had long tail, and we still have a little bit of those into our business today. As you know, the economic on a long-term basis take a 7-year or 10-year view, requires more investment upfront and then profitability over time as your total customer value has a long tail 6, 7 years. So that's how it works. When Symantec decided to really focus on maximizing the profit of the consumer division to fund their enterprise turnaround, they made certain decisions. When we became NortonLifeLock, 100% focused on consumers, really maximizing the protection for digital lives of every consumers connected to the Internet. We said, and I'll confirm that today, we look at always to reach the customers, all go-to-market channels. It's just they have to make sense financially in the short, mid or long-term view and we'll go and develop the best, most diversified distribution channel for reaching all those consumers, creating the awareness and fulfilling the demand.  As part of that, I also said we don't have anything that we want to exclude from and obviously, relationship with PC manufacturers, although we are focused on the user experience and the Internet and the cloud, digital lives is one of the ways that could be favorable. And so the relationship we announced with Lenovo or the few remaining relationship we have in our current distribution channel are important, and we'll continue to look at creating capacity in our P&L to go and develop all channels, if you want, to go to consumers.
VincentPilette: Yes. Fairly good. So you point on the -- and I'm sure Saket meant them behind his questions, which is, this is the first full quarter where you're leaping the first big growth that we had as we entered the COVID locked-in periods last year, as you remember, starting in March, but really impacting this quarter. So it's the first time we have 3 months, a full quarter of 12 months looking back and a lot of investors and a lot of people were wondering, were we going to be able to maintain a customer count growth. And we definitely have seen the impact of a lower quarter Q1, as you know, when in summer, people get out and they're less into their digital lives. But I think the progress we've made in expanding the need for cybersafety platform, which is different than just a PC antivirus, if you want, has shown, and we were able to maintain not only a year-over-year growth but a sequential growth, which is pretty extraordinary continued in Q1, but Q4 is a big quarter with the tax quarter and then normally Q1 sequentially is down and we're able to grow it.  So we’ve very happy by the results, as Natalie mentioned, it's in line to what we had embedded into our guidance. So we are on plan and put a big deposit into our full year plan.  The second question I get from investors is those people or those customers that signed in for the first time during the COVID period, are they going to renew at the same level? And what we have seen in now 4 months looking back March to end of June, we've seen very stable renewal rates. Now they are first year renewal rates so that are lower than average 85% but the first year renewal rates a year ago, 2 years ago, are in line to what we saw this quarter. We believe it's an opportunity to improve retention rate by specific -- or driving specific operational initiatives around the first year cohort and customer satisfaction and experience. But we have not seen a change in behavior with what some of you may have called the COVID cohort, if you want.  The third question I get is around Avira. Avira was slightly below in their retention rate, below our average Norton customers, but not that far behind. And despite the addition of a little bit less than 2 million Avira customers, we've seen an overall retention rate for our business that maintained around 85%. And I have more details and we've not made them public for obvious reasons, but I have more details, and I can tell you that we’ve improved on every line and Avira too continues to have a solid -- although small incrementally a solid performance on both acquisition and retention. In addition, they have a third dimension we are learning or we're building is really the free to paid conversion and we've redeployed some of our marketing capacity and capabilities to drive and increase that conversion rate as well. So we're very pleased by the performance of all of our lines of businesses.
VincentPilette: Yes. As we mentioned last quarter, the Avira ARPU was roughly half of our Norton ARPU, more focused, of course, on the security. And so it lowered our aggregated ARPU that was at $9.10 before the acquisition to $8.80 when you take the aggregate by the pure fact of adding new customers that only had exposure to security plus a few other products, but didn't have exposure to a full cybersafety platform. And from here, we continue to see good traction on ARPU.  Now as you know, as we continue to acquire new customers and be a net grower overall, the first year ARPU is lower than the multiyear. And so the headwind from that first year cohort growing is then offset by the slight but consistent and incremental improvement from the Norton 360 and the upselling to the portfolio.
VincentPilette: So I just want to be clear when you call dip and every time and see that, I want to be sure we qualify it correctly. Last year -- yes, last year, we grew sequentially between 100,000 net new customers to 400,000 net new customer depending on the quarter. We also know that Q1 and Q2 had a seasonally low quarter on a sequential basis, and then Q3 is more security driven and Q4 is a tax identity-driven quarter. And so growing 150,000 a quarter, while it's less than Q4, of course, of last quarter, it is a very strong performance in a first seasonally low quarter sequential net customer adds. So it's right on our plan. It's right on our short-term and long-term commitments. Do we -- would we want to have a higher awareness and penetrate faster? Of course, but we feel pretty good about that plan. What is the impact of the COVID or post COVID market opening versus the normal effect of more people being in summertime on vacation, they’re mounting on the beach and less on their digital life? That we cannot say. And I think it will always be a business that in the winter is a bit more dominant than it is in the summer.
VincentPilette: Yes. And for those of you from NortonLifeLock that are listening, I want to thank you for driving a spirit of growth. I can tell you since we became NortonLifeLock, we told everyone, look, the opportunity also we committed to a mid-single-digit is much bigger than that. Look at the underpenetrated market. It is a business that had not been invested enough in the past as they shifted from partnership, the OEM mainly into direct-to-customer and build a very strong direct-to-consumer engine. We said it will be much more diversified and go in every area. There is no one salesperson within our go-to-market that doesn't come during our weekly or monthly reviews and say I have a new idea, should we invest in that. And Natalie and I are going through the review, look at the investment and decide to invest. We have increased our sales capacity in a few of the channels. I mentioned a quarter or 2 quarters ago, our employee benefit channel that has been growing double-digit and we continue to build that up. Mentioned, of course, the OEM is still small, but we can do more. We have our xSP business that continue to grow. And then Natalie mentioned that between online and physical retail balancing it and really strategically moving through the different opportunities by local market has always been an effort.  Recently, a few months ago, we also started a country-by-country strategy that look at all of our different channels, if you want, in trying to balance our investment in a coordinated way at the local level, and that also is bearing its fruits. You should see us continue to invest in our GTM organization.
VincentPilette: I think the latter part of your question is the right one. I still get the question around competition and is it like McAfee or Microsoft on antivirus? And what is -- we see the market cyber safety as much more broad. Antivirus almost being kind of a free or commoditized product and building up the cyber safety platform around identity, around privacy, around new digital services, if you want, is really where we see the demand. And in Europe is definitely driven by new concerns around identity and privacy. We introduced monitoring in many of those countries. We are trying to build a richer portfolio around Norton identity for all of those customers. And you touched, the opportunity to cross-sell currently strong focus on identity into an Avira freemium installed base is a huge potential. It won't happen over 1 quarter. Need multi-quarters to build that offering and drive that awareness and then that conversion. But it's a huge opportunity for us, for sure.
