Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, thanks. I think the fundamentals of it is that we are involved in larger more complex platform deals with our Enterprise customers and did a size of these transactions that generally require a little ore approval cycle. And as a result we believe our sales cycles, these types of deals are getting longer. And that's also in general, a majority of our business closes in the last three weeks of the quarter. And while we've seen this trend in larger deals for some time, it was more pronounced in Q1 and more broadly. And we think it will continue. And as such we have reflected that in our forward comments. I think that's pretty much it.
Gregory S. Clark: So I can maybe add just a little bit more on that, it's Greg here. We did have a slip of business in the quarter, which we talk about and the ratio between the renewal business and the new business is important in the quarter duration calculation. Maintenance business is in the majority a shorter duration as we talked about. But I'd like to give you some color on the quantity of the effect of the Q1 billings message which will help you. The billings – sounds large in the context of the full year. It is regrettable but manageable and here are some insights. Last year the implied billings was $2.9 billion excluding the WSS/PKI business that we divested to DigiCert and in this context, the $110 million decrease from the prior year in Q1 is approximately 3.8% of the fiscal year 2018 full year implied billings number. Translating that into revenue the missing Q1 billings represents approximately $60 million of revenue in FY 2019 that comes off the deferred waterfall. So the $110 million is a number that we're not at all happy with but we think that we have more opportunity based on the sales capacity and expect that we can execute better in the future quarters. I just want to make sure we will cover some of the context in the quantity of what was slipped in Q1. And the majority of that slip would be new deals as Nick mentioned, which would have a longer contract duration and therefore – the 16-month duration that we expected had we have closed those transactions would be a longer duration.
Gregory S. Clark: So I do think it was more broad based, but let me give you some comments. We still see a very healthy outlook on our web security stack and that's where our Cloud Access Broker, Cloud Proxies, our Data Protection that's helping clean up compliance problems at existing cloud applications. That is a very strong business segment for us. And we compete very well there. There are a lot of – a lot of business comes to market in a point solution fashion. People looking for Cloud Access, broker that are looking for Cloud Proxy. They're looking for an Endpoint EDR solution but takes us – we compete very well there. As you know we lead the market in Endpoint. Gartner rated us as number one on both vision and execution in the recent Magic Quadrant. Our Cloud Access partners are arguably leading in the market. So we have very good point solution products but when we get in there and we talk to customers about purchasing these things pre-integrated, we're displacing multiple products and that can take longer. And so we do what we do experience longer sales cycles than we expected. And in addition, keep in mind that the majority of our high-end Enterprise business closes in the last three weeks of the quarter. So that's some more color there. So we do have – I think we have excellent products in a point solution fashion. We have extremely powerful value propositions when they are integrated but when they are integrated the sales cycle is much longer.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah. No, thank you for the question Melissa. I think we've taken a good look at the business that we're expecting to close that moved out of the quarter and we have closed a number of those transactions since the end of the quarter. And we do feel that our competitive stance in the market is still very viable.
Gregory S. Clark: Again as you know, we can't comment on the investigation. I would say that Q1 had some negative press in the market during the quarter.
Gregory S. Clark: So I think as we look at our maintenance opportunity that we look at it in a way into the quarter and how we've come out. In the past quarters that has been where we expected it to be within some small variances. So I don't feel we have a renewal problem in our forecast. Going to win rates, I think we compete very well in a lot of what I would consider the open wallet right now. As people are trying to get their cloud application use under compliance, they know where the PII is. They know all the issues they have to deal with to handle GDPR and all this kind of stuff. We are doing well in that area. And I think if you take a look at the quantity of business that was delivered in Q3 and Q4, a good chunk of it is in those adjacencies to many of our traditional products that are really driving into that cloud are, so we feel good about that. On Endpoint, I think we have, as I mentioned, SEP 14.1 closed a bunch of the EDI gaps in the Endpoint market, and we were very proud of our results in the Gartner Magic Quadrant, which came out earlier this year, and we were the leader in that analysis. And I think that has been well received. And so I think we characterized the miss in Q1, and I think correctly, as a slip of business, not a meltdown from a competitive loss situation.
Gregory S. Clark: I think we had unplanned performance, as we mentioned here, essentially across the EMEA territory and also APAC, which I think is good news. That was predictable and performed as expected. In North America, we do see larger transactions to North America, and we see a more – when we have a multi-product transaction, as I commented on before, and there are multiple point products involved in that procurement, we just are seeing those things taking longer to get through the sales cycle than we originally planned. And we do have a relatively – in our pipeline, larger deals are becoming more frequent as we continue to integrate the point products into better solutions. We're seeing those deals becoming larger and taking longer. In addition, I think the contracts that all of the industry are seeing right now have some more discussions around data privacy and then where they're cloud oriented, making sure that it takes longer to work through things like the GDPR language in contracts these days than it did a year ago. And so there are some other environmental effects that are happening in the negotiation of some of these larger transactions.
Gregory S. Clark: I think the network solution that we sell to customers now are a combination of Blue Coat and Symantec products. They also intersect cloud-delivered products such as our Cloud Access Broker as a part of that discussion. That product transition cycle is still underway, and there's still an opportunity in front of us. We completed a bunch of it and there's a bunch of it still to go. As I stated in the script, there's a great example of a Blue Coat refresh that went on in one of the examples I gave on the script that that subsequent quarter has ended up in a substantial eight-figure integrated cyber defense sale into that organization. So I think we do have the industry logic how the Blue Coat and Symantec acquisition is panning out and it is driving opportunity for substantial cross-sell. As we mentioned in the past there is a mixed discussion in the Blue Coat refresh and it does have a lot more ratability and the statements we've made in the past about how we expect that to become more and more ratable over time still hold.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah, go ahead. The other question you asked Brad and thanks for the question is what it's like on the mix. We offer people a bundled offering inventory now. We want to sell you an integrated Digital Safety package where you your Norton and your LifeLock for one fee. That was pretty much the premise behind the – our business case and the acquisition that we could renew the Norton installed based up into that offering and I think we're tracking our business based on that cross sell.
Gregory S. Clark: Yes, so we feel very good about our go forward pipeline Walter. I think as we look through FY 2019 and the quarters ahead you'll see that they are – pretty healthy expectations on the sales force. So we do like our pipe. What we're actually finding coming out of Q1 is some of those deals are taking longer than we thought. So we like the outlook for the rest of 2019. I think you'll see that there are some nice quarters in there like there was in Q3 and Q4 of last year. We think we have the tenured sales capacity on board to deliver it. And we think the market environment is there. What we're flagging is we got some sales cycle and so we're taking that into consideration in our guidance and taking things down accordingly.
Gregory S. Clark: Consumer is a tight range. And obviously, we're doing better than that in terms of the numbers we're putting up and then Greg just talked about the margin.
Gregory S. Clark: Yeah. I think Walter, if you think about what happens – the kind of revenue guidance we put up for 2019 at the deferred revenue and what we now in ASC 606 language call contract obligation we have to get on that language now moving forward. So contract obligations means deferred revenue in ASC 605. So as we go and deliver those revenue quarters in our second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter, we are building substantial deferred revenue balance sheet going forward. And as that rolls off, we do get a big benefit in 2020, helps the margins. And of course, it helps the revenue. And we feel like that is, we've got to hit the second half, but when we do hit the second half that's what 2020 would look like.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yeah. So, Gabriela, thanks for the question. So, when we look at Q1 we're looking at what did we expect in ratable business? What did we expect in duration, et cetera? In terms of the results here we have, in essence, built this expectation of elongated cycles in until we see something else. So that's how we've looked at our guide. That's how we thought about or how we're thinking about implied billings for the year. But at the same time, how we're in essence reiterating or rebuilding our view on our FY 2020 outlook.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Thanks Saket. So let me maybe first recap on the expectations coming into Q1. So I'm going to dial back to May and where we expected that we would be on an increasing contract duration across the year including Q1 where we indicated that we would have a continued shift to ratable business and in fact talked about a pretty meaningful shift expected for Q1. We referenced that Q4 alone was over 80% ratable. And then we expected the implied billings growth rate to improve over the course of the year. And where we are today, if I were to kind of reconcile that to today, the duration in Q1 was 16.5 months versus 15.5 months in Q1 a year-ago and it was 18.5 months in Q4. So obviously, shorter duration and shorter duration than we had expected in our original view that we would have increasing contract duration from that Q4 number. Some of that's mix of business. That's just going to be mix of business and less transactions, less of those larger cross-sell transactions at the end of the quarter changes the mix between what was new big cross-sell longer term 36 months term as we talked about type of transactions versus renewals as an example, which is generally one-year type of transactions. So that's going to be in the math here. And so you have to think about Q1 as a combination of duration's piece, but the percent ratable business is a piece. So we expected it was going to be well over the 80% range, it was not. So that's going to roll into the mix as well in Q1. And then finally the implied billings that we've talked about that impacts revenue for the rest of the year. So I've kind of given you maybe a full reconciliation of a set of things trying to go back to May versus today on duration. And certainly ratable business, which is a bookings concept, which is an ASC 605 concept, but that's probably the best way to give you a perspective on the quarter.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Sure. Hi, Fatima. So a couple of things for you, and I think it's probably important to walk through. So first of all, I would look at this as separate and distinct from the set of cost savings and integration cost savings that have happened over the last couple of years. We feel very good about the progress that was made and the completion of those. And we talked about those on last – probably Q2 last year in terms of really bringing those to conclusion. We also indicated though when we announced the transaction on website security PKI that we were going to have a set of remaining stranded costs here and indicated that as we came out of the period of supporting over 100 TSAs, we were going to have to address those stranded costs. And I give that to you as an example of what we're looking at. So this is a combination of, there are areas here where we can focus the business frankly for better return on a set of things, but there's also a set of stranded and other costs that we think are absolutely appropriate to be going after. The net of it all is when we talk about mid-30s margin in fiscal year 2020, we are being proactive and taking proactive steps, not only in terms of setting up the top line of the business, but also the cost structure to achieve those target.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Sure. So a couple of things here. So we've given you a high level view of cash restructuring from fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2019. And on the last quarter set of calls we said that those costs would be similar year-on-year but then declining pretty dramatically after that because the P&L would be coming down. We're talking about a $50 million charge here that we believe that basically most of the charge and most of the cash will be an FY 2019 event. Obviously the timing of the cash can always depend on sets of, in this case, severance actions. But the overall as we made comments on the overall trajectory of cash flow or cash outflows for restructuring in those, that trajectory is still the case with pretty flat between fiscal year 2018 and 2019 was the prior statement. Obviously, we have a little bit more now but then a pretty substantial decline subsequent to that.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Obviously, in all of the supplemental materials you'll see that we did experience FX headwind there on the Consumer Digital Safety side. So we actually feel from the network side of the fence and the business side of the fence we basically did what we said we were going to do in the quarter and we feel very good about the continued progress on the retention side and on the LifeLock enrollments, et cetera.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Sure. Sure, good question because so two things. When you look at a year-on-year of Enterprise margins and you hear me talk about the actual coming in at 8.9% versus 17.5% last year, the biggest change is eight points having to do with the divestiture. So now we've taken that out, so 17.5% comes down by eight points due to the impact from the Website Security PKI divestiture. We do have a commission deferral. So, obviously from a strong Q4 we're going to see some impact of that on the go forward. And then as we've indicated that we have – we're bringing on capacity and those things are going to matter in that Enterprise mix and in the Enterprise margin lock from Q1 2018 let's say excluding the divestiture to the Q1 actual results.
Nicholas R. Noviello: Yeah. So let me start that one and Greg might have some comments as well. So, and you'll see in the supplemental disclosure that we have a full revenue waterfall of the remaining performance obligations and we roll all of that forward. So we look at a combination of what is actually on the balance sheet and how is that going to roll off and in what period. And what you'll see is similar to the deferred revenue roll off that we talked about before and how much of it happens inside the first 36 months, the roll off or the waterfall of performance obligations, remaining performance obligations has a similar look and feel to it in terms of it rolling off inside a tight window. So we have that view. We also have a view of what we will do in business for the remainder FY 2019 and what that business – what shape and size that business will mean for FY 2020. So as we come out of this ratable transition and move through ASC 606, et cetera, we have a view of what all of that translates to. It's also backed by, and that is why I indicated Greg might want to have a perspective here, it's backed by our view on pipeline and it's backed by our view on capacity. So those things all come together on an enterprise side to give us that perspective on how growth will look in FY 2020 and how that growth will be different from where we're at today.
Walter H. Pritchard: Hi, thanks. Just probably beating a dead horse here but on the sales execution side can you talk about, I guess how we know it wasn't a pull forward of business? Q3 and Q4 you mentioned were strong in your view and sometimes that can pull forward. How do you know that's not the case? And then I just had a question on 2020.
Walter H. Pritchard: Great. And then just on 2020. I guess kind of a two part question. But how do you have confidence at this point to give a 2020 guide? What is it based on? And then that guidance does seem pretty attractive in terms of growth profile. Why would you do the reduction? I understand you're telling me it's to reduce the TSA's. But it would seem like that 8% reduction is pretty significant if you are indeed looking at such good growth in 2020.
Walter H. Pritchard: And what gives you the 2020 visibility on that growth? I mean, it's far above I think what you've delivered so far with the combined companies on a consistent basis.
