Vincent Pilette: Yeah. And it’s important to note that your marketing investment is never done in a vacuum, right? We’ve also launched Norton 360 a year and a half ago, we introduced a bunch of new products and new functionalities into our overall portfolio, and we started to accelerate the spend or at least the penetration of certain international markets. I think as we continue to play on all three levers, including the marketing spend, if you want, we’ll be able to continue to show a good growth and with the acquisition of Avira, it may be an accelerated growth as we move forward.
Vincent Pilette: I think it’s still early, as you mentioned, the first year and the second year retention is where we have the most improvement to achieve. If I look at the out years, for those who are in the full portfolio, we achieved the 90% plus retention on a unit basis. And so we see the full potential between first year and that 90% is the improvement needed. It has many different operations, increasing the engagement, showing the value, adding new functionalities. The results I mentioned is mainly on Norton 360, when we have the ability to show cross category values if you want to the users. We’ve seen better retention rate in the first year than standalone product and still early to say, right? We’re still in the early phase of renewing the early adopters of Norton 360, but we’re very encouraged by what the numbers show.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Let me zoom out even one more. We definitely see more and more consumer moving the activities online, the pandemic has only accelerated that movement and I think a lot is here to stay. Along with that, as you know, cybercriminals are adapting and we’ve seen an increase in activity there’s. And the awareness from a consumer standpoint to have a cyber safety protection is more relevant than ever. We feel good about where we are as a company both investing as we discussed organically and in organically. We have a platform, the cyber safety integrated platform we’ve launched, Nolan 360, covering three pillars security, privacy, and identity protection and restoration. And then along with that, we said, we’re going to continue and accelerate the growth by doing three things. One is, accelerating our penetration of international markets. The second one was to, while we doubled on a direct-to-consumer go-to-market model, explore new go-to-market models, partner with companies like terrorists [ph] to penetrate Canada or explore new business models. Obviously, a membership plan was the first in the market for cyber safety. We’ll continue to build on that. And the third one is adding new functionalities. We came with some title, et cetera. When I think those three dimensions Avira plays in all three, expanding internationally, obviously, they are very strong in Europe. We were number three market share in Germany with Avira, we moved to number one and we accelerate our growth across Western Europe. And Avira to penetrate internationally, many markets will be different in asset. The second one, which you mentioned, which is the free model, going to market in different ways is very important. We have the direct-to-consumer premium model. We are doing B2B to C activities and trying to bring combined solutions to consumers. The free model for us is just one more tool in our toolbox. As functionalities could become more commoditized, we can have an offer first access for all consumers to cyber safety using some of those in a freemium model and then using the muscle of cross-selling and upselling and converting to the full portfolio over time. So it’s a way of acquiring those eyeballs, if you want an experience of on cyber safety to then later on demonstrated that -- that’s a value without spending more in marketing. And the third element is they had a few nuggets in their technology. They have very nimble and creative engineering teams and there’s some functionalities, like we mentioned, the gaming booster functioning from Bulgaria. We can integrate into our gaming additions of Norton 360. So we’ll continue to look at their capabilities from a portfolio perspective to enrich our overall experience. So that’s how Avira plays into our growth moving forward.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. When you think about international, 70% of our business is still in the U.S., 30% international. So when you look at the geographical mix of the overall market, it’s clear to see that we are underpenetrated internationally. So from a core security first entry point if you want, Avira will definitely be a strong help. But where we add a real differentiator is when we bring our expertise in privacy and identity management and restoration from LifeLock and make it in the form of an international proposal, which was always the intent when we bought LifeLock, but it was a late to come, as we were trying to find a first angle with dark web monitoring, which is really protecting your multiple digital identities that you have out there. We see a lot of very good positive feedback from consumers and so now adding to that dark web monitoring activities, the restoration and helping the consumers to restore claims when there is some, it’s definitely also a value-add and a differentiator. I think that opportunity to push Norton Identity international is broad across many countries and we’ll start with the big one. Japan was the first one where we got real, which we expanded into Australia, New Zealand, Germany, U.K. touching France and we will continue to penetrate actively all of the interesting markets.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And the great news with our business -- digital business, we can run a lot of experiments. So we are not concluding yet from a brand perspective. But definitely there is a way to get new consumer or address consumers on the freemium model, which has certain functionalities, mainly commoditized, provided value with commoditized. And then it’s about adding the past for upselling and cross-selling the different functionalities that today are either differentiators or offered at a premium to the market. And as we discussed, our long-term success is based on that pace of innovation, introducing new functionality all the time. As cyber criminality is evolving, we continue to increase the overall level of protection for consumers, from dark web monitoring to restoration services, focus on privacy identity, all the next level. We obviously have a very rich funnel of new ideas that we working on. And so the freemium is one way, if you want to get the first access to then see more closely the value of the overall portfolio. For the short-term as you mentioned, we’re going to keep Avira separate as one brand and Norton on the other side, but obviously we testing different way in terms of branding.
Vincent Pilette: And Matt, if I can add to that, taking back outside of the channel, Q3 traditionally has been more of a Norton quarter and then Q4 has been more of a LifeLock quarter aligned to the tax season in the U.S., where most of our business is protecting identity. So from that perspective on the identity side here coming into this quarter, we expect a very strong quarter built into Natalie’s guidance. Now, we also are closing Avira and doubling down on Norton Identity internationally. So that’s not linked to the tax season, but it is definitely new areas, whether it’s markets or product positioning, if you want for us to continue to accelerate our growth.
Vincent Pilette: I think you probably right. The first level is continue to increase awareness. I can tell you the highest retention rate is when we have customers who have been breach and we help them restore what they’ve had and they customer for a long, long time. And then the rest it’s about really building up the awareness that it’s not just breach of your old data or your devices, but it’s breach of your personal data and access to your -- as an identity, if you want or digital identities now. And I think the same than the pandemic, when more activity move online, as we mentioned with that cyber criminals are adapting and have a wider scope to play in. And it’s upon us, as a company, Norton LifeLock to continue to build a portfolio to show the relevance and staying a step or two or three ahead of those risk that consumer faces.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. I think the value perceived by markets obviously changes. The value perceived by -- also the pillars that you subscribe to into a membership level also changes, right? So if you are a Norton 360 level three customers that has most of the security password managers, VPN access, it’s one level ARPU. If you add identity protection and if you add identity protection and restoration, the ARPU will grow. And therefore from that perspective, LifeLock being mainly in the U.S., we are getting a higher ARPU in the U.S. And then as you move into…
Vincent Pilette: … Western Europe, we start to add some of those identity protection and restoration, so we able to grow APRU, although it is less than our aggregate. And then if you move into more international closer to emerging markets, we’ll have lower ARPU. The way we’ve think about it is really about a set of all combined levers by cohort and by market. So in aggregate, we may have a pressure on the ARPU our retention rate, but as long as we continue to grow more customers and by cohort or by markets continue to improve the value we deliver to customers. We’re moving into the right direction.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. So overall the business will contribute on an annual basis at about 3 points if our revenue grows.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Understand. Yeah. And Natalie mentioned, we closed Avira in the early months of January. It’s not every quarter exactly the same that also a bit of seasonality. But if you modeled it, you are somewhat in the same level.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Mobile. Yeah. Mobile. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So mobile, very important user experience, right? And we acquire through multiple channels. I know in the past as security started on a device, then on the desktop, then moved on the laptop, then moved to a mobile. I get very often the question of, well, do you need security on new cell phone, for example? And the answer is we’ve moved to a user centric view of cyber safety, which includes security, but also identity and privacy. And we see a lot of our customers using their cyber safety dashboard and tools, boards on this stuff and on tablet or cell phones. And therefore mobility from a user experience perspective is hugely important to us, simplifying that experience as we continue to enrich the value is also a core element of our investments. So you’ll see more around simplifying making cyber safety easy to use, to consume and giving consumer full peace of mind. In term of the channels, we have a direct-to-customer and I’ll pass it to Natalie. And we have a second angle, which is partnership. It is very important for us to continue taking that user perspective to work on B2B to C offering, combining our value-add with other offering to provide full total protection to consumers, depending on their situations. And I think that’s the one we approach. It’s not only device hardware centric world, but it’s really a user service centric world that we taking as an approach. Natalie, I don’t know if you want to add anything on.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. Well, it all started with a vision, right? We want to both protect and empower, everyone that’s connected to the internet to live their digital life safely. That’s our vision and that gives us a wide range of opportunities to fulfill that we have not fulfilled yet. And so when you look at our overall strategy, I would say, number one is continue to scale up the cyber safety platform, three pillars today, security, privacy, and identity, and building that up. As we continue to do that, adding digital services that address the vision is very important and we’ll continue to do it increasing into the gaming verticals with new functionalities not integrating some of the bull guard functionalities that are really interesting. And so we have a long list if you want of opportunities that we are working with our engineers and our product people. And then the third element of course is to continue to expand outside of the U.S. to be a truly global in reach out everyone, if I’ve been connected to the internet that have digitalized on line.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. So we have -- as LifeLock had a mix of integrated third-party technologies and own algorithm that builds on top. So it’s a mix of the two and we’ll continue to build upon that to offer it not only in Japan, but across all countries. Someone was asking, hey, if you launch it in Japan, why don’t you launch in all countries internationally, exactly for that reason, because you want to adapt your data architecture, your sensors and your approach to the country and the data that’s relevant in each country. And so, we taking a country by country approach to build-up and the solution.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Ann. The overlap between the physical world and the digital world continues to grow. More and more activities are moving online from shopping to socializing, almost every aspect of our life has a digital component. Unfortunately, many of those activities are left unprotected or weakly protected at best leaving many doors open for cyber criminals. Our vision is to protect and empower people to live their digital life safely. And while we have already accomplished a lot, since we launched Norton LifeLock over a year ago, we’re just getting started. We plan to leverage our leading technologies and integrated product portfolio, our relentless focus on customer experience, our trusted global brand, our unmatched scale in direct distribution, as well as a growth focus financial model. If I have to summarize it in four words, I would say, our future is bright. Thank you for joining and for your support, and we look forward to connecting with you very soon.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Just really quickly, Avira is not in our Q3 results at all. And so whether you think about growth or you think about the liability balance any of that it’s not going to be in our financials until Q4.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So look we’ve seen consistent customer adds with five quarters in a row. If I take a look -- if I step back and take a look at just this fiscal year, 600,000 net new ads in the first-half, now 300,000 in Q3, with growth across the Board, across geos, across product lines and positive contribution from holiday. Now to answer your question around renewal and conversion. Yes, we are seeing early improvements in our renewal rates related to our new customer cohorts. And now look it’s early, but I would say the Norton 360 platform is definitely helping us. It’s gaining good traction with now nearly 60% of our base. And so all in all of that’s helping us to sustain that strong 85% overall retention.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. The Avira deal closed on January 8th. And so, yeah, that’s when it closed. In terms of the guide, we definitely have partial impact Avira in. We have shared with you the contribution on revenue just from a growth perspective. And then from an EBITDA perspective, we will -- we have folded them in and we’ll look to really drive the business hard to get the synergistic savings we’ve communicated to you over the next six months.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. Thanks. So from a partnership perspective, it’s pretty diverse. We’ve got a lot of different channels within the partnership business. Overall, we grew 15% year-over-year and we saw relatively broad-based strengths across all of those different channels. The one that we are really very excited about and really plays to our strengths is employee benefits. Employee benefit is really -- is a great distribution channel that widens our audience, but brings users very close to our book of business as we have the direct relationship with those users or those customers and so we’re really, really excited about that. But overall for the quarter, just overall -- just generally speaking broad stroke growth across the partner side.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. I would say, I hear you on the timing in terms, of course we’ve got to figure out from an employee benefits calendar. Most people really get started understanding what partners they’re going to do business with, et cetera, as those annual enrollments come later in the year. So we are definitely working hard. The employee benefits channel for us has been pretty consistent. We have been really working across the employee benefits channel to gain more partners and to really get our Norton 360 value proposition out there and really get the education and the audiences widened through the employee benefits channel. And then as we look forward, again, just to reiterate, we love this channel and we want to make sure that we are working with the partners in the right way. There’s a lot of different size and types of partners that we can go after from a growth perspective and we’re just really excited to take advantage of the opportunity. But you’re right, the time is now. I mean -- and you really have to pay attention to when those employee benefits annual enrollments are. So we’re trying to get after it for sure.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. I was just going to add, look, from a customer acquisition perspective. We don’t necessarily plan to the eyes of just LifeLock versus Norton. And I would say, it’s about reach, it’s about expanding audiences, it’s about doing it in an effective way, in an efficient way. So from our channel reach perspective we focused in the last year, really trying to diversify. Of course, historically, we’ve been more on the long form TV and radio. We’ve been diversifying into online digital channels so that we can get really relevant and interesting content out there. We can diversify the users that are coming to our platform. We’ve got really, really strong brand awareness. We’ve got brand strengths that we will continue to leverage and strengthen in the market as we diversify and really try and attract new customer acquisition, as well as get the word out there on all of our product innovation or product introductions as we build and strengthen the Norton 360 suite.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I’ll take it. Our capital allocation strategy remains relatively unchanged. And what I mean by that is, we have said, we are -- we’ve been -- for the last couple of quarters been on track to generate $900 million of analyzed cash flow. And from a capital allocation perspective, we’ve talked about three main tenants, the first one being the dividend, which we paid the regular dividend in the quarter. And then as we progress, we said we would strike the right balance to approach as it pertain this opportunistic share buyback and acquisition. And so the actions in Q3, I think speak for themselves, in terms of, if you look back and you think back to approximately November, and all things considered, now you guys know why we didn’t necessarily, we had the acquisition activity going on. As soon as our trading window was open, we opportunistically bought the share buyback to the extent of $133 million. And so, as you take that into account high say-do ratio in terms of leveraging and maximizing the value of our capital allocation tenants. And you look forward, I would -- it’s going -- our strategy remains unchanged. We will continue with the quarterly dividend and then strike that right balance on opportunistic share buyback. But we’ve not been shy to say that we are interested in M&A activity, especially as we look forward and look for those sustainable growth opportunities.
Natalie Derse: Oh! Absolutely. I would say and I don’t know how I would answer that question. No, we just have opportunities everywhere. I think from a value and in culture of put the customer first, we have so many opportunities to use analytics to get closer and closer to the customer and understand their behaviors, understanding their needs and wants and how we can serve back the best. If I get into specifics, of course, we will continue to build out our marketing analytics, every -- but it’s not just in a silo. When I think about marketing analytics, I think customer analytics and it’s about making sure that we are at the very top of the funnel, expanding our audiences in a diverse way, in an efficient way and making sure that we’ve got the content out there that really showcases our value proposition. Everything from the expanding Norton 360 integrated platform in the suite of products that Vincent has talked about and whether you talk about where you’re at in the funnel, in terms of whether you’re brand new and we need to explain the value that we can bring to consumers globally or if you are an existing customer, perhaps, on the security side and we can find ways to share the value we can bring to your life from an identity perspective. There’s just so many opportunities to just get to as close to the customer as possible, understand where they are in their journey and in their life, and really use data analytics to predict, how we can take that next step in the customer journey. There are so many opportunities to build that out.
