James A. Beer: Thank you very much, Helyn. Good afternoon, everyone. In our December quarter, we were very pleased with the 5% revenue growth rate that we've recorded on a constant-currency basis, and that equates to 4% of organic revenue growth. That's, in fact, the highest percentage growth rate we've seen organically in over 4 years now. These results is very much driven by strength in our Europe, Middle East, Africa region, as well as our Trust Services business and our Information Management business. That's the backup and archiving part of our business. And that area particularly helped us build our license revenue growth at 8% year-over-year. Maintenance grew 5% year-over-year, and our enterprise subscriptions business grew 12% year-over-year. In terms of our beat the EPS line, it was very much a balance of both revenue, overperformance and, on the expense side, beating there as well. So about a 2/3 revenue, 1/3 expense balance that drove the EPS performance. Looking at some of the details of the revenue performance across the business units reflecting growth across our portfolio, on the Consumer side, continued growth as we upsell our customers to our premium suites, as well as continue to grow our emerging businesses, including our mobile business there. In terms of the Security and Compliance business unit, in addition to Trust Services, we saw a nice growth from our Managed Security Services and encryption businesses. And in terms of Storage and Server Management, we saw growth on both sides of this business. So first of all, on the back half and archiving side, a very strong performance, 12% growth driven by our NetBackup products. Capital. So, in terms of Storage Management, we saw 1% growth there year-over-year. So that's the second consecutive quarter of growth for that business as we saw more of our customers continue to convert their mission-critical applications to Linux and virtualized infrastructures using our software. Services grew, again driven by our Business Critical Services unit. That's the high-end support offerings. In terms of cash, we saw 15% growth in cash flow from operations year-over-year and our domestic cash balance represents 26% of the total after setting to one side $1 billion to cover the maturity of our convertible debt that comes due in June later this year. We spent $200 million during the quarter to repurchase shares at an average price of $17.94. Moving on now to our guidance, as we'll be discussing this afternoon, we're entering a period of some transition. So I think it's appropriate for us to be prudent when offering guidance here. We're suggesting revenue and deferred revenue both growing 1% to 3% on a constant-currency basis year-over-year, 73% of our in-period revenue coming from the balance sheet. In terms of earnings-per-share, we're looking for it down just over 1 point at the midpoint of the range. We do expect to record a lower tax rate in the fourth quarter, driven by the catch-up effects of the recently reinstated research and development credit that got put back into place earlier this month. And in terms of GAAP EPS, that large decline year-over-year is driven by the fact that this time last year, we booked a onetime credit for the profit associated with the sale of our stake in the Huawei joint venture. So with that, we have to shift gears and focus the rest of the afternoon on the 4.0 strategy and operational plan. And to introduce that, we're going to show you a short video. [Presentation]
James A. Beer: Okay. Let me just address the second part of the question there. Yes, you're right. The big deals were down in the quarter year-over-year. But that wasn't consistent with the overall activity that we were seeing across the business. So we're quite comfortable with where bookings and billings grew to. So no, I wouldn't say that the big deal statistics were illustrative of the overall result.
James A. Beer: Well, 2 stories really there. First of all, the greater absolute growth coming from the NetBackup business. We've talked about our appliances business for several quarters now, and we're pleased with the traction that, that continues to garner in the marketplace. And then secondarily, the storage management business growing for the second quarter in a row. That was important as well. So you put those 2 things together, and you arrive at the storage and server management growth rate that you saw.
James A. Beer: Yes. I'll just say that, obviously, the preponderance of our expenses tend to be in the U.S. And so the proportion of the overall free cash flow that we generate is going to be lesser onshore than it is offshore. And you've seen that as the offshore balances continue to rise very steadily over recent years.
James A. Beer: Well, you've got something in the neighborhood of around 1/3 of the overall equation. But obviously, that's going to vary as time goes by, as the balance of the business changes, both on the revenue side of the equation and on the spending side.
James A. Beer: Well, I mean I wouldn't try to foot the numbers for you precisely. But I mean, as we've discussed this afternoon, I mean, we feel as though we have plenty of opportunity to rethink the way both the sales and the marketing side of our business operate, the system, if you will, that Steve has referred to a couple of times. And so if we execute as we will on the organic revenue growth, that will be the engine for us to be able to drive to those types of expense-to-revenue ratios, while at the same time, we take the right moves to address structural change about both sales and marketing, structural changes that we've talked about in forums like this for some years now. And so I think it's the right time to step up and make these moves. We will -- we have to do it, obviously, very carefully, with very much our customers in the forefront of our minds. But we're very focused -- we -- again, as I said, at the end of my remarks, very focused on how we execute on all of these operational changes. And it's going to drive value for the organization overall. So yes, there are some important goals. They're not straightforward goals, but we very much have a plan to do it.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. I think we were very complicated in our go-to market, both on how we define the market and all the overlays. And what I would tell you, without boring everybody well of details, is we're going to have self-contained teams focused on the strategy now of end point information and security information management. And they're going to be in North America, in the U.S. They're going to be -- we're going to have a dedicated commercial team that's self-contained, and we're going to have a dedicated enterprise team. And we're going to have leaders that run those self-contained teams. So I think part of the problem is all these layers and stacking and everything were confusing to our customers and to organization. And I think we're going to streamline and simplify all of that stuff. So I think it's a major change. I actually took it out of here, because I thought it was too hard to explain in a simple way. But we're going to radically change the whole structure of the sales force. We're going to change the incentives over time. We're going to change the structure, and we're going to focus people on new business as opposed to -- so it's a lot of moving parts over time. And as soon as we're ready to announce that -- you can imagine that salespeople are hearing this for the first time today. So we're going to be thoughtful in the transition. And that's where I'd leave it for now. Lots of work to do.
Stephen M. Bennett: I did -- I -- it's 27% versus 25%. Don't give me 2 extra points of -- I don't know where you're -- James, can you help me on that one because -- look, at the end of the day, I'm not that far out on the model on kind of what the margin could be. I think we said our goal is 30% in 2 years, in fiscal -- I think if we can continue to get momentum on organic growth -- and I am thrilled with the new thinking on the offering, solving higher-level jobs and being more efficient and taking those to market. If we can accelerate market organic growth more than the 5%, we said greater than 5% CAGR, we'll get volume leverage. We'll get volume. And we won't find enough 15% IRR investments that we can execute on. So we'll create more cash that we'll end up returning. So I haven't thought about an upper limit on that. I'm really focused on organic growth. And in the past, I found that if you delivered that, everything else worked out great. So let's stay focused on making the 30% in '15, and then we'll invest wisely to see the balance between reinvestment and returning to shareholders.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes. At the risk of being a little bit controversial, I think that relative to enterprise, our Consumer business was well run. But the margins in TurboTax are a hell of a lot better than the margins are for Norton. And so it just depends on how you define success. And I think we can do way better in Consumer. I think the new structure -- we can do a better job in consumer. I think Janice was and the team have performed well. But they were constrained by short-term financial metrics. And I'm going to free up money by making hard decisions to invest. I think we can grow Consumer by solving new problems faster. I don't think she was ever able to do that because the structure got in the -- I don't think it was a structure -- I think it's about how we run the company to maximize how we invest our resources to deliver value for customers. And I think to get to where we need to and execute effectively and minimize risk, we had to functionalize the company. I think we'll have the teamwork and the collaboration that it takes to keep the focus on small businesses and consumers. But that's part of why the whole structure is built around collaboration and teamwork. And time will tell if that was the right call. But I'm pretty comfortable we'll be able to make that work and be better. See, I think this will be better for consumers because the other changes we're making, even though in theory, if you have a self-contained team, it sounds like you'd be better. We'll see.
Stephen M. Bennett: Our customers have been -- John, our -- my view on this, and I met with a bunch of customers that all said the same thing, is that they are forced to spend tens, depending on their size, millions and millions of dollars doing the integration. They get no scale and leverage from doing that. Over time, we should be able to do that for them, and we're in position to be able to do that. But it is much broader and deeper. And that's why we have to stay and make our existing offerings better and better and more competitive. And then we have to integrate them in ways that deliver more value for customers. And so over time, that's the theory of the case. And the good news is we'll have some of these come to the market the next 6 months, and some will take a little bit longer. And there's going to be a lot of heavy lifting to make that work. But I think we'll have -- I think we have a big opportunity if we can get it right. And we don't have to get all 10 of them right. So we don't have to get all 10 of them right. They don't have to be -- we just have to make progress here. Yes? If we get all 10 of them right, John, we'll be a lot faster than 5% growth, trust me.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the other question is a really thoughtful one about -- and part of the reason I went to every facility in the world with over 400 employees is to talk directly with our frontline employees. And that's where I spent most of the time. In the past, what we were doing, and I mentioned is, is we continued -- when we had reductions -- we did peanut butter reductions, and we eliminated frontline employees, which has left us with a management structure as a company, James shared the data, average spans of 4. I've never seen anything like that in the history of my career. And so there's all sorts of implications to that. But that's why we're taking on this organizational simplification. So I think we're going to have a rigorous process. We're going to go through it in detail with our employees in 0.5 hour. It's going to be hard. It's going to be the hardest thing I've ever done. But we have to do it. We have to do it because the business consequences for our employees, for our customers and our investors are bad if not taking this on. And so rather than having continual death by a thousand cuts, let's just do it right. Let's do it strategically. Let's take our medicine, get through it quickly and with dignity, treat people fair, which we're going to do -- be more than fair. And from this, let's not think about just the pain side, the gain side, how we can make faster decisions. We can promote our best and brightest in the bigger jobs. If you look at what's happened with the staff, we've had a lot of new people that I took -- Fran Rosch is going to run mobile. It's a big new job for him. And most of the people on my staff have bigger, new jobs. So we're going to have bigger, better jobs for fewer people. And I think that's the positive for our best and brightest. But we're going to have a simplified and streamlined structure. And we're going to have to transition to get there. But we'll be way ahead of where we are today after we go through it. Okay, that's it? That's what that means? I thought that meant circle the wagons. Well, thanks for joining us either live or on the web. This is a plan that we're quite confident in but has some execution risk. But we didn't go in -- all-in on the numbers we shared with you. That would not be a prudent thing to do. If we can execute, and we're going to focus hard on execution, this will just be the start of transitioning this company to make it a very, very exciting and much more relevant company in 5 or 10 years from now. Thanks for coming in. We look forward to the quarterly updates as we go forward.
