Enrique Salem: Well, John, you did talk about NetBackup and Backup Exec. We do have great releases there, and they are continuing to get broad adoption. I mean, 25% of the base in NetBackup is looking at the product. And so we're optimistic about what we're seeing there. When you look at the core storage management business, what we're seeing is a move in our customer base to try to build out what I'll call a more distributed or scale-out data center, where they're moving to use many commodity components, commodity storage, and that's where the technologies like FileStore become more relevant. And so we’re definitely seeing a move in the enterprise data center from what we’ve traditionally seen as what I'll say the bigger focus on bigger systems to a more distributed architecture. And that's why the FileStore capabilities becoming important. So you're right. We definitely have continued to see a softness in the sale of some of the traditional products.
Enrique Salem: Probably not in a position to really comment. We’ve closed a number of deals at the beginning of this month or through July. I think what's going on, John, is it’s really a move that we're seeing. And while we continue to do very well in a number of segments, we think that the future lies more in what we're doing with some of the new products with our Cluster File System and FileStore. The product portfolio, the largest companies in the world still depend on products like Storage Foundation and Storage Foundation HA. And my expectations are that, that will continue, and they’ll continue to use it in many of business-critical applications. The other thing that we're seeing that we're encouraged by, is then some of the new deployments of virtualization technology, VMware and others, they're looking to us to help drive the improved SLA or availability. And so that's going to help us with some of the clustering technologies and some of the new capabilities that we'll be shipping that will support that environment. So ultimately, it's really a shift, I would say, from the architecture and the data center to what I'll call a much more distributed scale-out architecture. And that's why we shipped some of the new products that we’re expecting to see some benefits as we go forward.
Enrique Salem: I think it’s the cautiousness we're seeing is bigger deals as those are going through more steps and it’s taking a little bit longer to get through that procurement cycle. I would say we saw it both in the U.S. and in Europe. So it's not necessarily one geography, we just see a little bit more cautiousness in the larger deals.
Enrique Salem: Yes. I'm not seeing anything new on the competitive front. And as I mentioned, some of those bigger deals, a number of them have already closed.
Enrique Salem: Sure. If you look at the various geographies throughout Europe, one of the things that we saw was we definitely saw what we call central, which is Germany, Switzerland, that market, and what we call West, the French part of, actually performing well. That's what we saw in the June quarter. I would tell you that we're going to keep monitoring what’s happening in Europe, as there’s definitely a bit of a tone where people are a bit more cautious. And so we're monitoring it. But what we saw that drove our results was good performance by Backup Exec, quite frankly worldwide, including Europe, and then good performance in Central Europe and the Western or French part of Europe.
Enrique Salem: Let me take the first part and then I’m going to let James continue. So what we're really pleased about is that we have successfully completed that transition. When we announced it in October, we said we would be done by the end of June and now we've done that. And what we’re pleased about is that we now have complete control of the experience. And what does that mean? That means our ability to upsell to the suites, that it means the ability to cross-sell other capabilities. And so our ability to take over the whole experience is something that we’re very pleased about. With some of the details on the financials, I’ll let James take that.
Enrique Salem: Well, the Consumer business is being driven by a couple of factors. I mean, the suites is a part of it. I think renewal rates we’ve talked about with regards to the Norton 360 product, when people use backup, we see improvements in the renewal rates. And then of course the other thing that we just talked about was the work around eCommerce platform. And so those things are driving the growth. So the combination of the move to suites, the better renewal rates and the move to the eCommerce platform are all benefits.
Enrique Salem: And the other thing I’d just add on, just one last thought, is the PC Tools. We're definitely getting that out there a little bit more.
Enrique Salem: Our expectation continues to be, and we monitor of those renewal rates very, very closely. And so there is that lag. We'll keep monitoring it. But 6%, I guess on a constant currency basis, I feel pretty good about a 6% year-over-year growth and our expectations are – and what we achieved was in line with our expectations.
Enrique Salem: What you have to look at with the RPC business is you end up getting deferred revenue, and it's recognized ratably. So we've gone through and you look at the seasonality, it's pretty clear to me, December and March are the seasonally strongest quarters, tails off through going into the middle of summer and then we start re-accelerating as we get back to the holiday season. So that's consistent what we've seen every year. And so my expectation is you'll see the same thing again through this fiscal year. So it kind of slows a little bit as people go on holiday and then it picks up into the holiday season.
Enrique Salem: You did mention one of the components, which is we are still lapping the year-over-year impacts on the Sun business. And so I think we're getting to the tail end of that effect. I think we'll probably see that start leveling off, and then it's a matter of us, through our own sales force, driving those products into the breadth of platforms, whether it be Sun, Oracle-Sun, HP, IBM. And so our expectation is we're starting to hit the bottom of that effect. I think the other side of it is we continue to simplify, as you heard our Analyst Day, what Francis deSouza and his team are doing is creating a much simpler approach to our security solutions where you've got four suites. By simplifying the message which lines up to what customers are expecting, which is how do they get away from lots and lots of point products. That should also benefit us. So when I look across bottoming out on the Storage side; improvements in security; also the strength of the new NetBackup and Backup Exec releases; and then lastly, we did see double-digit growth in that SaaS business. So that combination of things should start seeing an improvement in new license growth.
Enrique Salem: That is my expectation and that’s what’s figured into our guidance, is that what we saw – I’m pleased with having closed some of the deals that we were targeting in June. But as we go through this quarter, I expect that the procurement cycles will remain about the same. We come through the summer, and so that's planned into our guidance for the September quarter.
Enrique Salem: So when you look at the products in that segment, Backup Exec and Symantec Endpoint Protection, Symantec Protection Suites are the key products. We continue to make good progress with the launch of Backup Exec and the adoption of the suites is continuing in the SMB segment in security suites. Obviously, we continue to look at opportunities to reach more of that segment. As you know, it's very diverse. But we definitely have continued plans. And I made comments, one of the things that we're doing is specializing our partners. Because what we found is the more specialized they are, the more effective they are, especially in that SMB segment. And so we’re going to continue to do that and my sense is that will continue to drive better performance for the security products and better performance for storage and backup products. Last comment, we shipped the new product, Symantec Hosted Endpoint Protection. That is a hosted version of our Endpoint Security technology. And the initial feedback on that has been very good and that serves that SMB segment very well. So this is another addition to the segment that I think will help improve, continue to improve performance.
Enrique Salem: Well one of the things that we monitor very carefully is discounting. And what our results are showing is we do not see any increased pressure to further discount our products. And so comparable to previous quarters, no increased pricing pressure. And my expectation is that we are now reached a stable state from a pricing perspective.
Enrique Salem: I made comments about strength in the public sector and governments around the world. When you look at the verticals, there continue to be a number of verticals that continue to perform well. We definitely have seen a more cautious tone that's fairly global, meaning U.S., Europe and across verticals, with the best performance really coming from the public sector.
Enrique Salem: When we did our Analyst Day, is we spent some time sharing what we see the future of IT, what it looks like, and our expectations for that future. And so we’ve shared that with our board, with all of you. We'll continue to iterate on what are the capabilities, what are our opportunities for monetizing that vision. And so our expectations are that we've set a direction for our company that takes advantage of where we are very strong and then outlines what our expectations are. Because things like consumerization, that is the big trend that Symantec is uniquely positioned to take advantage of given the size and scale of our Consumer business. And so when we talk to our board, what we do is we paint a complete picture that says here's the strengths of our portfolio, here's the potential weaknesses and where there’s some level of risk, and then here's where we're going with the company. And the reception that I've gotten externally -- and I was with the CIOs around the world, I was in Europe two weeks ago, met with a number of CIOs here in the U.S. over the last month, and they understand our vision. They see that this notion of protecting information, protecting people, securing identities, they're very encouraged by where we're going with the company. And I think that's what's important right now, is to execute against the current product offering and sell what we've got, but also start moving towards the direction that this new vision has outlined for Symantec.
Enrique Salem: We just finished our business reviews for the September quarter last week. We had presentations that covered all segments. We look at plans and forecasts. We looked at pipelines. And so at this point, we've taken into account more the pipeline view and our expectations for the public sector. And we think that, that's all baked into our guidance. The other part that's important is with the acquisition of GuardianEdge, that is a product that’s done very well in the public sector and that's now added to our portfolio. And what it does is when you take a small company and you add it to Symantec where buyers, especially the federal government where we have a lot of great relationships, there’s going to be more confidence in working with us than working with a small company. And given the certifications they have and the capabilities, that is a plus for us in the public sector. And so we feel good about our ability to achieve our forecast in the public sector.
Enrique Salem: What we have done is our sales force continues to have a flying formation or alignment that matches up to the products in the portfolio. That's when we deal with the largest enterprises where the Enterprise segment. When we go down to smaller customers, I've been talking about this specialization in the partner community. And so we’re going to continue to do that. No now we've got partners who are very good on our Storage Management products. We have partners who are very good on our backup products, very good on our DLP products. So what we're trying to do is drive much more specialization that will allow better results, we think, across the product portfolio. And as far as our sales force, I'm comfortable with how we go to market with our own people.
Enrique Salem: When you look at the overall picture, the pipelines are as robust as they've been. I haven't seen a change in the ratios. Given the procurement component and the extra approvals and some of the discussions that have gone on, we did see a slight change in the close rate for some of the bigger deals. When you look at the other segments, SMB, we didn't see that, for example, in products like Backup Exec and some of our suites. So it would be more pipeline ratios seem to be appropriate. We do see a little bit close rates in the larger deals decreasing a little bit. And then we also, our expectation is that, that will continue in this quarter.
Enrique Salem: When you look across the board, we track that very closely. And at this point, nothing that is unexpected, especially as we go into the summer period. Obviously, we're always looking forward to the holiday season and then at the beginning of the New Year. But so far, we tracked it carefully and we haven't seen any bigger changes there.
Enrique Salem: So Rob, just to be clear, it is 7% in constant currency and 6% as reported. Sorry if I -- I just want to clear in that number. When you look at the marketplace, this level of growth, plus or minus anyone quarter, it’s going to move around. So I think we are in the right range. That's 7% plus or minus is probably around right. Could be a little higher, could be a little lower. When we look at the freemuim market, we haven't seen any dramatic changes in that marketplace, and quite frankly, we’re pleased because you take the PC Tools offerings and what we’ve done, which was our initial strategy, is we’re better positioning PC Tools to go after the more price-sensitive, buyers, to go after the freemuim or lower-cost solutions or offerings. And so we've got that combination and we think we’ve got the mix about right, right now with our high-end premium Norton product and then PC Tools at the low end. And we think that’s going to combat the freemuim vendors. The other thing I commented on is that we now have PC Tools also available in many of the markets where the freemuim vendors have historically done well, not just emerging markets, but parts of Europe. So I think that will also help.
Enrique Salem: When we look at the competitive-like [ph] marketplace, we are doing very well. We are gaining share in the backup market. As you can see, Backup Exec has done well; NetBackup has done well. And so from our point of view, obviously, looking at the deals that we're closing there across all competitors, we are gaining share the backup space. What we are doing, though, is we’ve got to make sure that we take advantage of this move to data deduplication and our new offerings. Our NetBackup appliances are now shipping. And so to that will continue to help us in that more pliant deduplication marketplace. But we are gaining share in the backup space. When you talk about the new license growth, it really is a matter of executing across the portfolio: driving more DLP, driving the new solutions from backup, driving the Software-as-a-Service opportunity. And so to get that back in place, those things I just outlined have to become a larger total percentage of the overall business. And that’s what we're seeing as we see double-digit growth in both DLP and Software-as-a-Service. Now they’re coming off a smaller base, but as that continues, that should be a positive towards new license growth.
Enrique Salem: We definitely are seeing a move towards more subscription-oriented buying. And when you look at that number and some of my comments, I talked about the offerings we’re making to our partners where they can sell more of a subscription model. So we definitely see a shift towards more subscription-oriented businesses than what I call the tradition, just pure license maintenance business.
Enrique Salem: We're doing great in the bigger deals where we're competing on security front, we're doing very, very well. And it's really a matter of looking at the whole portfolio, because we've got a set of products that match up to a number of competitors, McAfee trend and others. And then they've got some products that are not consistent with us. And as we go into the new product lines, the encryption and now the identity security that comes from the VeriSign acquisition, we’ll again have some other capabilities that are different and differentiating from a number of our traditional competitors. One thing I'm very pleased about is we're seeing Symantec Protection Center, SPC, not only get reviewed well, but customers are very pleased with its capabilities, its user interfaces reporting versus EPL. And that’s been another big positive for us, as that was one of the concerns customers had several years ago.
Enrique Salem: I didn't make any specific comments on the Altiris Suite. The full suite’s available. We shipped the last components just recently. We’ve got an update coming out. And you’re right. A number of our customers are using it for the roll out of Win 7. And Win 7 in the enterprise, that process is starting and we expect that to continue, quite frankly, for the next 24 months or so.
Enrique Salem: The volumes of deals in SMB space are very, very high. So from a close rate perspective, we didn't see any changes there. And Backup Exec, quite frankly, did well. So nothing really that I can report or comment on in SMB.
Enrique Salem: We saw the longer procurement cycles. I don't know if they disappeared for us. It's just a matter of they pushed into the new quarter and a good percentage of them have closed. So I can't say that they've disappeared. We had a very detailed conference call and planning sessions that we've done over the first three weeks of July to make sure we were tracking those deals. And I don't know of any of the larger deals that we were tracking that completely disappeared. They're all there.
Enrique Salem: Yes. Across the verticals, we're in so many verticals that it's hard to say one vertical saw a bigger change than the other. The positiveness came from the public sector, state and local; continued to do well.
Enrique Salem: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. While we saw some challenges in the June quarter, we remained focused in our key priorities for this fiscal year. The consumer and enterprise products we offer are more capable and valuable to our customers than ever before. And our recent acquisitions strengthen our product portfolio, enabling us to better serve customers. I look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you very much.
James Beer: What we said in the last couple of months is that as we look through the next three-year period, we would be able to drive operating margins to 30% driven by the core products. Now in the interim, certainly on a GAAP revenue basis, that's going to impact the operating margins that we're reporting because of this deferred revenue haircut. Now I think once we get to FY '13, we will have, in essence, got through the effects on operating margin of that deferred revenue haircut. And I would look for the three acquisitions that we’ve entered into recently to be added to operating margins at that time.
James Beer: Yes. In terms of the expenses around the new eCommerce platform, our day-to-day operating expenses, if you will, our effectively in place. We've now fully transitioned. So the people running the platform are with us. Now we also, of course, have started the depreciation process of what we invested in the platform, so that will play out over the next three years or so. Net nettable [ph] of that is that in past quarters, we've talked about the eCommerce platform development being dilutive to margins. We're pretty much through that effect and we’d look for a positive impact on margins overall in the back half of this fiscal year.
James Beer: And the other thing I would add to that, of course, is that we’ve got a wide variety of distribution paths for our Consumer business, both the range of OEM providers that we’ve further added to in the past quarter, as well as retail. So I think we’re unique in having this breadth of distribution.
James Beer: Yes. I would say that I would expect OEM cash fees as well as OEM OpEx to be up year-over-year. So that's certainly a pressure point for us in the short run.
James Beer: Well, in terms of the operating margin and just again, to really focus on what I was saying earlier about the three-year look. Clearly, this year, we've got $0.11 of dilution that is going to be driven from the three acquisitions. And that's very much a function of this deferred revenue haircut that we've been talking about. We'll get through that process in the next couple of years. We'll have fully lapped that effect, if you will. And so I think the acquisitions will be improving operating margins at FY '13 and that the core will be driving a 30% operating margin at that time.
