Vincent Pilette: We expect the Consumer Cyber safety to generate annual free cash flow of approximately $900 million after the transition period, the majority of which we expect to return to shareholders via mix of regular dividends and share buybacks.  Consistent with this objective, we expect that our regular quarterly dividend will be increased to $12.05 per share or $0.50 annually, following the close of the transaction. In addition, our Board of Directors has increased our share buyback authorization by $1.1 billion to a total of $1.6 billion. We expect the incremental share repurchases will be executed over time after the close of the transaction, when all sales proceeds have been repatriated.  Accordingly, the completion of these buyback authorizations has been factored into our EPS calculation and expectation for Consumer Cyber Safety. We believe this disciplined approach to capital allocation, together with our expectations for the growth of Consumer Cyber Safety should deliver an attractive total return to shareholders.  Following the transaction, we expect to maintain a debt balance approximately consistent with the debt on our balance sheet today. As a go-forward business we will retain approximately 80% of the fiscal year 2019 operating income.  Our current debt of $4.5 billion would represent approximately 3.5x gross leverage on the Consumer Cyber Safety business after adjusting for the elimination of the stranded costs. We believe this approach is appropriately leveraged returns to shareholders, while also managing fiscal risk and maintaining financial flexibility and is supported by the predictable and highly cash generated nature of Consumer Cyber Safety. We are very excited about unleashing the full potential of Consumer Cyber Safety, which will emerge as a focused pure play leader in the consumer market. Our Norton LifeLock products have the number one revenue share in both Consumer Security and Identity Protection and strong brand recognition.  Our integrated solutions built around the core tenants of security, privacy, identity protection and home and family safety have redefine how consumers think about Cyber Safety. We expect that the ability to fund further investment in product innovation and sales and marketing will create an attractive financial model and enhance total shareholder returns.  There has been a lot of information shared today, so let me summarize them once again. We delivered strong Q1 results with EPS growth of 23% year-over-year. We announced the sales of our Enterprise Security assets for $10.7 billion in cash, about 36x its fiscal year 2019 operating income.  We have identified approximately $1.5 billion of stranded costs, which we expect to eliminate over 12 months at the cash cost of $1 billion and funded by the sales of underutilized assets such as real-estate. We are retaining 80% of our fiscal 2019 operating income. We are refocusing the company as a pure play market leader in Consumer Cyber Safety with earnings power of approximately $1.50 per share after transition.  With an expected $12 special dividend per share, an increase in our buyback authorization to $1.6 billion, an expected increase in our regular dividend, we are focusing and we are focused on maximizing our total shareholder return. In short, we expect to return in cash about 59% of Monday's market capitalization to our shareholders, while at the same time keeping an ownership in a predictable business that generates over 80% of today’s operating income.  And with that, Rick and I are happy to take your questions. 
Vincent Pilette: Absolutely! So we have 12,000 employees today. We are marching in our improvement plan towards a 10,000 in aggregate for the full company. We’ve started to reduce the headcount as you may have seen in our report and we do more as we go forward.  When you talk about the remaining company post-transition period, we’ll have about $2.5 billion of revenue and we believe that $1 million per employee is the right long term target. 2,500 is the long time target. We should be very close to that after the end of the transition period. 
Vincent Pilette: No absolutely. Let me tell you about how we think about it, right. So the consumer business has a segment and the Enterprise Segment fairly separates distinct businesses, and in the P&L report we have fully allocated those costs where based on the utilization to the right segment.  You see today the fully loaded, the consumer business is running at in Q1, 53% operating margin target, and we have a long term target to run it at around 50% plus a minus one or two points depending on the gross objectives.  The Enterprise Business has the remaining cost, plus the corporate functions that are serving that Enterprise business. The $1.5 billion of stranded costs is made of those two pieces. The asset of the enterprise business that Broadcom will not take, plus the portion of the corporate services that are serving the Enterprise business, that’s the entire cost. It will cost us about $1 billion in cash to eliminate over 12 months and the consumer business should continue to operate fairly independent based on that, unless you want to add anything Rich. 
Vincent Pilette: I just want to add one thing, because your question is missing that maybe there’s a perception, this is a modeling exercise. We went extensively through RGS, to our set list, asset by asset to tag them. Do we think they will go with the Broadcom business or do they think that’ll stay here and how we going to eliminate those assets over the next 12 months. So we have a very rigorous approach that's more at the transaction level than at the modeling level. 
Vincent Pilette: If I can add, so we’re targeting a 3% to 5% over the next couple of years. It has grown 3% over the last two years and you're right, currently the business is flattish. There are really three areas we are focusing on. One is the custom account and investing more direct marketing; the second one is what Rick mentioned, which is this ARPU, adding functionalities to the offering and with that increasing the membership and then and including the retention rate also, which we've moved from lower to now 85%.  I think if I looked at the number we were at around 80% a couple of years ago. Those are the growth, but our goal is the GDP plus type of growth, so it's not over ambitious. I do believe with all the IODs and other environments, now as we singly focused on consumer, we have the potential to do more, but we’ll be very prudent and will focus on operational discipline, setting the target that we can deliver and constructively investing in innovation and sales. 
Vincent Pilette: And if I can add to that, because I knew investors always worry about Interim CEO and I've read a few reports. We have a very solid management team who spent a lot of weekends, a lot of pizzas, as we build this transaction and the team has a lot of experience in separating assets and really driving what needs to be driven over the next 12 months. And independently from that, the Consumer Management team is also very strong, because all of our investors focus on Enterprise over the last two years. They haven't been too much exposed to that, but I think we have a very strong capable, consumer business today. 
Vincent Pilette: Yeah, so this is Vincent. So we guided obviously in a conservative way knowing that we're going into a major transition. We’re not guiding the full year. Our Q1 results are on track to plan, actually slightly better than expected and we continue to focus on investing marketing spend into the over program to transfer from point of sales to membership sales.  Obviously the marketing investment, we just don't want to pour spends and see later where the returns are. We have a very precise model. We measure returns and we plan to gradually go there, so that's where we are.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you for joining us today. Obviously there has been a lot of news, a lot of good news for our shareholders, for our employees. I can tell you on this side, around the table in the company we are incredibly excited first to partner with Broadcom to make this transfer of the enterprise business a very smooth process for our customers. We will be a partner to Broadcom in making that happen successfully. And secondly, I think the excitement to become a consumer company focused solely on that consumer opportunity is shared across the whole team.  Thank you, and we look forward to updating you as we make progress.
Rick Hill: I’m sorry, let me first really explain the room we have an P&L. We’ve been running this business, to consumer business at around 50%. In the fiscal year ’18 you see in our segment 50% margin, fiscal year ’19, 48%, very much along that line.  Marketing expense have been rationalized over time as they were trying to free up allocation at the corporation level to fund the turnaround of the enterprise business and that's the normal process of corporate budgeting and allocations.  You look at the Q1 results we’ve just posted, the consumer segment is running at the 53% operating margin and we believe there is a sub-investment if you want compared to the opportunity, to be able to turn around the customer count mainly.  So direct marketing, online marketing is our target and we believe we have one to two points of margin here we can invest in our business without changing our long term target of 50% and be able to grow in this low single digit to-date to the mid-single digit.  We also at the same time have moved from product and point of sales licensed product if you want sales into more of a membership approach. And they are trying to upgrade customers from basic membership to higher membership, providing additional functionality from security to identity to privacy is the long term strategy of the business, unless you want to add anything Rick. 
Rick Hill: No, it was perfect. I think the thing to recognize with this business is there are multiple knobs to grow revenue, and Vincent just articulated clearly the knobs of greater membership, and greater membership is also a function of the value of the product offerings that we're creating, which is part of our strategy to improve that value, targeted at you know safety within the home and even in small business.  Now the other knob that we don't talk much about is ARUP, okay, and clearly while our overall customer or our membership has continued to grow, we have had this slow decline in direct acquired customers and that is due to the fact that we had made a conscious decision a couple of years ago to bring down the spending in advertising and promotion by about $40 million, and we have put in programs to basically determine and monitor incremental increases in advertising and promotion, to determine the optimum investment levels in order to begin growth in our directly acquired customers.  In addition to that we're putting in programs with our partners that will also allow us to increase the number of directly acquired members and all of this allows us to basically more efficiently get the customer and therefore offer them a full range of services that we don't necessarily offer to all the partner channels.  So there's a multi-pronged strategy that the business is put in place. Its started at the beginning of the fiscal year. We're beginning to see results in those areas and allowing us to focus on that business solely and not having it encumbered at all. With the performance of enterprise, it should allow us to get that back to the mid-single digit growth that we desire. Thank you. 
Rick Hill: Yeah, well clearly you know endpoint is endpoint. Obviously in the case of SEP, SEP goes into a control panel and it's ideally suited for enterprise applications where Norton Antivirus doesn't really do that, it's not as extensive. But there is some overlap, but our focus and our definition going forward is the consumer market place and that consumer market place also includes small business, because we obviously have had a Norton small business product offering you know along the way. And there's a clear delineation and I don't really envision a huge conflict, because if you are in a large enterprise and you want to control endpoint, you really require, you know you require more ability to control it, where in the consumer it's the individual who is controlling it.  Now having said that, the common thing is, is that they both provide valuable threat intelligence. SEP provides threat intelligence in the enterprise environment, which is a, what I would classify a more benign environment, because corporations are controlling cyber threats at multiple points in their network. Where in the consumer business our access to threat, consumers go anywhere on the net and therefore are subjected to more potential viruses that they can inadvertently bring into the corporation.  We share that data. We will be sharing that data with Broadcom and our enterprise business ongoing to make sure all our customers, whether they were our former enterprise customers or our continuing and growing consumer companies get the best engines and the best coverage dynamically, and I think is a win-win for both companies. I'm excited for our enterprise people, and I'm equally excited for our consumer people, because they've got great ideas and they understand the market and there's great opportunity. And as I said in my talk, as the corporation gets hardened, criminals are more and more going to try to use consumers to get into the corporation, and I think – as I said in the very first call, I think it's very important that consumers be inoculated prior to going back into their place to work. So thank you very much for that question Jonathan.
Rick Hill: Well, first of all the beauty of focusing on consumer is a very steady consistent business. So the predictability of cash flows, the predictability of growth, the predictability of profitability is a lot greater. So our ability ultimately to hone in on what percentage we're going to do dividends, what percentage we are going to do buy back and what percentage we're going to reinvest will be much, much easier to define.  As you can imagine, in the enterprise business with the episodic nature of the revenue, when its overlaid on top of a consumer business, huge big elephant orders that come in or don't come in at the end of the quarter can really greatly affect your cash flows, consequently inhibit your ability to develop a pretty well refined capital allocation strategy.  We are not announcing one today, but we will after the deal closes, try to give you a solid picture of what our intent will be with capital allocation. But as I said in my talk, clearly the board and the management is committed to return of capital to shareholders as is appropriate and is optimized for our investors. So that's my answer and thanks Jonathan. Next question. 
Rick Hill: Yeah, what I would like to add to that is one of the beauties of this transaction is that Broadcom is taking the business and they have an infrastructure for the go-to-market that already exists, which allows an easy transition of our ongoing business to that platform, and what it does is in the situation that our whole team was working on to restructure, to deliver the results within the Symantec Holdco, you obviously have the problem that you can't shut down your – you risk shutting down your revenue stream, while you know you are running the business.  And the consequence is as they move this over, we have these stranded costs that are immediately vacated and so it makes carving them out much easier and during this deal we also retained as part of this deal assets that have embedded, gains in them that are substantial, that we can use to offset this cost. Vincent is going to add something.
Rick Hill: Well, I think one of the things is LifeLock was an absolutely great acquisition, there's no question about it and it continues to be a great acquisition, and our ability to make equivalent type of services available outside of the United States are an opportunity to take that model, which goes back to protecting individuals identity, which we do have new products to do. We're going to expand that model of LifeLock outside of the United States and by the way, Equifax was a bump, but within that LifeLock continues to grow and be very successful.  I think you even heard David Faber this morning highlighting how he uses LifeLock and even though we're not going to have a coupon on this call for everybody to call in, it shows you the value that everyone sees, because there's hardly a person on this planet who hasn't had their identity somehow compromised, and so we don't see an end to the growth in LifeLock. In fact what we see is our opportunity to take the attributes of LifeLock and expand it outside of the United States where it's been enormously successful and that's the only thing that’s different. Go ahead Vincent. 
Rick Hill: Yeah, my active involvement is a personal flaw, but the reality is I could not be more proud of the entire management team and I could not have a better partner than Vincent. And you know I enjoy working with him, but as I said in the last call, I’m a three inning release pitcher and we clearly had a big inning in quarter one and we've got a big job between now and close and as we announced in our press release, we are also taking the opportunity to relieve that both internal and external candidates in order to run the going consumer business.  Vincent is going to drive – clearly be the major player and I could not have a better partner than Vincent to do this, and I believe the whole management team believes that, and so again, I'm still a relief pitcher. I'll be a relief pitcher for a little bit longer, but I am not in any way, shape or form a personal, a permanent structure here. I love the company, love the people, love the products, great mission and I just hope all the investors see it as I do. It’s a great opportunity and what we've done here has really freed up the ongoing RemainCo to be enormously successful. 
Rick Hill: So, I am going to turn this over to the expert and one of the key people involved in this transaction who is irreplaceable, Hugh Thompson. 
Rick Hill: There is a cross license, we are focused on the consumer business and small business, okay and Broadcom is focused on the enterprise systems, our enterprise customers. That is the agreement but we cross license both ways, but each of us simultaneously own specific patents. Ours are the ones that are most closely aligned with the Consumer business and Broadcom's are most closely aligned with the Enterprise business.  There are some overlaps and in those overlap cases they are shared. We have some that still have Enterprise capability, they have some that still have consumer capability, but it's in the best interest of both companies, customers and our shareholders and the world at large that we have these capabilities. Thanks. 
Rick Hill: Okay, so I would tell you and Vincent spoke to the quality and the depth of management we have within consumer. That was a financially driven decision that when you look at the cost to go into an OEM relationship with PC's which is not a hugely growing market by the way, the cost to acquire that customer is so high they're all our alternative ways to acquire customers that are much more efficient and the pay back was way too long for acquiring a PC company and so they elected to pull out of that. Going forward, the thing I want you to understand is we will look at all ways that we can to acquire new customers, but it's all going to be driven with a financial lens as the reason we go into those particular businesses. It's not going to be driven by everybody else does it, and oh gee! It gives a big top line number. I've told everybody for years, anybody can sell $10 bills for $9. The real big key is to be able to sell really those $10 bills for about $40 and that's our goal in life. 
Rick Hill: Okay, there are two variables again to grow the top line; one is ARPU, which is your average price per user and the other one is user. So we don't even have to get to positive directly acquired customers you know in order to get growth. We just need to slow the decline, which in fact our data suggests we've already done and we're titrating the advertising and promotion to keep turning that till we can get it to just zero, that's sort of the optimum. And then we can start adding customers and simultaneously up selling customers.  The beauty of directly acquired customers such that we know who they are as an individual gives us contact and on every you know basically renewal, as we generate more products, we can give our customers more value, and in the renewal process we have the ability to sell more of our products with someone we know and has a high likelihood of buying, that's how we think of this business, and that's really how we're going to run it going forward and that's the variable.  But realistically, our decline right now has slowed dramatically, and as I said, our actual customer acquisition is up; you know our users are up. But part of that through our partnership we don't get the same ARPU and we can't effectively sell all the other value we have, so we want to be able to do more, give those customers more value, so we're going to also be working with our partners to make sure they can sell more value.  And now that we won't have to fund any other business than this, we can look at the P&L of this business and allocate resources based on its net present value of future cash flows by what we're doing and we won't be or have to get it mixed up. It's simple and we have management that’s very, very capable.  The one thing on this call that I want to tell you, that there is no way, unless you have the quality of people that we have here, you can pull off an asset sale in less than a quarter. And believe me it's not a one man show, and when Vincent talks about detail down to the asset tag, we know exactly what's transferring out of this business and we know what's remaining into this business.  From the head count, we know what is transferring out of this business, what our objective is for the ongoing business and the unfortunate part of what we have to reduce within this business, which will also include people who have been instrumental in making this deal happen. I could not be more proud to work with people that I am, with these people. So that's my view.
