James Beer: No, we're not seeing any change in the structure of the buying, if you will. It's very much the same sort of customer environment as we've seen in the last year or year and a half or so. We've just been pleased by the overall volume of bookings driving through to the third.
James Beer: Well, it's a little early to be talking about the next fiscal year. But as I mentioned in my remarks, I would expect the PGP, GuardianEdge deals to be neutral to EPS even in the March quarter. And so, I would expect benefit in fiscal '12. And you see that same sort of trajectory around the VeriSign dilution as well. So, I would certainly be expecting to get to an increasing situation in fiscal '12. Ex the deferred revenue writedown, the deals are accretive already, again as I mentioned.
James Beer: Well, this is one of the reasons why we go to the level of detail, so that you can see each of the primary lines of the P&L, ex the deferred revenue haircut. So, we've given the operating margin and so forth on a more neutralized basis, if you will. And as Enrique said, we'll continue to manage expenses in FY '12 very tightly. Again, as was the case in fiscal '11, we're looking to drive efficiencies in the traditional parts of the business in order to be able to put the right level of spending into the new areas of growth for the future. So, I would expect as we continue on through this FY '12 planning season that we're very much in the middle of right now that, that will continue to be the emphasis.
James Beer: Well, I think you're right, Adam, in characterizing the consumer margins as having stabilized thus far in fiscal '11 versus the situation in fiscal '10. And I would expect that, that, too, will be what continues in the fourth quarter. And again, a little early to look beyond into fiscal '12, but we're pleased with that stabilization that we've seen in the margins this year.
James Beer: The only thing I would add to that is that when you look at the history of our deferred revenue growth on a constant currency basis, both of the previous two December quarters saw growth of 3% year-over-year, even though the economic environment was clearly a very tough one in both of those periods. So, we're seeing robust growth of really reasonable basis in deferred revenue.
James Beer: Well, if you take out deferred revenue balance, you can think of it flowing into the P&L over a 12- to 18-month period. And that's probably the good rule of thumb to be applying.
James Beer: Yes. I mean, obviously, it depends on the mix of what's making up that deferred revenue at any particular point in time. But, it's a tail there, it's clearly not a straight-line function. But, over the next 12 to 18 months, it's generally where we see the balance of any point in time fully into the P&L.
James Beer: Yes. And I'd just further add that while the Sun-Oracle OEM contract certainly had an impact year-over-year on license revenue, and we would expect that to continue on for the next two or three quarters year-over-year, we saw very nice traction around products like NetBackup, Backup Exec, our Archiving products as well. And those are big drivers of license revenue.
Enrique Salem: No, what's happening, John, is that we're also seeing as our cloud-based offerings are more service-based, they create deferred revenue. So our MSS business performed very well. We continued adoption of cloud-based services. And those, our more subscription-oriented, they go onto the balance sheet.
Enrique Salem: I think what we did at Analyst Day is we gave you a range, kind of thinking about a three-year view that basically says that business is flat to slightly down. Now what we're seeing, though, is we've gotten new solutions like Application HA and VirtualStore that we co-developed with VMware that are helping customers think about how they continue to migrate more of their infrastructure to use virtualization. So they're taking that, a lot of customers tell me they're about 1/3 of the way, maybe 40% through virtualizing their servers. With these new technologies, they now can think about how do they go to those production applications and move them into the markets. So, I think that we're clearly seeing some benefit from the new technologies that we started shipping in the last quarter of 2010.
Enrique Salem: As we think about the Consumer business, you heard me talk a little bit about our Norton Everywhere initiative. And so what we've got to do is absolutely go beyond the PC. What Janice and her team are doing is they're thinking about a whole range of new capabilities. You also heard me comment on some new consumer services, the notion of how do we help customers, in effect, clean up their PCs, stabilize their PCs. And so there's a series of service offerings that we're bringing to market. So, it's a combination of going beyond the PC and also delivering new service-based offerings. And so you can take a look at a number of those new services. We're starting to see some good performance from them and they're also good differentiators. So bottom line is you have got to go beyond the PC.
Enrique Salem: As we look at the SMB segment, it still remains a very big opportunity. An interesting stat for you is that there are roughly in the range of about 25 million, 26 million companies that are below the 25-user range. And so what that means is you have got to be able to capitalize on that lower end of the SMB segment. And so that's an area that we see a good opportunity. The other thing that's happening that's important is our partners are saying we want to be able to become more of a managed service provider. And so we're moving our capabilities to be integrated with some of the other platforms that are currently available one the marketplace and obviously, looking at how do we leverage some of our existing technology. As far as metrics, what I would tell you is the two big products that are sold into that segment are our Endpoint Security and our Backup Exec. And so the benefits over time will show up in deferred revenue, that we're seeing some of it there already, and then over time translating into recognized revenue.
Enrique Salem: As you look at the Endpoint business, what we're doing there is we're continuing to simplify the offering and make sure that the low end of the market, as I just talked about in the previous question, doesn't have to install a full product. We're shipping new technologies, like Symantec Hosted Endpoint Protection, where we think that, that will be a nice driver for the SMB segment. If there was one spot where we've got to continue to work on improvement, I think it's in the SMB segment in EMEA, Europe, Middle East and Africa, where I think we're still a bit behind where we would like to be. And that's an area of opportunity for improvement.
Enrique Salem: When we entered the joint venture, we thought about three important things. One, appliance form factors becoming more important to our customers. Two, we wanted better access to the Chinese market. And three, our partner has a big presence in the network side of the telecommunications providers. The joint venture is doing very well. They were able to exceed their plan for the full calendar year 2010. And so at this point, those three things are still important to us. You heard me comment about appliances. You mentioned the FileStore appliance. And so what we're doing right now is we're in active discussions with Huawei about how do we want to proceed with the joint venture. But right now, the joint venture is performing well, and it's creating value. So, we're obviously very engaged in those conversations. And we don't have an update right now, but over the next several months, we'll be able to comment more about the disposition of the 2% or potentially a little bit more.
Enrique Salem: What we're seeing now is we're absolutely winning deals in large enterprise from McAfee. And at this point, they feel like they are a bit of disarray. I mean, we've had a lot of their sales people in Europe come talk to us. We've customers asking the question, "Is McAfee going to get subsumed and become distracted?" And so we see there's an opportunity. Now that deal should close here momentarily, and I think that's where you'll really see the opportunity for Symantec.
Enrique Salem: Let me just give you a comment. Obviously, our goal in what we've been doing, Heather, is thinking about how do we grow the top line, but also we've got to continue to manage expenses. This quarter, we exceeded our deferred revenue about $200 million ahead of consensus, and that drove a bit higher commission expense. But ultimately, our goal is to continue to do a good job, an improving job of managing expenses. I'll let James comment as far as the dilution for next year from the current acquisitions.
Enrique Salem: What I would tell, Adam, is very specifically, we're seeing that people are buying more of the portfolio. I think James commented about 77% of the deals had multiple products. And that's been one of the areas we've been pushing on pretty hard because when we do some of the analysis in our customer base, a lot of them, especially as you look at the Enterprise segment, which is below the largest companies, they have one, maybe two products. So, the ability to cross sell the portfolio is absolutely helping us. The other thing that's happening is customers are still not pre-buying the out years, years two and three, as they've done in the past. And so that's why we're getting the cluster of deals in that $300,000 and $500,000 range. But it's absolutely the benefit of our portfolio and the ability to cross sell.
Enrique Salem: What you want to look at is there's a couple of trends that are favoring or moving us to a more ratable or deferred revenue model. First, as we go to cloud-based services, if you look at MSS doing well, hosted services. And in hosted services, not just hosted messaging security, but you also have our trust services or SSL business, which is also a deferred revenue or ratable revenue recognition. So you've got a move to cloud-based services that's going to move to more of a subscription. I think the second part of it is, absolutely are seeing the good momentum in a number of different product lines that continue to drive that deferred revenue balance. And so, my sense is the biggest driver is the move to hosted or subscription-based products that will become ratable instead of license maintenance.
Enrique Salem: I haven't done a recent calculation for a 12-month period, but again, we are seeing good momentum across the MSS business, the hosted services and the VeriSign trust services.
Enrique Salem: As I talk to the board, it's really continuing to execute against the priorities that we set for the business. We actually believe China is becoming more and more important going forward, and so that joint venture gives us a significant presence. I was in China in early December, and just the ability to have the largest tech company in China, basically, as your partner gives you a nice halo effect. And so, what we talk about is how are we doing against the strategic objectives of the joint venture? And what I'm happy to report on is across the three we outlined, we are doing exactly what we expected. And so, at this point, the joint venture, as it grows its revenue, is creating value and we expect to continue on that trajectory. So our goal is to work with Huawei right now to figure what is the best path forward for the joint venture with us and Huawei being its parents.
Enrique Salem: Well, what we're doing is we're absolutely on a strategy, both for the Consumer and Enterprise business that is device-independent. We feel that we need to deliver capabilities on any device anywhere, anytime. And that's what Janice outlined for the Consumer business at the last Analyst Day. She talked about it under the Norton Everywhere title. And what we'll definitely do is continue to move in that direction. And what you should expect is over the next six to nine months, we'll continue to extend the capabilities across platforms. But today, with Norton Connect, you're already able to access the content that's being backed up using Norton 360 from your iPhone, from your Android device. And so, at this point, what we're doing is going to extend the capabilities so on any device, you'll be able to take advantage of the information you may be creating or using from your PC. So, the important notion here that customers are telling us is tablets and mobile devices are companion devices, not necessarily replacement. So, what we expect, while we may not see the same level of growth in the PC market, we do still expect growth in PCs. But then the ability to be across all of the devices is what becomes more important going forward.
Enrique Salem: I don't think we have a target as far as who we're going to hire. We're just saying that there is some level of interest in people to leave that organization. And so, our expectation is that, that will continue to create some disruption. As far as targeted programs, it's a competitive environment and we're always looking at ways to continue to gain share in the Security business until we've had a number of different programs, and we're obviously going to continue those programs as we move forward.
Enrique Salem: As we look at it in the last Analyst Day, we talked about the portfolio, right? We have a portfolio of capabilities, and I don't think I'm going to change anything that James talked about. And so, as we think about it, it's absolutely -- we believe it's a mid-single-digits number that we are targeting right now. And the environment continues to improve from here. There'll be opportunities because from our perspective, we've got a fantastic portfolio, and it's getting better. But a lot of it, as you say Neil, is driven by what's happening in the overall IT environment.
Enrique Salem: On specifically, the drag, we definitely feel that there's a little bit more to that pail. There's probably another six months or so left, where the Oracle deal is a bit of a drag. But, then we have new things, other partners, who are doing very well with that business, specifically HP and Linux or Red Hat, were showing real clear improvements. And then the big opportunity is clearly around VMware with some of the new capabilities around AppHA and VirtualStore.
Enrique Salem: So Phil, you're right to say the headwind that we faced in the transition of Sun and the slowing of the Solaris platform has been a factor. And then you touched on the other side of it, which is sales force execution. I think that the combination of the product portfolio, we've got a lot of demand for products like DLP for products like NetBackup, and we've got a focused sales force. So that combination is what's driving the improvement. There's still more work to do, but I'm very pleased with how our sales force performed around the world. Usually, I'll talk about one region did well or another, but what I saw was consistent execution across the sales force across the world. And my expectation is that, that will continue into the March quarter and beyond.
Enrique Salem: I would tell you I didn't see a change in sales cycles. I think we had a robust pipeline going into the quarter, and we saw a good deal closure, but nothing different than we expected. As far as new normal, I think we've got good sales force execution right now. Team is doing very well, products are doing well, and so I expect that to continue into March and beyond.
Enrique Salem: I think it will take -- it's a multi-year effort as this move to mobility continues to increase, and businesses and consumers think about what they need to do on those devices. Because it's not just a security play. One of the categories is how do you manage those devices. So it's a combination of management and security. When I mentioned six to nine months, you'll expect to hear more, for example, at the Barcelona World Congress. You'll hear some of the thoughts that we've got around new partnerships and new capabilities, expect to hear at Analyst Day later in May, specifically about some of the new initiatives. And so that's what I'm referencing in the six to nine months. But as far as the revenue and having a big impact on our total business, it will take a little bit longer.
Enrique Salem: Thanks, operator. Well, I'm pleased with the team's execution in our better-than-expected December quarter results. I'm optimistic about our prospects for the March quarter, and so I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this afternoon. And I look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
