Stephen M. Bennett: You're stretching. I think that we just shared with our sales force and obviously, we've been sharing with some of our customers these roadmaps when we had our Worldwide Sales and Marketing Conference a couple of weeks ago. And the feedback from both customers, partners and salespeople has been very, very positive. And so we are trying to figure out what the right path is. I know we'll talk about this at Investor Day next May, and my guess is there -- that you'll see some of this between now and then, and we don't really have a good path on this. But it's -- of the 10 new offerings that we announced, we still have 10. One didn't make it and we came up with the idea of one new one. And so your feedback, all of your feedback to Helyn and the best way for us to share some of these data would be helpful. But I think that it did not affect revenue in the current period, but we're excited about how it'll help us meet the 5% CAGR that we talked about longer term.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think, John, what we talked about was we're rolling it out in a thoughtful way as we talked about, going as fast as we feel comfortable with given all the moving parts. And so we're not going to release kind of the details by country or geo, and I think it'll be different in Asia Pacific based on the different languages that there might be in the U.S. or Europe. And so I think the -- we launched in the second quarter in some geographies, and some will come in later in the year and we expect to launch in all of them between now and the end of the fiscal year. I think that's kind of what we wanted to talk about at this point.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think we shared what we wanted to share, Keith. And we said that we turned on the renewals part in some parts of the world in Q2 that -- and that we are in the process of implementing new territories and James' Information Management and Information Security specialization. And those changes are in play and they're going to happen between now and the end of the fiscal year where we're going to implement all the changes that we talked about in some sequential fashion. Yes, so none of those changes were in place in Q1. And we have a traditional model where an enterprise field salesperson was getting compensated on new and renew, but that was really for the last time. But what was covered in Q1 is that we eliminated and changed the entire management structure of the sales force, so it's not that the sales force was not impacted in -- but we impacted sales management in Q1, but not salespeople. Now, we start with some changes that are affecting salespeople.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think we feel surprisingly good. We've looked at the data for the first 3 months of the second quarter and we're ahead of the previous year. So we did not see -- and we put governors on the amount of renewals so that people could get commissioned on in Q1, so we actually feel like -- that we managed Q1 -- we didn't try and maximize Q1. I think it happened naturally, and we're ahead of where we were through the first 3 weeks of July versus last year, and so we feel quite excited about. I think the thing that's most important is there's a lot of positive energy in our company you right now, and we've gone through some tough changes in Q1. We're going to go through some more in Q2. But there's a lot of positive energy from all of our employees, and I think they like what's going and I think they're stepping up their game. And that's sometimes hard to predict, the impact that will have at the end of the quarter. But there's a lot of positive momentum for us in -- with our employees.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, the restructuring impact will be picking up. But the cost -- the benefits will be starting to -- the cost base will start to go down, yes, and we'll see more of that in Q2. And then in the second half will be more into the full run rate benefit, if you will.
Stephen M. Bennett: We're at the 1-mile mark in a marathon, so 1-mile mark out of 26 miles. And the flywheel is just starting to spin. We had our officers' meeting where we got the top 140 people in the company together a couple of weeks ago. I will tell you, the people that were here before and are still here are different people than they were a year ago in a positive sense, and I shared an interesting statistic with the officers that investors probably should see, too. Of the top 12 people that were running the company a year ago, 7 are no longer with the company. And our officer population, which was 146, I think, a year ago, 70 are no longer with the company. So we've had quite a significant leadership transition. We've attracted some great talent from the outside, and the 70-plus officers that were here a year ago, that are still here, including both James and Helyn, are different people in a positive sense than they were a year ago. So we're -- but we're at the 1-mile marker on a long-term journey and there's no big silver bullets, there's no big catalysts here. It's going to be slow and steady, build a foundation a brick at a time and continue to -- on the path to make this company the best that it can be.
Stephen M. Bennett: Okay, I think we're not going to give you guys the details you keep asking for because we don't want to be held accountable to the timeline details on implementing something that we're moving as fast as we can. I think it's safe to say that more will happen earlier rather than later, but that will be complete by the end of the fiscal year.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think -- no, I think it's actually a really good question. And I think the answer is it'll be completely a service, it will completely ratable, so I can handle that one for James. I think the concept here is MSS on steroids with much broader and more capability, which integrates our stuff into a platform with third-party stuff. Because as we said in the third element of our offering strategy that we've learned that we can integrate with third parties to deliver even more value for customers, and we're working on those deals. I have a meeting tomorrow actually with one of them, and we've been having meetings for quite a while. So I think it will be completely of service, and you'll start to see modules of that coming in the roadmap as early as within 6 months. And so -- but it will be a slow and steady release of these new capabilities, that's why they're multi-year roadmaps, and we're very excited about it. Every CIO I've talked to about this ISS concept said, "If you had that, I'd buy it". And how will the economics work? We haven't figured all that out yet, but we will deliver a lot of value to customers. And my view is we will get paid for the value we deliver for customers because we will save them a lot of money and we'll also have nice margins in those services.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, we just hired a CMO and we're -- I think their first day is Thursday. And so that is a really, really key hire for us and we've got really a spectacular individual that's chosen to join our team as the CMO. And I think we -- at the top, we're pretty -- in pretty good shape. I think we'll continue to evolve. And we have high-performance standards here, so that doesn't mean we'll ever be done. I think we'll continue to evolve. But I think for the most part, in the top 23 or 24 people that sit around the table with me every 2 weeks and run the company, I think we've got a strong team and it's getting better individually and collectively. And I'm very excited about the progress we're making.
Stephen M. Bennett: We just did. I mean, we just told you that we just grew in Endpoint today despite headwinds in Altiris, we grew Norton and we grew our SEP Enterprise business. So the -- and we're also doing well in mobile. Actually, I just saw an e-mail beforehand. We just got a $1.4 million mobile deal from a very large retailer, so I think that just booked like today. So I think that we've estimated in all of our forecasts, in 5 and 30, that the Endpoint market was going to be flat. So that said, we grew Norton and we grew our Enterprise Endpoint business this quarter despite PC sales. So I think this big focus on PC sales having some dramatic impact on Symantec is -- was a great question 10 years ago, to be honest, when that was really all we did. But this is a much more diversified portfolio now, and we do all sorts of different things. And so I don't think PC sales has a huge positive or negative impact on us because of all the other opportunities that we're in that are growing double digits. And as we shift our focus from markets that aren't growing to markets that are and do some innovation, I think we can more than offset the flat growth that we expect in the Endpoint business.
Stephen M. Bennett: And a thing I would add to that -- James, I would add to that is this is an important thing for -- at least philosophically, for me to share. At the end of the day, we're solving for in a committed operating margin increases. Gross margins are driven by the mix of business and all sorts of other things. And so some of the new products that we're going to grow -- are going to have different gross margin structure, and that's -- we're going to be competitive and we're going to grow. So at the end of the day, it's important for investors, at least to know my very strong philosophy, it's about revenue growth, organic revenue growth and operating margin expansion. And so I felt like I was compelled to share that today.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think that's a really -- Robert, I think that's a really good question. I think as we are in the process of, and I'm intimately involved in a whole new kind of channel strategy for us where I think we have all sorts of interesting opportunities, one of the big things we're talking about is exactly that point that you brought up. And so stay tuned for that. At some point here, it's one of the things that we've talked about in terms of go-to-market enhancements that we think is going to create a lot of value for both the channel and for our customers and allow us to be, frankly, more productive is to have a really powerful partner and channel strategy and program, which we really didn't have in the past. Our strategy in the past was everybody sells everything, that was our channel strategy. And so we're going to be much more strategic, and I think one of the areas we're focusing a lot on is service providers, whether they'd be telcos or whether they'd be some of the hosted service providers and how do we have right-for-me offerings and value propositions for these different channels and have a much more strategic look. And so I think it's a big opportunity for us and stay tuned for some additional insight from us as we firm that up.
Stephen M. Bennett: So one thing I would add to that, I think it's important for investors to understand, of the $350 million that James talked about, where we're giving $100 million to investors in terms of margin expansion. On the $250 million that we're reinvesting, I think it's important for investors to understand that 80% of that is being invested in things that will produce no fiscal year '14 benefit. So we really have shifted the focus to put more money into things that are going to power longer term growth, and we're quite excited about -- that's a big change for us. And so 80% on no fiscal year '14 benefit and $50 million of that $250 million, we think, could have some impact later on this year.
Stephen M. Bennett: I think the more macro thought is we've got really 4 or 5 things that we are implementing this year starting in the second quarter, and I think you've heard about all of them between the scripts today. One is we're launching the renewals team. Two, we're changing our sales force from farmers to hunters and paying only on new business. Three, we're focusing the majority of our sales force on being information management or information security specialists. Four, we're working on a new channel strategy that we talked about. And five, we are in the process of retooling our sales incentives over time to pay on profit and revenue, but that won't affect us until fiscal year '15. So those are really the 5 levers that we are filtering in between now and the last one, which will be a fiscal year '15 impact. And so we're not going to get into the details on when we're doing what by country or region or all of that or all those things. We just kind of shared those are the 5 major things we're implementing, and we're doing it as fast as we can and as thoughtful as we can to minimize disruption, all of which we are confident are going to make us a higher performing, faster growth company in the long term.
Stephen M. Bennett: Yes, I think it's a good question, Gregg. And I'm not sure we know because we are investing a lot and we're -- but we're breaking down a lot of barriers in these new offerings and we've had all these silos and redundancies. And so I think this is one of the variables we have to play with. It's a growth market, and we've got good positions and we think we can grow faster and we think we can improve the margins. And I don't have a kind of -- I don't know enough to have an opinion about whether it should be a 25% operating margin business. But I think the more meta point that you're alluding to is over time, my philosophy on this, and some of you have heard me say this, is, look, we want to deliver against the 5 and 30 and put that in the rearview mirror and prove that. And then I think the discussion we're going to have, which is an extension, Gregg, of your question is, okay, now do we deliver more margin or do we deliver faster organic growth and how do we tradeoff between those 2? So my focus at this point is to get over the 5 and 30 hurdle, frankly, as fast as we can. And then second, start -- we'll know more at that point because that's not going to be next quarter. That might be in 1 year, 1.5 years or 2 years. Then we'll know more about our team's ability to execute and invest and deliver, and then we'll have the discussion about operating margin expansion versus organic revenue growth. And at the end, my bias would be the market opportunities are there, the faster we can drive organic growth, the more leverage -- the more value we're going to create for our shareholders. But that's where everybody rightfully is the most skeptical, so let's prove 5 and 30 and then have this discussion after we're over the 5 and 30 bar. So if I could -- I love your question, I'd love to defer it for 1 year or 2 and then have it. And you can hold me to that, bring that up in a couple of years when we're above the hurdle.
Stephen M. Bennett: Well, the sales rep quotas are going to go down because they're only focused on new business. And the renewals team will have the quota for renewals. So look, I think -- hopefully, you can trust us to manage that because that's a pretty basic thing when you're running a $7 billion company. I think at the end of the day, we believe we're going to have better performance on both fronts because we have focus on new license and incentives aligned with that and we have focus and incentives aligned on renewals. And I think that focus and leadership from the top down will produce better outcomes, and we're quite confident since that's really the norm for everybody else in the industry. Other -- that's a better way to run the railroad. And so we're just copying other people's best practices a few years after they all went that way.
Stephen M. Bennett: So, everybody, thanks for the support. I really am pleased with the performance this quarter. It was way above what I expected. We've been thoughtful about what we've shared. In the next quarter, we're going to try and do the best we can do, but there is some uncertainty and we're quite confident about the 0% to 2% for the year and the path to the 30% margins or the 200 basis points for this year, anyway. But there's a lot of moving parts, and I hope you don't get ahead of me here, which you could, because there's a lot of uncertainty. But at the end of the day, we're going to make this company the best we can be. But we're solving -- we're creating long-term value, not short-term value. And so we're going to take any kind of short-term transition pain to get it right so that we can make this 5 and 30 commitment we made in the January announcement. So thanks for your support and look forward to reporting on how we delivered in the second quarter and maybe to see some of you at the Citi Conference in New York. Goodbye, everybody.
James A. Beer: Well, I think it's important to recognize how much of our revenue in the quarter is ratable. So I particularly drew reference in the June quarter to that 89% number. And for the September quarter, the starting balance sheet will drive 77% of our revenue. And then we'll add to that based on ratable activity from in-period sales. So I think that should give you some comfort as to the revenue guide that we put out there.
James A. Beer: I think that's probably appropriate. That would certainly be consistent with the approach that we've taken for setting the guidance range.
James A. Beer: Yes, so our restructuring and transition expenses are GAAP-only items. And so that's $83 million for the quarter, and the significant majority of that was driven by severance, the balance was driven by ongoing ERP implementation. So I would expect that we'd see a larger number in Q2 as we build on through our reorganization process. We've got through very significant majority of the employee notifications at this point. The activity in terms of booking the severance and so forth comes a little later.
James A. Beer: Yes, we saw relatively little impact in the June quarter just because of the timing of what I was mentioning a little earlier there. And so I would expect that to start picking up in the September quarter and be getting closer to a full quarterly run rate in the third quarter.
James A. Beer: Yes, I think that as we've been quite clear on in the past, nothing has changed. And current deals we have are not attractive to us, and we'd be financially ahead if we didn't have the deals we have. And it might hurt us a little bit on revenue, but we'd be financially ahead. That hasn't changed, and so we don't know what's going to happen. Time will tell. We're not going to sign another money-losing deal, I can guarantee you on that. And so time will tell and we'll see how that all plays out.
James A. Beer: Well, I think that we'll continue to grow our appliances and subscription businesses, but at the same time, we'll continue to look for ways to make more efficient and effective the costs that create the COGS. So I think directionally, I'd be looking for gross margins around where they are at the moment. So that's what we're focusing on.
James A. Beer: Okay, so in terms of the $350 million of cost that we've identified is not being consistent with the strategy. We have redirected the majority of those to things that are important for the strategy that are going to drive growth. And the remaining money, we're letting it drop to the bottom line to achieve our 200-basis-point margin improvement goal. In terms of cash flow, that will be impacted obviously by the severance charges that we'll be expecting to pay out over the coming several months here. So that will really be the driver. I would expect, beyond this transitional period, to see our cash flow from operations growing consistent directionally with our operating profit growth.
James A. Beer: Well, I'd say in terms of the macro economy, just slow, steady improvements. There -- fundamentally, there's good demand for both the storage and the security side of our product access. And we've got a terrific set of point products in the market today. And as you've heard, we're busy building the integrated offerings to complement those current products. In terms of the big deals, yes, we were pleased that both the greater than a $1 million and greater than $300k-type deals were off significantly. Those stats can move around from one quarter to another. Geographically, pleased with the European result there at 6% growth, obviously, challenging macro backdrop in Europe, very steady Americas growth as well. Asia, yes, 1%. The story there was around Japan, where we saw some weakness around Norton on the retail level. And in the previous quarter, Q4, Japan had a particularly strong Enterprise quarter. So again, we feel comfortable with the trajectory of the business in Asia Pacific.
James A. Beer: Well, it was really a range of the different offerings there. So I wouldn't call out anything particularly beyond there were several of the product areas, DLP, Managed Security Services, so it was a good result all around.
