Natalie Derse: Yeah, sure. Thanks for the question. So first, if I look at it, look, we're proud to be growing bookings for the second quarter in the row in mid-single digits, up 4%. As we spoke to this quarter and last quarter, that growth is driven by the acceleration and the success of cross-sell into a broader portfolio. It's driven by a reacceleration of DTC and customer acquisition, stable retention across the brands, the strength really coming through, not only across broad based, but identity and privacy products that we've introduced. And then, when you look at revenue, keep in mind that that revenue on an as-reported basis, that, first of all, includes legacy business lines and, obviously, is on as-reported basis in USD. When you take that out, and you really look at the Cyber Safety revenue, excluding legacy, excluding the FX headwinds, we grew 3%. So, not that far off of the bookings rate of growth. And then, as we continue to scale, and as we continue to quarter-after-quarter deliver on that bookings growth, that will eventually feed and really converge with revenue rate of growth over time.
Natalie Derse: Yeah. I think from -- like you heard Vincent talk about, when we -- now we see two quarters of the momentum that we see, and look, we like what we see. I don't want that to be lost in the overarching metric with ARPU sequentially down and now two quarters of sequential customer adds. I think it's important to understand as much as we can and explain to you guys what's happening at the cohort level. So, let's just talk about ARPU for a second first. If you break that down and we really see the core online business, we see expansion in ARPU, and we've seen that for many, many, many quarters in a row, especially as we continue to drive in a successful manner more and more adoption of cross-sell, that has been a growth driver and lever for us in the recent quarters. And as you heard in back in November, it will continue to be one of our main levers as we drive forward, not only with the different cohorts that come in as we expand internationally, but as we, again, have a robust product portfolio and continue to bring new products to market. And then, when you look at the economics of the other cohorts, they're very healthy. We've said and we've been very explicit that we will continue to invest in marketing to drive growth and drive expansion and diversify, but we don't burn money in the parking lot. So, even as the cohorts mix together, and at the top-level metric, on a blended basis, it looks down quarter-over-quarter -- it is down quarter-over quarter, within the cohorts, they're very healthy. And so, as we look forward in that metric, or we look forward as to where the customer acquisition is going to come, and we achieved compared to as they come through the funnel what products and solutions are they choosing at which time, it's definitely all about diversification, and it's all about growth, and we don't pick and choose or prioritize one channel, market, et cetera, over the other. What we're looking for is sustainable and profitable growth. And as we look at the performance of the performance marketing dollars, we put the fuel behind the most fruitful opportunities that we can in a balanced approach. Now, how that all that math comes together quarter in, quarter out, I think that's going to look different, and it's going to flex as we make those decisions. And what we've got to make sure that we lay out for you guys is that it is a balanced and disciplined approach, and that the diversity that we are driving is a healthy one for Gen.
Natalie Derse: Yeah, that's another message I want to make sure that we reiterate, and are super clear, like the EB funnel is just incredibly robust, it's never been stronger. The team there is really driving diversification expansion, and really increasing the quality. So, we've got deals in the hopper of all size and scale, and we're just really having a disciplined approach. There's an operational excellence component to that. That team is doing really, really well. And I look at it as, when we manage these deals, we're just being great partners. We're bring great partners to our partners, for lack of a better way to say it, but the customers and the EB deals, those integrations can be -- as we look at different size and scales of the deals, they can be pretty complicated. And so, we're making sure that we are absolutely delivering on our commitment to them, and then as they integrate and really work through the integration on their side, there are eventually, at times, just timing components to it. So that's how I would encourage you guys to look at it. Again, the EB funnel has never been stronger.
Natalie Derse: Yes. So, the deal linearity, we just -- our partner channels are so diverse. I know you attended the Investor Day, but for everybody else in the call, like, we've talked about how many different channels are in partner, and quarter in, quarter out the timing of those deals and the diversity of those channels, and how they come together, they won't be linear. What I would reiterate is that what we talked about at our Investor Day, and I would reiterate here is the partner channel is very, very critical for us. We laid out a growth plan over the long term to add about $100 million of incremental partner revenue. And so, the teams are aligned to that, driving towards that, and we'll stay focused on that goal and give you guys progress updates along the way. And then, in terms of the share buyback, in terms of -- I don't really want to comment on conservative or aggressive, but we definitely will have a balanced capital allocation. We had already had -- prior to the receipt of that $900 million, we had earmarked a balanced approach across share buyback and accelerated debt pay down for Q4. Again, as we laid out for you guys in November. We'll continue that balanced approach. And then, like we said, the $900 million is now available for us to deploy. We already have that in, and ready to go in terms of how we're going to deploy that in Q4.
Natalie Derse: Yeah, I would say, look -- let's look at the top-level number. I think based on the performance that we delivered in Q3 versus what the midpoint of the guide, let's just face into that, that's about $5 million versus midpoint. And so, nothing's going to be material. There's a handful of things that go into that, approximately $5 million miss to the midpoint, us delivering on the low end. And so, the partner deals are a contributor. The fact that when we talk about our growth levers coming through, and we talk about the mix of the customers coming through the funnel, et cetera, that had some. There's a little bit of FX, et cetera. So all in, nothing on an individual line item basis is material, all tallying up to about a $5 million delta.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. And just to bridge first back to your first question at Natalie, I think the two leading indicators we have for this business, that will then flow back into the P&L is the booking growth rate, and Natalie mentioned, our 4%, and then the second one is the customer count growth that we discussed, whether it's indirect or direct. You're right, so we grew sequential or sequentially our direct customer count for the second quarter in a row. We actually achieved a record, right? So, when you take Avast plus NortonLifeLock together at the time of the merger, we are now at a record 38.9 million, and that has been definitely a very strong sign of the quarter. We did discuss at the ID back in November that we'll drive with discipline. Every one of our channels is managed economically positive over the lifecycle of the customers, right? So, the CLV over CAC by all the channel is very important, and rebalancing our marketing investment across all of the channel, and if we have a bit more momentum in certain, then we're going to capture quickly that presence in that channel. For the last two quarter internationally, emerging market, and maybe closer to the security line, which is identity privacy, has been the traction. We also shared at the time that in developed and emerging country, ARPU is $35 on average in emerging markets. As you move into more developed, it's $70. And then, when you get fully mature, ARPU is $135. Now, we feel good, because we know we have very strong capability of cross-selling and upselling. And as we continue to mature new channels or enter new channels and mature, then there is space there, we have a chance to expose our customers to a broader protection of their digital lives, and that has been our strategy. So, that's how we're doing it. So, the aggregated metric for total Gen on ARPU, if you want, has to consider that mix and we're looking at the ARPU across all the channels and then driving the cross-sell/upsell in each one of those.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. So, let me address both and they combine, obviously, in the dynamic. Definitely, the ARPU is still growing year-over-year, but it's sequentially down, it's driven by mix. We are not discounting more in each one of the channels. We didn't see any anything outside of the normal business dynamic that we had seen in prior quarters. And to be honest with you, we love all of our channels, and where we see momentum, we're going to allocate some of the marketing dollars. In this case, this quarter was maybe a little more allocated towards lower ARPU channels, but very economically positive in the long term. So, we feel good about that. So that's the entire ARPU dynamic mix shift. When you talk about retention, we were stable quarter-over-quarter. We're actually improving in key areas, but we are slightly below our plan, and we were doing real-time allocation of our resources. We're also preparing to move now to common platform this year is the big rollout of our new product set and merging the different campaigns, understanding the different things, had to be some trade-offs with the day-to day drive of the activity. So, we did not improve as much as we had in our brand, if you want. But we feel really good, and I think as we continue to progress quarter-on-quarter, now, it may not be exactly linear, but feel very good that we will get to our 80%, Hamza.
Vincent Pilette: So, pricing is very strategic to us, right, and we really are pricing for value. So, we constantly innovate, add new features, and then keep our price constant with markets. And when you say we didn't take price increase, that's not true. We always price for the value we deliver into the market, adding new features. And I think the growth rate you mentioned, cross-sell/upsell, definitely the cross-sell, meaning, adding more to Cyber Safety, or the upsell towards that membership, it's two of our five key levers for growth, right? We also, obviously, want to continue to expand. Very pleased to have new customer coming in in last quarter and this quarter. We want to expand and continue to expand with partners to provide Cyber Safety solutions. And we're looking at the overall, if you want, as a balanced approach, delivering and pricing for them.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah. So, as we reported, Q2, first quarter of sequential growth. As you know, we said we're finishing strongly in September with good momentum outside of the US and international and new emerging markets. That's what at Analyst Day we indicated, kind of the profile of customer by those markets, so we can model them. Obviously, they carried into Q3 at a stronger pace than we anticipated. We told you it would slowdown, we didn't know it was sustainable. We saw it was sustainable and continue to put marketing dollars into those trends. And I think going into Q4, we now have two quarters sequential experience with it, if you want, we plan to continue into Q4. We'll give more indications when we give the annual guidance of '25 in May. Plenty of things can happen between now and then, especially making the progress in retention. In term of retentions, we -- actually as I mentioned, we made good progress across the brands. So, I see nothing changing from a fundamental progress and you know that we have the aspiration to bring the Avast brands to closer to where the Norton is, and we're making good progress there in term of trading off certain initiatives for platform integrations that were more day-to-day through the quarter as we were preparing for integration.
Vincent Pilette: Definitely. In partner, we have multiple channels, right? So, employee benefit is one of them. We have the telcos, we have some of the retail, we have strategic partners as well, and they all behave slightly differently. They also have a different relationship between your bookings and your revenue compared to the normal DTC business, which is 90% of our business as you know. In term of the employee benefit channel, we continue to grow the pipeline. We've been growing double digits, maybe we're a bit overoptimistic in term of closing certain of these deals that would then carry immediate impact here during sign-up times, and those will be delayed and carry going into fiscal '25, they're not lost deals, but it takes time to deploy. We're also deploying into those installed base higher value proposition, which may be started initially as basic identity protection, adding all the way to the full membership structure with ReputationDefender, a new product, and those taking a little bit more time. Each channel may have different ARPU of their employee base is very close to LifeLock, maybe 20%, 25% lower than the average, but very close to it.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah, definitely a few key deals slipped into fiscal year '25, and we did not put them into our Q4 forecast.
Vincent Pilette: Yeah, absolutely. And we have a lot of activities with partner, that's why partner is so strategic. As we embedded into security and security concerns into solutions that the consumer buy, and then directly with the consumer, we have a full set of activities in term of educating, reminding them. It's also part of our customer success journey that we drive directly with all of our customers. Hygiene, as you know, in cyber security is a big component of that. We definitely are using more and more AI as Ondrej mentioned at the ID using AI to combat AI, if you want. The shift towards a personalized, interactive, intuitive cyber safety companion, if you want, is absolutely essential. We launched Norton Genie as an example of early on what we can do to try to identify some of those fake scams that will become more and more sophisticated. And with that our product will become more and more powerful as it really can scam the entire spectrum of digital threat. So, you will see the evolution of cyber safety for consumer becoming more and more embedded and personalized to you or your behaviors.
