Natalie Derse: Thank you, Vincent, and hello, everyone. For today’s discussion, I will focus on non-GAAP financials, starting with our full year fiscal 2022 results, followed by our Q4 performance details and then provide our outlook for Q1 fiscal year 2023. Fiscal year 2022 was a strong year for our business. We met our growth expectations through consistent execution of our plans and in turn, completed a successful first year towards our long-term objectives. We finished fiscal 2022 with over $2.8 billion in revenue, growth of 10.4% in constant currency, slightly above our guidance. Our bookings further grew 8% in constant currency, our second consecutive year of high single-digit growth after years of flat to low single-digit growth. We achieved an annual operating margin of 52.7%, up 300 basis points year-over-year. On the bottom line, we delivered $1.75 in EPS over 20% growth year-over-year and at the high end of our original guidance of $1.65 to $1.75. We have scaled to over 23.5 million direct customers while maintaining our industry-leading customer retention of 85% and monthly ARPU of $8.90. As we prepare for the merger with Avast, we ended the year with approximately $1 billion in free cash flow, up 38% year-over-year.
Natalie Derse: There is a disconnect, I would say, yes. And just in concept, yes, bookings 1 year will indicate where our revenue is trending the prior – the next year with the exception, of course, of any of our revenue streams that don’t get count in bookings. So yes, you are on the right track there.
Natalie Derse: Yes. I mean the difference between bookings and revenue is bookings is what we recognize in period and then revenue is, of course, as we rolled off the balance sheet, we have got not only the in period combined with partner and then we have got the deferred revenue balance rolling off the balance sheet. The FX comes into play as the deferred balance rolls off. And so we need – we obviously need to deal with that is the FX impact as it rolls off the balance sheet. But I don’t see – we talked about in the range of mid-single digits for bookings. Just to reiterate for Q1 guide just a constant currency of 5% to 7%. I am not sure what disconnect we are talking about.
Natalie Derse: Yes. Thanks Saket. Share buyback, as we said on the call, and as you guys know, we haven’t been able to do any in fiscal year 2022. So, we are looking forward to in 2023 to be able to use that. We have talked about it as a key tenet of our capital allocation strategy, but we have just been restricted. So, we are really looking at as we go forward, really trying to figure out is there any opportunity in order to get back in and do opportunistic share buyback. It’s really – it’s very, very specific in terms of not only when we can do it. We have got to obviously work across the aisle with Avast and the UK takeover panel. So, the mechanics are very, very specific and there is very, very limited opportunity for us to do it. We are – we have worked with them and gained some very limited ability to do it as we look forward into 2023, but we still have to work out the mechanics on the execution.
Vincent Pilette: But in short, Hamza, we do not know anything special outside of Natalie’s mentioned the late 12 months, there is no anything special that we know about. And so yes, bookings and revenue should trend.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. And we are not immune to the macro level headwind, right. We are definitely aware of inflationary pressures. You have seen the PC shipment decline here in first calendar quarter. We definitely see marketing expense rates increasing, which is also a sign of tighter environment and everybody pushing. And so we navigate through that as we mentioned. We are not immune to that, but we do have a lot of different levers as we look at our business to drive growth. On one side, it’s all about educating consumers on our comprehensive cyber safety portfolio as we expand identity and privacy outside of the U.S. It’s something we believe we have a big opportunity. As we continue to drive initiatives on retention increasing, first year retention has been a priority for 12 months, and we have made progress in that, and we will continue to make progress. And then the third one is really about the ARPU as we expand the higher offering, especially in international. We mentioned about half of our customers are located outside of the U.S., where the ARPU is about half of that of the U.S. on average, whatever we see is on the same per country and per offering. But we do feel we have a big opportunity on all three levers to navigate through the macro level headwind. Definitely, Q1 calendar had a lot of uncertainties and volatilities as, of course, you have seen and as reported by many other companies.
Vincent Pilette: Yes, definitely. So, digital identity for me is kind of the next element of your digital life, you want to protect, right. If you do all started about protecting new device then over time, you evolve and wanted to protect new devices, then all of your data and transactions moving to the cloud and now suddenly, the sum of your actions became like a digital identity. Every digital user, if you want has multiple identities, even a lot more on average if somebody has five to seven devices and identities, digital identities is 10 to 50 digital identities. And so protecting those may mean different things per country in the U.S., very social security numbers centric, very credit-centric, other countries, different elements. And then each countries internationally continue to mature more into this digital world. You may know the European Union is launching now the second version of a digital wallet. And all of that creates opportunity for hackers, unfortunately, and then for us to provide protection. I think it takes time to build momentum internationally. Over a year ago, we launched LifeLock in Canada in partnership with TELUS. And here in this last quarter, we have seen momentum picking up. We know it’s a multiyear effort. Similarly in Japan, we launched in a different way, different format than Canada, and we have got great traction there being the leader in this space. Just this quarter, we launched in the UK, we know that’s the market that’s more mature to adopt a similar angled service-oriented like in the U.S., then Germany, other countries are still maturing. And I think we are here for the long-term, and we know it is a long-term initiatives to build the total comprehensive digital protection for consumers outside of the U.S.
Vincent Pilette: Second, Vincent, just to add on that, a mid-single-digit booking growth rate is somewhat in line. You can assume that full year revenue. Unless you have significant shift in trends in bookings, then that would take 12 months to catch up. And then you have, as Natalie mentioned, the currency that get always reevaluated the deferred revenue balance get reevaluate at today’s spot rate, and so that can create a slight disconnect as well.
Vincent Pilette: Yes. So first of all, coming back on your currency, no need to apologize. Currency – outside of currency would be ahead of our plan. Currency is the major headwind we have faced and we are trying to navigate through it. We know it’s temporary, and we manage through the implication. That was also we report our numbers in constant currency, so investors can really assess the true operational momentum we have. And we have also isolated the impact of that currency on EPS. At the end of the day, it is what it is, but it’s important for investors to have full transparency on that, so no issue here. When it comes to EB now, their employee benefits and a very exciting channel, the reason it’s exciting, it’s majorly the large lock offering. So, it’s in the identity space. And many of the accounts we sign up are being sponsored by the employer. Sometimes the employees have been asked to pay a portion of it. Sometimes it’s fully subsidized. And it’s a big important channel in which we can continue to grow up the offering. The ARPU is slightly in line to our overall portfolio ARPU. And in identity, I would say it’s a channel that’s about 20% lower in terms of the channel cost, if you want, or lower ARPU in that identity. But the cost structure, as you know, for us is more a step function cost structure. It’s not a variable cost structure. And so the direct contribution of any incremental customers that would benefit from our LifeLock offering in the EB channel is at a great drop through. So, economically we feel really good about that channel that we continue to invest in.
Vincent Pilette: Thank you, Jeff. As I reflect on our transformation plan from a year ago, I am incredibly proud of our strong results and the team’s execution. Certainly, there are some ups and downs and growing pains, but we are intensely focused on consistent execution, investing and driving for growth to scale business on a global level. I am incredibly optimistic about our future. So, thanks for joining. Thanks for your continued support of NortonLifeLock and we look forward to connecting with you very soon. Stay safe and stay well.
