Dean Banks: Thanks, Stewart. In summary, our multi-protein portfolio delivered strong first quarter results that will create the fuel for disciplined investments and higher margin, higher growth opportunities ahead, and we will seek opportunities to remove unnecessary costs and invest in the right areas. Our retail performance is showing tremendous strength, and our operational flexibility positions us well for a gradual recovery in foodservice volumes. We remain focused on fostering a culture of health, safety and wellness, and protecting our team members through workplace protections and a leading COVID-19 monitoring program, as well as our vaccine preparations. I’m energized by our team’s commitment to delivering healthy, safe and accessible protein to global consumers, their ability to continuously innovate and their ongoing emphasis on operational execution. We’re optimistic about the continued success of Tyson Foods as our diverse portfolio has us well positioned for long-term sustainable growth. And with that, I’ll now turn the call back to Megan.
Dean Banks: Sure, Ben. First off, thanks for the question. Thanks for the interest in the Company. As you saw in the slide presentation, we are making substantial investments towards improving the Chicken business overall. First off in being the employer of choice, we’re making investments in operational performance and really getting our fill rates up to ultimately service our customers. Those are not bullets on a slide. Those are actions that are actively taking place. And as we said before, we’re one of the world’s largest chicken businesses. So, it’s going to take some time for those activities to materialize into our operational performance overall. As it relates to pricing, as we’ve said before, a lot of the pricing in the Company happens if the poultry happens in the first and second quarter. We’ve made substantial progress there and are satisfied with how it’s coming together.
Dean Banks: The industry as a whole is certainly facing a number of headwinds with grains, with transportation costs, labor, et cetera. We’re managing those. Some of that’s uncontrollable. We will see -- with vaccinations, we will see foodservice recovery, but its effect on price, I’m not going to project.
Dean Banks: Sure, a few things there. Rendering is a fantastic part of our business and gives us certainly some improved margins that we can make full use of whatever animals are entrusted into our care. It also gives us a lot of flexibility in production. So, the purchase of API that we made a few years ago has turned out to be great for the business. You may also know that we’ve made an investment in a joint venture with Jacob Stern in our Beef and Pork business to take a lot of the byproduct and make that ready and more ready for renewable diesel. That’s a great partnership and progressing well. We do see strong demand for all of the animal byproducts that could be going into that space, and we think it’s a promising part of the business.
Dean Banks: Yes. I think, we described before that we do expect the operational improvements that we’re making to materialize in the second half of the year and really, really show up in 2022. Again, with being one of the largest poultry businesses in the world, it takes some time to get those operational improvements back on track. We put Donnie King in place have a very strong team there that are really on top of the things that we know that we need to improve to be where we want to be. The long-term supply demand dynamics in the classic poultry cycles, I’m not necessarily going to comment on. But, I will say that our ability to value up our portfolio into our retail businesses and to add features and attributes that bring new households into our brands and into our poultry business, like you’ve seen with Air Fried are nothing short of exceptional. I think, that gives us a real advantage in the future to expand upon -- to make the business not only competitive, but winning in the space.
Dean Banks: I would say that we do see higher consumer interest in spending on food. I think, that’s benefited a couple of our businesses. Prepared Foods is one, Beef is another, just very, very strong demand. And again, our flexibility from retail to foodservice is going to allow us to step in and meet consumers wherever they are. Some of the costs that we incur, we can happily pass along to customers, some we can’t, and we do see rising input costs there. But, we’re very, very well positioned with the portfolio to meet consumers where they are and make sure that we’re able to take care of them.
Dean Banks: I’d say that what you can do is take a look at our historical financial performance, see where we’re going. A lot of the market indicators related to our retail product performance is indicative of us being able to gain customer traction there. And then, you can probably look back at the historical foodservice performance with some rough estimates and see that when we pick up foodservice, when that volume comes back, and we can pick our volume back up that the operational improvements that we put in place are going to help us deleverage -- or fix the deleverage and operate at a higher level.
Dean Banks: Generally, the dynamics are very good for the business, and the team is managing those dynamics extremely well. There’s very strong demand in really all channels, including exports. And from a supply perspective, it’s really clear that we’ve seen a slight downtick of about 1% in breeder stock, but the cattle supply remains strong for the business. And as we’ve said before, it’s a spread business. So, the operational component, the teams are nailing and the dynamics for the industry are actually looking attractive.
Dean Banks: Yes. There’s a variety of mechanisms that we use in managing input costs. We’ve talked about the hedging and forward strategy, where when we sign agreements, we do try to lock in the price for those agreements to fix the margin. As it relates to market pricing, as we’ve described before, there is a lot of different mechanisms, some cost-plus some market based, et cetera. I can’t really give any input on how we would consider changing pricing mechanisms, for obvious reasons.
Dean Banks: We are obviously gaining from the market prices. We do have some buy versus growth strategy where we do buy some breast meat in the market, et cetera. I can’t really comment on pricing looking forward. So, I can’t comment.
Dean Banks: So, we do see that cattle -- while greater stock is a slight downtick and could decline over time, herd supplies are actually still very, very strong into the foreseeable future. And what is also quite good for the business is that demand is very strong. And so, we feel like the business is positioned good for the long term. We’re not setting long-term margin guidance for the business, but we feel like the dynamics do look positive into the foreseeable future.
Dean Banks: A few things that I would just emphasize. You are correct that we will continue to reinvest in marketing and advertising as needed. There’s been such strong demand and outstripping production in many ways. And so, we’ve pulled that cost back for the time being. It will ultimately return, we won’t be getting projections necessarily on how much that will return to. The other thing to keep in mind is just from a mix perspective, we’ve been thrilled having consumers go to retail outlets in order to get our food. We will see foodservice recover. And from a mix perspective, that will come in probably at a slightly lower margin. And therefore, we do know that Prepared Foods will have some normalization as foodservice ultimately recovers with vaccination rollouts, et cetera.
Dean Banks: It’s hard to project, to be honest. We still hear reports of ASF in China. We also do know that they’re making aggressive measures to build a commercial herd there and making some progress towards that. We’ve seen global redistribution of protein related to ASF cases in Germany and Vietnam and others. That continues to play itself out generally positively. We see very strong demand for pork, which is helping offset some of the increase in hog prices. And so far, the business is performing well. Projecting ASF is very difficult. We’ve seen historically it to take decade plus to recover from ASF in certain markets. And so, we hesitate to call whether or not we’re halfway through that.
Dean Banks: So, we’re obviously aware of the legislation. We are looking at the impacts on the business, but otherwise can’t comment.
Dean Banks: Whether it’s weather or grains, we will always be looking for the most -- the high-value and the most valuable cattle in the market. It’s not really -- at this point, not really the time we can project out impacts from that, although our team has done a phenomenal job at buying in the marketplace and making sure that we get the right cuts, and we can put those out in the highest margin, highest value. We have invested substantially in our portion of business. We have capacity coming on line in a couple of places in this year next. And I think that’s going to actually continue to support both, Beef and Pork and those businesses as we continue to add value and really meet the customers where they want to buy and with the portions and pieces that they want.
Dean Banks: As we’ve said before, the international markets are where we see the majority of protein demand growth coming from going forward. We’re really proud of our teams embracing the One Tyson concept and looking at how we can use our global footprint to take whether it’s a variety of meats in the U.S. and export those and have those valued up into the global marketplace. The acquisitions that we’ve made internationally are really helping us both in further processing product that’s exported from the U.S., but also in really taking advantage of synergies related to different skill sets, functions, innovation that we’ve established globally. So, the international business is a continued focus for ours. We’ll continue to invest capital from an organic perspective, and we are always looking for acquisitions. You’ve seen the recent announcements that we are partnering with Malayan Flour Mills. There’ll be more deals like that and others to come.
Dean Banks: Sure. That brand has just tremendous value to the customer. And if you’ve been to a retail grocery store and look at the freezer, the breadth and depth of that portfolio resonates with just a variety of customers. Plant-based protein, not only do we have a phenomenal substrate or innovation there, but we think that that brings another customer to that freezer aisle and complements our business. And so, it was a very thoughtful approach, and you’ll see more of that to come.
Dean Banks: Yes. Our investments in plant-based protein are continuing to show velocities and results that we would expect. So, we’ll continue to be investing in that area.
Dean Banks: Thanks again everyone for your interest in Tyson Foods. We hope you and your families stay healthy and safe. And we look forward to speaking to you all again soon. Thank you.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. That would be great. Look, in the presentation, we shared with you some specifics on where we’re working in Chicken. We wanted you to be clear that we understand where the challenges are and where we are making changes. With respect to the change in forecast, you’re right. I mean, the biggest change is grains. I mean, the change in pricing in grains has been nothing less than enormous. And that is going to weigh on the business. So, that’s a simple -- the easiest answer.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, I wouldn’t necessarily conflate those two things. I think, first of all, on the chicken side, all resources that are necessary to help bring that business back are being deployed there. So, absolutely no shortage of investment there. But, when you look across the portfolio, there are a number of places where we have opportunity to grow our business by adding capacity. You think about our case-ready plant that is opening in Utah, we’ve got a number of opportunities in Prepared Foods. And we recognize that unless we put money ahead to meet that capacity, we’re going to be in a place where we miss out on sales.
Stewart Glendinning: Ken, the only thing I’d say is that, to Dean’s earlier comments, we have a wide range of pricing mechanisms. Some of those are, as we’ve shared in the past, fixed over a longer period of time. Clearly, those are not going to move as quickly. Others are spot, and we’ll respond quickly as the market rises. I wouldn’t discount, obviously, the fact that -- my earlier point, which is that the move in grains is pretty substantial. And I wouldn’t overlook either the increase in transportation costs that we’re seeing in the marketplace. So, it’s -- there is a number of factors there that are going to play out in the P&L.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. That’s correct. I will just give you a little bit of update on that. I did say at the time that I thought that the start-up in Humboldt was going to cost about $100 million. That’s coming in a little less expensively now, and we think it’s going to run about $75 million in the year.
Stewart Glendinning: Only other thing I’ll just add on top too, specific on the CapEx, Michael, is we have announced investments in plants in both Asia as well as in Europe. So, yes, specific money is going there to build out new capacity to meet the demand that we see.
