Noel White: Thank you, Stewart. In summary, we remain focused on stabilizing volatility and growing earnings in Prepared Foods, as well as our value-added and the international businesses. We are facing several challenges this year, we do every year. And we have successfully managed them while continuing to thrive and grow the company. We're also aware of circumstances that could provide upward potential and we will maximize those opportunities. For the long term, our growth prospects are intact. Our Chicken Prepared Foods and Fresh Meat businesses, are now each earning approximately $1 billion a year. We have the mindset of continuous improvement and continuous innovation. We have a strategy focused on protein, whether that's animal protein or plant protein. We have the products and the brands, consumers demand. We have plenty to be excited about, as we continue to grow this Company Our fiscal second quarter is typically our most challenging. The pork and chicken environment is very different than a year ago and we won't have the earnings benefit from the divested businesses. So we have a tougher comparison versus Q2 of last year, though we haven't encountered anything unexpected so far in the quarter. We're looking forward to a strong second half of the year, and we're confident in our ability to deliver on occasions of $5.75 to $6.10 per share. And finally, Stewart and I regret that we won't be at the CAGNY Conference, we apologize for canceling on late notice, but we will be handling the BRF Thailand-European acquisition and the upcoming bond offering. That concludes our prepared remarks and we're ready to begin the Q&A.
Noel White: Yes, sure, Adam. The change was in fact to almost entirely to our legacy business. In the November call, there is a lot of pricing that was not complete, particularly on the tray pack side. That business is largely complete and that is by far the best reason that we've revised the guidance for the corporate segment. So Keystone had little to no effect on the change.
Noel White: Yes, sure. It is the tray pack pricing, Adam. So within the businesses that we operate, whether it's our value-add businesses or small bird business or big bird business, pricing outside of tray pack was almost exactly as we expected. There was some pressure on the tray pack pricing, that was greater than what we expected, and that is what has led to the revision in expectation.
Noel White: Yes, sure, Jeremy. The African swine fever, I mean, the different analysts have different outlooks, as to how it could potentially impact your business. I think the general consensus would be that - it's probably a little worse than what's reported. And that would certainly provide upward potential. We do not have built into our forecast effects from African swine fever. But if we do see, particularly the Chinese back in the market, there could be sizable upside benefit to our pork business. But aside from that, with that increase in exports, we consider the domestic disappearance of protein in total. So if there is more import, it's exported, it also helps both our Beef and our Poultry business as well.
Noel White: Yes, sure. So Rob, first of all, we are extremely happy to have Donnie back with us. He's been a talented performer for us in many different parts of our Company. We are always looking to deepen our bench and that's exactly what Donnie brings, is a much deeper bench. Doug Ramsey, who is running our poultry business, now running our McDonald's business, did a great job and that is a growing segment for us. So we look forward to Doug's contributions in the McDonald's. And then we have Chad Martin, who just recently relocated from our Beef business, did a great job in managing our Beef business as well as Poultry. So we have three extremely strong individuals in running those businesses. On the International side, Rob, you mentioned that we may not have done a great job historically. That's not to say that we cannot do a great job moving forward. In the last quarterly report, I mentioned that 90% of the growth in protein demand is going to occur outside the United States. That is the reason we are establishing a presence in those markets. So we have all the companies in the world that we can deliver the expected results both domestically, as well as internationally.
Noel White: A couple of things, Rob. We talked about the European business that gives us not only a manufacturing base in Europe, but also sales, distribution and licensing platform to bring product from Southeast Asia, Thailand in particular to Europe. The facilities are also complementary, the Keystone assets that we owned in addition to four facilities that come with BRF. They are also complementary to each other. And let me go back, Rob, and make one other point. In your question you asked about a change in strategies. There has been no change in strategy. In the last call I said that the strategy that was in place was based on value added products and international. And that's exactly what we are executing is what I told you in November.
Noel White: Sure, Heather. Tray pack pricing, there is not one common date that pricing becomes effective for all customers. It's over roughly a six months period of time that would start away from late fall and winter through spring. Each customer pricing begins to have an effect at a different time. As far as the strengthening in pricing, we have in fact seen some strength in pricing over the course of the last 30 days or so. We were at historic lows in the month of December; we've seen some strengthening since then. So that is in fact a benefit to us. We have put some volume back around us, that I talked about in November that needs to be done. So our sales organization has done a very nice job in putting that volume back around us, which does help us in our buy-versus-growth strategies. So that's been helpful. And then on the pricing side, with what we are in the market buying, we are back in the markets, looking to buy product as well. Demand through the month of January was extraordinarily strong due to what we believe a number of factors where that continues into February is yet to be seen, but demand in total was very strong.
Noel White: No. Heather, we'll always look to stabilize our earnings within poultry itself. So if opportunities become available, we will certainly look at them, but the primary focus is not either poultry or international, it's value-added foods into a lesser degree international. We've made, obviously, most recently a number of acquisitions on the international side on poultry-based, but primary focus is going to be in value-added foods in growing that sector. So we will be opportunistic in looking for those opportunities, but it's focused on prepared and to a lesser degree on the international side.
Noel White: The short answer will be yes, Michael. That we don't have the depth and detail of the tracking. Stewart mentioned on the last call that, we do follow, but not in significant detail like we were doing before. But yes, all the initiatives, all the efforts, all the tracking is still there, and we are in fact delivering.
Noel White: Yes. Sure, Alexia. The mix of the BRF business is almost entirely all value-added, very little raw commodity type products. So, almost all of that is value-added product.
Noel White: No, not necessarily, Rebecca. We do have some, you know a bit of depreciation - we will be paying for a while. But now it is - it is not dilutive to their return on sales. The rendering businesses has been good for us. API was a very good company and now it should not be expected to be dilutive to their return on sales.
Noel White: Yes, I think, Ken there is a couple of them. One would be, and the question was asked earlier about African swine fever and/or other trade opportunities, I would say that from a trade standpoint in the last couple of years it's been difficult, whether it's with Canada, or with Mexico or current disadvantages that we have with Japan, within Asia. So I would say anything that is beneficial on the trade side could provide substantial upside. Our exports continue to grow year-over-year, but they can grow a lot more than that. So it's those specific areas that will enhance global disappearance that can provide upside to us. At this point, we're not building anything in, on the grain side, it's our assumptions, we use a forward grain curve of what the futures market look like. So that can be an advantage, it can be a disadvantage. But right now we're not assuming any benefit at all.
Noel White: Right. Ken, we put together a very strong Integration Management Office that we have fully dedicated resources and everything is following the plan. So we fortunately have some experience now behind us in doing it well. The team that we have in place is delivering exactly what we expected to deliver both from an integration standpoint, synergy standpoint. So there is been no surprises. As far as continuing to make acquisitions, as I mentioned, we do look for going to the bond market, we will be very disciplined in what we would take a look at. Next, it would have to deliver a strong financial return, being a geographic area that might be attractive. But we are fully committed to integrating what we have bought, there are financing in place and then take a very structured, disciplined approach on anything else we might consider.
Noel White: Yes, I'd talk about the way that I think about, Akshay, and it's been several years since we've talked about, the spread that you referred to in your question. And what we said at that point in time is that we were not going to hit the high of the highs when the markets are very strong, very high. And we're not going to be at the low of the lows, when the markets are down, around breakeven. And the numbers are very close to what you just described. I think what we said is that we - our expected spread was between 500 and 600 - closer to 500 basis points when markets were down or around breakeven. And when a couple of years ago the markets were very strong and there were commodity companies that we were generating a 15 plus percent return. At that point in time we were generating around a 12% return. So we weren't hitting the highs and we are not hitting the lows. So the fact that we're around six right now and from what we can tell, many others in the industry and in the commodity space were around breakeven. It's very close to that historical spread that you describe. So it's not much different than the expectation I think the Stewart has a comment. I think before we go on I think that this is the part of the store that's being missed is what the performance of Prepared Foods has been. They had a record 2018. They had a record first quarter. You go back four years ago it was $4 billion business at about a 1% return. Today it's an $8 billion business that's generating a $1 billion right. So I understand all the questions on poultry. However, the stories that you should be taking away from this is the remarkable performance of what our Prepared Foods Group has done.
Noel White: I'd say that that's what we do every day, Akshay, is to try and increase margin increase the mix stabilizes those earnings so that that is a process. I wouldn't tell you that that's something that you should expect to see over the course of the next 12 to 24 months but that is what we do every single day is to try and grow the earnings within our poultry business as well as provide more stability within that business as well.
Noel White: Heather, to be honest with you, I can't answer that. And even within the analyst group within two days I saw two different reports. It said is this worse than what's expected on the other hand it's not as bad as what's been reported. So I think, Heather, re-speculation on my behalf to say it's either better or worse. And I'm just, I'm not comfortable speculating exactly what the situation might be.
Noel White: It's at this point, it's not an option. There is very little if no poultry being exported from the United States to Europe. At some point in time, could that be case certainly. What we were looking for is not only the manufacturing capabilities within Europe. But the ability for us to ship from other low-cost supply regions globally into that market. This provides both from a manufacturing standpoint, as well as the sales and distribution standpoint. Any opportunities that we see would simply be additive to that which could at some point, the United States, but that's not currently the case.
Noel White: Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in Tyson Foods. I know there's a lot of team members who are also listening. And I would like to thank each of you for you do every day to make our company successful. Thanks everyone.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, Stewart here. I'll pick that up. I think really, we've sort of announced that acquisition by acquisition, as you know, in Keystone, we announced $50 million worth of expected synergies, that's been our biggest acquisition. We're off to a strong start there, and I can say that we feel confident about delivering those synergies. So to get through each of the following acquisitions, we're happy to talk about those. Specifically on BRF, that's both Chicken and International. Synergies will be smaller there because of the size of the business, but we think that's a great opportunity for our Company.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, just a couple of things to add, Michael. Basically, what we did is we took all those run rates and we bake them into our budgets this year. So we know that the teams are still accountable to deliver the results. We're making sure that at the bottom line they're showing up, and of course they're tracking the projects to make sure that they're delivering the savings.
Stewart Glendinning: Okay. Yes, Michael, the margins would be more stable than other parts of our poultry business, just by the types of businesses, whether it's domestic or international with Keystone. We have a number of large customers that we work very closely with them and we won't see the highs, we won't see the lows. So in general, I would say, the margin structure is much more stable. And the same thing would be true with some of the other acquisitions that we've made, such as API or rendering business are relatively stable margins. And then in my prepared remarks, I talked about Smart Chicken, which is also more stable in their earnings profile as well.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. So two things. First of all Keystone is split, the US portion you will find in Chicken, the international portion will be baked into other, along with our existing international operations. What we said in the guidance is that, for the year, we expected the profit would be about flat, after adjusting for some of the integration expenses.
Stewart Glendinning: You got it, okay. Well, couple of things. So first of all, of course, as you'll notice from the past years, we have been focused on ensuring we get the right deleverage and that you will see that continue. In terms of the upcoming financing, we wanted to get through this BRF deal, so we could go to the market on a clean way to raise funds, both for Keystone and for a BRF at the same time. So you should think about amounts that sort of approximate that as we go to market. We do have some tranches coming to maturity later this year, and we haven't taken a specific choice on how we will refinance those, but you can expect that they will be refinanced and not all paid-off.
Stewart Glendinning: And in terms of the impact on Chicken overall, remember this actually will sit in the international segment. So it won't affect Chicken at all relative to, yes relative to International, it will be a nice add to that business and will help drive both synergy growth internationally along with growing profitability. You refer to Noel's remarks in which he talk to our existing business in which that business is profitable is improving, you layer on Keystone, and then you layer on top, this acquisition, we start to have a good looking international business.
Stewart Glendinning: Rebecca, we will need to get back with you, and the reason that I hesitate is because we made an acquisition with API, which has sizable volume impact, which also affects the overall pricing, I noted. So I think what you're looking for some specifics of the businesses outside some of these other areas of required. I suggest, yes, Jon Kathol can follow-up with you and give you more detail on that.
Stewart Glendinning: So one other thing, Ken is that, when you look at the kind of acquisitions that we've done, there is a strong overlap with the kind of business that those companies are performing and our existing business and that frankly just acquisition a lot - integration a lot easier.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, you've actually hit the nail on the head. It is a normalized EBITDA. If we use the trailing number, the multiple would look much, much lower, but that would include periods before the ban on shipments from Brazil. So we normalized the number. I'll tell you that we feel really good about the price that we paid, we feel great about the overlap with our operations in Thailand and our ability to drive Foods that our value-added this goes right along with the comments that Noel has already made around Prepared Foods as companies looking at taking the margins up and this is, this is not only part of an international strategy but also part of that value-added approach.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I mean I'd say that the first of all, we never comment on any prospective acquisitions as you know, but clearly we want to go through the bond market in a clean way for our investors.
Stewart Glendinning: Look, I don't want to pin down to a specific number, because it's going to be the little dependent on rating agencies. The kind of acquisition, et cetera, but it would be measured in the several billions.
Benjamin Theurer: Yes. Hi, good morning and thank you very much for that. So just to understand quickly on the segment reporting. So is it right to assume that Keystone is going to be fully, basically reflected within the Chicken segment? But it did not impact the level of profitability, the downward revision. Just to confirm that.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, thanks for that. And then on the financing needs, you mentioned you're going to go out now with two acquisitions done, Keystone, Brazil Foods to do a proper bond market financing. So you've said something about the $100 million and then obviously you have some maturities this year, they're going to be paid down, you're going to refinance them within the bond. Just to get a little bit of a sense what your outlook on debt capital markets, what we should assume for that in terms of what - that's going to be raised and how interest expense is going to look out into next year then.
Benjamin Theurer: Yes. Thank you very much for giving the opportunity just on Brazil Foods just quickly following up with. I remember right, in your prepared remarks, you said something like the transaction price something like a little under 10x. So does that mean you assume something like whatever $30 million, $40 million of EBITDA because just checking to the results of the company used to report in the assets. It looks more like $50 million to $60 million. So just to understand what's the base of your assumption is that normalized EBITDA, is that something that is a trailing EBITDA, just to understand what we're number came from.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. So, if I may, just on that, so Brazil foods used to run the European operations per shipments from Thailand to Europe, but also from Brazil into Europe and then basically for processing and selling and using the distribution network, they had in Europe. So now, you obviously have the footprint in Asia, acquired through the Brazil Foods transaction, you have the Keystone assets prior to that is pure way of thinking order certain of your plants from the US. That could also kind of feed into the European distribution networks which is using what you can potentially export from US into Europe or is that not an option.
