Donnie King: Alright. Thank you. I will – I’ll start out on this, and then I will flip it to Brady for a few comments. We’re moving closer to the bottom or to the trough of the beef cycle. We obviously were surprised at the amount of beef harvested in our Q1. There was a lot more beef on the market than what we had expected particularly in light of increased pricing – or excuse me, increased cost of cattle and at the same time, a decline in cut out. So that was a bit of a surprise to us. That’s a miss for us. But we are moving closer. We know that there are more hoppers being harvested. We know there are more cows being harvested. We know what those signs are that we are looking for in terms of when the herd would rebuild. And it’s going to require a rain or precipitation. It’s going to require the rancher to see more forage in hay. Availability, those are some of the things you need to look for. But as we’ve gotten a quarter closer to answer your question, Alexia, we – we see a little more clearly than now. We know that the trough is coming, but we wanted to – the number you see is a conservative number for us and making every effort to make sure that we guide you to where we see Q2 and the balance of the year going. And so Brady, let me see if you want to add anything to that. Welcome, Brady Stewart.
Donnie King: Sure, Ken. I’d be happy to – David Bray was leading our poultry business. And I talked about in Q1 that we had some issues as it related to markets and the amount of protein on the market. The change that we made is a result of some of the controllables that I think we made some good decisions. I’d like to have seen those decisions faster and perhaps some better quality of decisions and there were things in Q1 as it relates to chicken that we could have done better. And I made the change. I went out immediately and recruited Wes Morris, who Wes has had has run many parts of our Chicken business. He’s led our Prepared Foods business, and he’s also led our Case-Ready beef and pork business. And they had an opportunity to pick up a great talent with many, many years of experience and know-how in this business, and we made the change. In terms of the overall organization, Shane Miller leaving our pork – or excuse me, our beef and pork business, our fresh meats business, the relocation got change. Shane is still actively engaged in the company. He and Brady are working through a transition. And so we – when Shane decided he could not move for reasons. By the way, Shane is still trying to figure out how he can get here and be a part of it. There are some personal things that he’s got to deal with. But we were fortunate to pick up Brady Stewart, who is the COO of another company, and he’s well versed in the pork business and the packaged meats business and could do a number of roles for us going forward. We’re very fortunate to be able to pick up both Wes and Brady in our organization, and we look for great things from them. But we’ve got a lot of upside and runway in the organization because of them. Recently, we announced Amy Tu leading our international business, along with a few other functions. But we’re excited about Amy and what she’s doing and her passion for the international market and her passion for growing Tyson in international markets. And I feel really good about where we are from an international perspective. I feel really good about where we are from a chicken perspective and the leadership there. I feel really good about where we are from a beef and pork perspective. If you click down one level as it relates to beef. That team is largely intact moving here, and some have, in fact, already moved here. So Stewart, you saw the numbers in Prepared Foods. Stewart has done a really nice job of challenging the business and upgrading pork raw material into this branded portfolio that we have. And then finally, today – actually today, Melanie Boulden is joining us. And so why Melanie and why a Chief Growth Officer, it was all in an effort to try to get a center of excellence here in Springdale, Arkansas around branding, marketing, communication and innovation. And Melanie has got great experience in consumer packaged goods and most recently, Chief Marketing Officer in a food and beverage company. So I’ll pause and take a breath right there, Ken, and wait for a follow-up.
Donnie King: So, let me make sure I separate it for you. Great question, by the way. One is head and one is weight. The 15% is weight. The head is different. We have talked in terms of in fiscal ‘23, by the end of fiscal ‘23, we would be at about 42 million head a week. And that’s still the plan. I would also tell you that the plan is – I mean, the demand is there to support 42 million chickens a week. And if that changes, we will change. But that’s what we see right now as we look at the demand picture. The other thing that I think that – and I will just say it as we talked about the beef cycle and the pork cycle and herd health and so forth, I think it’s – if you look at what happened in Q1, I think every chicken company in America, read the headlines around there is going to be less beef, less pork, and the natural belief is that chicken will fill that gap. But the problem with all of that is there wasn’t a gap in beef and pork in Q1. And so I think you are seeing even now based on the numbers that Wes quoted earlier, you are seeing adjustments in the marketplace relative to that. And – but we will always balance our supply with what our demand needs are. And I just – it’s just the fundamental tenet of how we operate this business and have operated for many years.
Donnie King: I think you are spot on relative to that. And you are – I think you are already seeing adjustments in terms of the supply plan. I would tell you and I don’t want to mislead you or anyone else on this. There is some, there is unusual erratic to describe a behavior as it relates between channel swapping and even parts of the store and how – what’s going on there. Swapping between proteins, all the normal things that you would know from all your years of covering this protein sector, they are all in play. But I think this is – I think in Q1, this was a supply issue first and foremost. Secondly, there was some shifting in what part of the store and what products were purchased.
Donnie King: Sure. I will start and then offer it up to anyone else that may have something to add. But I think it’s – if you look at the information that we see, it says the consumer is working through savings. In the middle of the pandemic, they were able to bank a lot of savings. And over the last little bit they have been working through that savings. And I think many consumers are now out of that – those savings and/or at least nearing the last of it. And so I would expect the consumer to be under more pressure as we move forward in this year. And – but I would also remind you that as a company, if you look at our brands and we cover the spectrum across proteins. We have a product for every consumer across various proteins and price points. So, we feel very good about the fact that we can intersect with that consumer wherever they are. And that’s I think a good position to be in and are the best position you can be in. And so we will see how it turns out. But we don’t know any more about that than you do today.
Donnie King: Alright. Thank, John. We are building a world-class business organization positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. We remain confident that our strategy will deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. Thank you for your interest in Tyson Foods, and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Goodbye.
Brady Stewart: Thank you, Donnie. And certainly, your points relative to cattle availability and the look into the future is spot on the drought, lack of affordable hay and forage and higher overall supply chain costs are still driving cal liquidation in parts of the U.S. as we move out of this cycle of the cal liquidation and start to see some [indiscernible] replacements into the future, we will certainly have better visibility to the trough that you mentioned as well, Donnie. Why I am optimistic about the future? Is the team has worked diligently and effectively to strategically align ourselves with suppliers to ensure we have the supply required relative to higher grading cattle. We feel good about global demand, specifically on higher-grading beef products from a macro standpoint. We’re seeing some appreciation in drop credit values, specifically on specialty products, including fats and oils. And while it is hard to pinpoint the exact bottom based on the current drought and feedstock conditions, we are seeing some moderation and some signs of optimism relative to the drought conditions that we will keep an eye on moving into the future.
Brady Stewart: No, Donnie. Donnie, I think you covered it very well. We have a different situation today than we have in the past as well relative to some of the interest rate pressures. That certainly will have an impact as these ranchers decide to retain [indiscernible] as well. So, that coupled with some of the weather and impacts that we see certainly create the uncertainty that you outlined.
Brady Stewart: Thanks for that, Donnie. I think there is a couple of other factors that we need to consider as we come out of the cycle. And one of them is certainly relative to export demand. And we have seen an increase in terms of demand from our export partners relative to higher grading cattle. I think that is an anomaly relative to cycles that we have certainly seen in the past, and it’s something that we will be watching as well. Now, we have seen the strength that I mentioned earlier relative to some of the drop values in byproducts as well. So, certainly combining not only the supply factors that you touched on from a live cattle perspective, but also the demand factors that are going to come into play from both our export customers and our domestic customers is certainly a focal point for us.
John Tyson: Hey, Ken, Also, this is John. And I think it’s just worth pointing out. The business has been profitable over the last few years. And on an EBITDA basis, we look at something in the high single digits for that. So I think there is financial performance to support the continued investment there, but at the right...
John Tyson: Hey Adam, this is John, too. I think there is just a couple of other things that we have said that are worth reemphasizing. One is, and I think you asked a good question about, hey, what was going on, you have talked to this last time in November. I think in addition to all the poultry dynamics that Donnie was described here, I think there is still different of outlook as it relates to beef availability, which I think was maybe a little bit of a surprise. And then I think as it relates to the outlook for the year, if you just look at kind of what the public data says, I think it’s something like 25% to 30% more chicken meat in the freezer. And so our plan is to account for working through that, but it does take some time to work through that. And there are timing differentials between how the market recovers and where our pricing recovers. So, all of that influences just the shape of the year for us. And I think we have also said this, but just to make sure the listeners on the call get it today, Q2 will be softer for us in Q1. And we expect to see a recovery in what is our Q3 and Q4, the second part of our fiscal year.
John Tyson: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Tyson: Hey Ben, this is John. I think maybe just a couple of comments headlining on kind of how we are using hedging and derivatives as it relates to a risk management kind of overarching strategy. Generally speaking, what you would expect from us is to kind of have coverage in the near-term, coordinated with what our sales picture looks like with customers. And we really use it as a margin management tool more than any type of speculative tool. And so I think that just emphasizing that last point, we would not project any – there is no outside best sitting out there in terms of what the markets are going to be doing. We kind of keep things in close and use it more from a margin management standpoint.
John Tyson: Yes. I would add two things to what Donnie is saying. Number one, if you think about the kind of prepared and retail branded side of our business, we have been paying attention to what the consumer is doing and feeling over the last few quarters and we continue today. I think the good news is even in these times where the outlook for the economy is evolving, we have had pretty steady growth and pretty strong performance in that part of our business, which tells us that while, yes, there may be a lot of behavioral changes going on in the economy, we see consumers come into the brands and the categories that we are in repeatedly. So, I think we feel good about that. On the second point I want to make is from a – how to say it, the supply and demand balancing on the kind of fresh and frozen more commodity protein side of our business, has more influence on how we are performing than does the macro situation because people are going to continue to eat protein. They may cut back on other things, but food is not one of them.
John Tyson: Sure. This is John again. And just a couple of things to wrap up on. We want to make sure we got to cover with you before I hand it to Donnie to close it off. I think the first thing, if we think about the top line guidance that we have given, our outlook there is probably in the bottom half of that range just to kind of crystallize where we are today. And I think the second thing is we didn’t really have to touch on capital allocation today, although I know it’s a point of interest for many folks. And our capital expenditure outlook for the year is firm at or around that $2.5 billion number. But I think what we would guide to as we look forward, that’s probably the high watermark. And for us, our priorities are kind of preserving financial strength and flexibility, investing for returns in our business and then after that, being disciplined on M&A, dividends and share repo. So, I just want to make sure people understood kind of what the outlook was like there. And yes, I think with that, Donnie, I will hand it back to you just to close it out.
Wes Morris: Yes. Good morning, Ben, and thanks for the opportunity. First, let me say how excited I am to be a part of Tyson Foods. This is a great chicken company. It’s got great people, great brands, great customers. And I want to echo what Donnie said around, we did a lot of foundational work and executed it very well. We said that we would improve our capacity utilization. We would staff our plants and they are at a record staffing level. We’ve added automation and got some opportunities as we start up that that negatively impacted our yield in Q1. And then we said we’d rebuild inventory post COVID to better service our customers and our order fill rate indicates that we did that well. And so from a live perspective, we performed very well. The volatility of our hatch numbers are behind us, and we did exactly what we said we were going to do on the live production side. And so that allows us to focus more of our energy on standing up that automation to its expected results. And to make sure we’re still meeting the needs of the consumer. But the one thing that’s obvious we can do better is understanding the consumer shifts in our business and making sure we got the right amount of birds in the right place at the right time.
Wes Morris: Yes. Adam, thanks for the question. Like I said before, we executed our live plan very well and did exactly what we said we were going to do. We did have a strategic mix change and had less bones. And then one of the other drivers was the impact of our sales of 2% to 2.5% of a lot of chicken depending on what size. Rebuilding our safety stock inventory. And then the seasonal increase in inventory to supply wings to the marketplace. But Adam, the way I would ask you to think about it is at a macro level, we did a very good job, and we absolutely had the right number of chickens. We simply had them in the wrong place based on the post-COVID changes. And so we had more than we needed in our fresh chicken business and came up short in some other areas.
Wes Morris: Yes. Optimistic about the path forward, the USDA is projecting Q2 numbers around 2%, which is a lot less chicken availability than the 77 increase we saw in Q1. Then when you couple that with 4% to 5% less cattle, you should have an overall protein per capita that is much smaller than what we saw in Q1. We are already seeing some changes in the marketplace. Since the end of the quarter, we have seen boneless go up the quarter. Wings are up around $0.14, $0.15. And so optimistic going forward that the chicken values will correct. We have talked about variable pricing on a lot of these different calls. And the good news is it’s much, much faster than the historical 1-year fixed price agreements. But unfortunately, it still has a short-term lag as these markets correct, it will take a minute to hit the self sheet.
