Donald J. Smith: Sure, Brett. I'm going to try to take that like from snacking through frozen into the Core 9 to kind of give you the full feel. So, not all snacking is created equal, right? What continues to grow in the snacking category is protein snacking. If I've got my numbers right, total snacking is probably growing at around 6% or so year-over-year, and as you know that's a major focus for us in our innovation this year. Looking on into the frozen categories, breakfast and value-added poultry are two categories that are growing faster than total frozen and total food and beverage, and that's our key focus. But also if you look at 84% of the refrigerated categories in which we compete are growing, and then 87% of the fresh categories in which we compete are growing and it really reinforces our statement around having advantaged brands in advantaged categories. So now, let me loop over into the Core 9. So, if you look at the Core 9 brands, or product lines really, those are so important because that's where we have the greatest value potential over the long term. Within the Core, we have the highest growth potential, we've probably got the strongest position with both consumers and customers and great margins. So, that's why we focus on what we call the Core 9 and we spelled those out in the last call because they are categories in which are growing faster than other refrigerated meats and faster than total food and beverage over the long term. And then we have advantaged positions within those categories.
Donald J. Smith: So, we feel great about the second quarter. We're off to a good start. If I look at our mix, we continue to improve our value-added mix. We've got a lot of capacity to continue to grow in those areas. That gives me a lot of optimism to continue with a favorable outlook. It feels like to me that the categories, retail frozen is certainly growing. The retail frozen poultry is growing faster than frozen, and certainly that category is growing faster than food and beverage, and it feels like that we've fully overcome problems we had in the past, and that we are back in business and growing. Our volume has been good in January. So, feel good about that. And as I look forward, there's a couple of things that we still want to see. While we have quite a bit of a grain book, we don't have it all, so it's hard to paint the full picture for the year, but I do believe that the changes we've made in the portfolio, the changes we've made in the pricing strategy, certainly the advantages that our supply chain gives us are creating a long-term view of much more consistent stable earnings in our poultry business and in Prepared Foods and other parts of the business.
Donald J. Smith: So let's talk a little bit about the quarter. So if you go back as far as Q3 when the feedlots started extending the turns, if you will, and keeping cattle in the feedlot longer, coupled with the heifer retention and the reduction in cow slaughter that we saw as the beginning parts of the supply chain and the cow-calf operator began the effort to expand the herd, cattle supply dried up and strained margins. So as we moved out of Q4 into Q1 – there was some regional disparity. But overall, the feedlots began to market those cattle and become more current, if you will, with the inventory they have in the feedlots. That provided us the supply we needed to be able to improve our margins. Plus if you'll remember back at the end of Q4, right in the last couple weeks or so of the quarter, we had a lower of cost or market adjustment and a mark to market adjustment that we made. And so we got about half of that back in Q1. Now the rest of that will keep coming back to us as we progress on through the year because you had beef sold out front and then you bought live cattle futures against it to hedge it. So put all that together, we're kind of in the – well, we were at 2%, sort of towards the low end or getting towards the middle of that range. As we look forward, Q2 is always a tough quarter for us. You've got a lot of weather issues around as we're seeing this week up in the Midwest. Lent is kind of a low demand period for beef particularly. So I want to see us get through that, but then it feels like that after Easter, should see cattle supply improving, and the back half ought to improve. So, I think longer-term our beef margins should stay within that 1.5% to 3% range. Feel good about that.
Donald J. Smith: No, David. So I guess my headline would be, look, the worst is over in terms of the cattle supply. We expect – I don't know – 3%, 3.5% cattle supply increase in the back half of the year, and you should see – it's a little bit hard to tell at the very beginning of a herd rebuild, but you should see something on the order of 1% to 2% more fed cattle available per year I think for the next 2 years, 3 years. And so as the supply of cattle improves then we should see our margins improve as well. So that's the reason for the confidence in our outlook that Q1 is not an aberration. Now remember, Q2 is going to be Q2, but looking at it over the year, I'm comfortable that we should be in the range – the 1.5% to 3%.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. Sure. So when we look at our Core 9, I'm just going to run through that real quick, We're really talking about Hillshire Farm Smoked Sausage, Aidells Smoked Sausage, Hillshire Farm lunchmeat, Jimmy Dean frozen breakfast, Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage, and then our core branded bacon, then Ball Park hot dogs, our retail value-added poultry, and then State Fair and Ball Park corn dogs. So those are what we call the Core 9 where we have the disproportionate ability to grow faster than the categories, and they're very meaningful categories. So if I look – and what we've really been focused on is the recent trends in our volume versus the category volume. I think I mentioned in my comments, I think I said this, that we were a little bit slow in seeing the price declines reflected at retail. And now, through the last four weeks or so, we've pretty much seen the pricing get reflected on the retail shelf, and volume is responding. If I looked at say smoked sausage, in the last four weeks, our volume growth is up 4% versus – that's the last four weeks versus 2% for the 52 week and 2% for the 12 weeks. And last week it was up double-digits like 10% or so. If I look at Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage, for example, we're up 2% in the latest 52 weeks, but 11% in the latest four-week comparison, and that's what we've been looking for to see momentum in volume as we see the price reflected on the shelf. So we feel really good about the core of our business. Also one on hot dogs real quick, we did see a little bit of impact I think from the IARC announcement in hot dogs, but we are seeing a response there. We feel great about the brand support for the summer grilling season and we're really, really anticipating a very, very strong grilling season this year. So feel great about that. Hope that helps.
Donald J. Smith: It's hard, it's really hard during this time of the year to get your best feel for what retail meat prices are going to do through the year because next week we're going to enter into Lent, and it's just a difficult season to predict prices. But if you just look at the macro fundamentals, right, we've got the lowest unemployment we've had since 2008, we got really cheap gas prices, and that is returning disposable income to the consumer, and we are seeing traffic up a little bit at food service, not a lot, and we're not expecting a whole lot. But we are seeing a movement to the perimeter of the store which is where we have great strength. So I'm optimistic that the consumer will respond well to what should be fairly favorable prices. If you look at the supply of cattle coming to market, supply of hogs coming to market, supply of chickens in the market, you should have reasonable pricing structures, and certainly pricing structures that would allow us to continue to flourish, so.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah, we had about a – I think, it was round numbers, wasn't it, Dennis, $100 million change from...
Donald J. Smith: – from our previous quarter's guidance to this one. And it just reflect – if you look at just corn futures all Q1 long, and I think meal futures too, the market just continued to decrease. We stayed really short and were able to just basically buy it as we ship it, or price it as we ship it. And that's allowed us to have a cheaper cost structure. And when we talk about, by the way, our outlook, we're talking about what's in cost of goods. So we feel good about how our year is going to shape out. We've got quite a bit, not all but enough to feel very comfortable about our cost structure in chicken already priced throughout the year. So feel good about that.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah, Rob, I'd add – you know, not knowing what chicken prices are going to do for the rest of the year, it'd be hard to quantify it for the year. But I can give you a very good feel. During Q1, we probably bought on the order of 75 loads a week of poultry raw materials, maybe more than that. But say round number is that, and we're buying that meat well below a dollar instead of selling it well below the dollar. Plus with our buy versus grow strategy, we don't have that excess leg quarters, so we are selling fewer leg quarters today, and I've been here a long time. I can't ever remember us selling fewer leg quarters than we are today. And the buy versus grow certainly plays a part of that, but with great innovative capabilities, we're finding ways to upgrade that raw material into value-added high-margin opportunities, and that's a real key. So when you combine the strength of our value-added portfolio, the strength of our brands both at fresh and frozen, when you look at the diversity of the portfolio between small bird and value-added and fresh, and then you combine that with this great marketing and innovation engine that we've got, it really does help stabilize the earnings of our Chicken business over time. It's not the same Chicken business that it was a few years ago.
Donald J. Smith: No, you should expect growth. We are very intent. And obviously with the raw materials where they are, with synergy capture we have, we have the dry powder, we need to get the pricing right, to drive growth, to support these brands to drive growth. We have, matter of fact, we're preaching our investment in innovation to be able to drive long-term growth in these brands. And the early read – during November and December, frankly, we didn't get the price realization on the shelf that we needed to, to drive volume. During the month of January, the pricing gaps were reflected on the shelf and we saw the volume response that we were looking for. So I feel great about our growth going forward for the year. We have advantaged brands and advantaged categories, and we fully intend to take advantage of that because that's what the consumer wants us to do. And you're right, we will be lapping the AI problems. We've got to get some points of distribution back, but we've got a great sales team working on that. We continue to improve the mix. One of the volume issues in Q1 was that we didn't repeat some private label volume and frankly it's like – I don't know – spiral sliced hams and private-label bacon, and we just have so much more opportunity in branded consumer pull categories that it was the right thing to do for our business and for the customer to not repeat those very low, if not negative margin private-label sales and improve that into a – but as you can tell...
Donald J. Smith: No, I think, no, you're going to see positive sales growth as well, absolutely. We got to get the volume to support the lower pricing to get the total dollars up. But yeah, we're headed that way.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah, sure. So first of all, as evidenced in South Georgia, we have the flexibility within our supply chain to move our mix to where the consumer is going. If you look at a macro view, although recent volumes – because at fresh, for example, because you've got so much pork, price is way down and pork demand is up, but in general, remembering that Chicken is twice the size of the category of Beef or Pork, Chicken demand is really good. And it over indexes to the Millennials, as they enter the workplace and begin in earnest consuming food. So we feel great about the macro trends and where they're leading us. We have the flexibility within our supply chain to move within small bird, fresh, whatever we might do. Certainly it's not in our business model to oversupply big bird. We'd rather buy that meat and add value to it, as you mentioned. The thing about our business to remember is we've got the number one fresh brand at retail, we've got great penetration across a broad segment of customers nationally, and we have phenomenal quality, service and innovation. So I feel good that we will remain the leading fresh supplier as we move out front, whether it's a small bird into the retail deli or fast food cut-up, or whether it's at retail. Plus we've got a lot of innovation that we can continue to innovate in these fresh categories, and our customers rely on that. So I think that is a big portion of what stabilizes our fresh Chicken business, if you will, for the future.
Donald J. Smith: No. I don't think it's fair to say that. Now in our Prepared Foods business, about half of it is food service, and those do use pricing formulas and the deflation in the raw materials does take some of the pricing down, but it doesn't affect the margin. If you look at the Retail business, we are seeing the response that we want to see from the pricing and the brand support that we're giving these brands. And we will continue to do that all year because we've got a great opportunity to grow.
Donald J. Smith: So, we do have one eye always kind of on the export markets, and we're not seeing a lot of improvement in that yet. Could still happen, if it does, it's certainly upside. If you look at the macro picture here, you're probably going to have somewhere on the order of about 2% to 3% more hogs for the year. We should have very good capacity utilization. I feel good about where we are in terms of where the hogs are, so we should be competitive there. So I feel good about margins and certainly it's a little bit too early to predict what might happen in the back half of the year, but yeah, it feels like we've got a good pork year coming.
Donald J. Smith: Patrick, from my perspective, what I like that I'm seeing is our vitality index numbers are really strong and that's a good sign for volume growth in the years ahead that really excites us to keep that margin solid and growing.
Donald J. Smith: Diane, we are very optimistic about this year and the foundation that we've built for next. If you look at it, next year we've got more synergies coming. I think we're going to prove decidedly in the next few weeks in the quarter or so that we've got great brands that are well positioned. I think protein demand is going to remain pretty strong. I know we have great consumer relevance. It's really hard to predict what input prices will be a year from now or whatever, but if you just look at the macro view, it feels pretty good that they'll be reasonable and certainly within our ability to manage, should have plentiful supply of livestock. We've got a great innovation pipeline, great cash flow as Dennis talked about. If I look at – anyway, so yeah, we're really optimistic.
Dennis Leatherby: Sure. Thank you, Brett. As I said in my remarks, we do have $638 million notes coming due. We'll pay that off. We have more than $300 million in cattle and hog deferrals that we've already paid off. But you're right, we're throwing off a lot of cash, and it leaves us a lot of options. As we've been saying for the last year or so, we wanted to put ourselves in kind of an enviable position in that we wanted to maintain investment-grade ratings. We wanted to keep really strong debt capacity for M&A, which we do and we have lots of capacity for M&A. And in the absence of that, if the right target doesn't come along that fits our strategy, then we're going to return cash to shareholders while still growing organically through capacity expansion projects and investing heavily in our brands and innovation. So, we really like where we're at and you can see us continue with that.
Dennis Leatherby: Sure, Farha. I mean, value added poultry and Prepared Foods international growth, those are the areas that we intend to focus on continuing to grow our branded presence here and internationally, that's the focus of our strategy going forward.
Dennis Leatherby: Great question. We feel very good about our Chicken business. It's really set up well. It's largely a pull business, from 85%, 90% pull business. We've got our mix set up straight. We are in the position where we can grow even more, especially in the further processing side, take advantage of oversupply situations where we can buy meat really cheap, put a nice spread on it. So – and our Tray Pack business, with the conversion of our plant in South Georgia, is really starting to take off at an even higher level. And we're just going to continue to improve our value-added mix over time.
Dennis Leatherby: Yes, there is. And I think Q1 and hogs is always strong, and I wouldn't want to predict the whole year based on Q1, but it feels very good to us that this should be a good pork year.
Dennis Leatherby: Yeah, so with advantaged brands and advantaged categories, we're really built for growth. We've got a great innovation pipeline that we're investing in for the long-term, and so there's always a balance, right, between margin and growth. And our intent is to make sure that with the advantages that we have, that we continue to grow. Frankly, the retailers depend on us to grow these categories, and we're going to continue with strong brand support. We spend a lot of time understanding the consumer and using those insights to build the right kind of innovation pipeline for the future. And so we will always balance growth and margin. Obviously in Q1 we didn't get the growth that we wanted, and the reason we didn't get the volume, growth we wanted, we didn't get the prices reflected on the shelves in the time period that we had predicted, so that our price caps would be right. That is now fixed, or pretty much fixed. And I think you're going to see the volume growth that will support the overall dollar of margin growth over time.
