Donnie Smith: To the upside, if you look at our domestic chicken business for the first half, we’re just under 9% on sales, and there is no reason going into the back half of this year for us not to expect our earnings in chicken to be at least that good or better. So, yes, I think in general, it's the total range if you put the two back together to the upside.Kenneth Zaslow – Bank of Montreal: Great. I appreciate. Thank you.
Donnie Smith: Yes, certainly over the last, say, 30, 40 days or so the chicken market has responded. If you look at, I think the beef cut out topped out around 240 or so and pork ran up to 130 or so, and that provided a huge Halo for chicken prices to continue and increase, because chicken pricing looks relatively cheap compared to those beef and pork numbers. So we expect to see another strong year of chicken pricing for the summer. And think that the outlook for the back half of our year should be better than – the earning outlook for the back half of the year should be better than the front half.
Donnie Smith: Sure, Farha. Let me take this one by one. First, as far as the share count, that’s where we are as of now, so we’re not projecting where we’re going to go from here. In terms of the M&A environment, it’s a very attractive environment. Over the past 12 months, our EBITDA was about $2.1 billion, and so we can put some pretty good leverage on that. And so – and have the ability to both go after small bolt-on acquisitions or larger more strategic acquisitions.
Donnie Smith: We’re seeing a variety of opportunities and value-added and International or just looking for the right strategic fit right now.
Donnie Smith: Little more comfortable in the back half of 2014 certainly, and we agree with you assessment there that there should be adequate cattle certainly around us, the drought in the South West continues and that tends to push a few more cattle up in the Midwest where the predominance of our processing base is. So we feel good about having adequate cattle around us. As you get out into 2015, I think you can – looking at the calf crop, you can already say that 2015 numbers will be down another 2% to 3% or so. And it looks like that the cattle are going to continue to concentrate in the Midwest creating some of these regional disparity with cattle supply out there. But we feel very comfortable that we’re going to have good cattle around us. And at this point, there is no reason for us, not to think of our beef business at least as good as last year or better this year and now a lot of reason to think about it very differently going into 2015 from where we stand today.Michael Leith Piken – Cleveland Research Company LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Donnie Smith: The big if for us is what’s going to happen with pork. I’d like to think we’re going to see a herd expansion, I’d like to think we’re with biosecurity we'll get on top of PED, but it’s just too early to tell. I think the rest of it, Diane, you’re dialed in very well on what to expect from a supply standpoint. So I don't think I'd change your outlook very much, and if anything flat to up maybe a little bit would be a pretty decent call in May. Now, we’ll know a little bit more as we get down into the fall, but I think you’re dialed in pretty good.Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And then maybe just to move to the demand side of the equation, some of the drivers between the DAY STARTS and the light sausage, some of the recent eliminator you’ve done, or sort of the best and better growth in the legacy portfolio.
Donnie Smith: Yes, we had some folks make some poor decisions around how we handle the part of our processing that – what we had was, we had a freezer that made it some repair, our folks down there frankly did not do a very good job in that, it also backed up into the field and infected our law production. And so basically, we changed that out our country manager in Brazil. we changed out the plant manager in that location, and the law production manager and we have a firm grip on the situation from this point forward. so that behind us and we’re looking forward now to – two much better quarters coming ahead.Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: All right. Great. Thanks very much.
Donnie Smith: From time to time this is an issue in Mexico. We don’t have any flocks that are affected by right now. You should know we are taking all of the necessary steps and all of the biosecurity measures to ensure, the viability of our supply, pricing has improved in Mexico and we’re reaping the benefit of that. Certainly, as far as eggs moving down there, we don’t have any plans to move any eggs to Mexico.Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: And you talked about – separate question – the strength in DAY STARTS beyond your expectations. Can you talk a little bit about to what extent your success in generating your own brand makes you less likely to buy something in Prepared Foods? I guess to put it another way, DAY STARTS has had success, so why buy something if you are finding that you can make it yourself? It’s an old make versus buy conundrum I guess.
Donnie Smith: It is, as Dennis said on the previous question, what we’re really looking for is strategic fit and the ability to make an acquisition that will be accretive to our earnings. and so we’re always looking for opportunities to be able to use the insights we have about, what’s the consumer needs to find a way to fill that need and grow our business. We feel great about our organic opportunities, we feel great about our opportunity to invest in our current business, but we’re also going to be out there looking for strategic opportunities to fill in the gaps where we need to, or to create a little bit more aggressive headspace in a category where we maybe able to buy, as long as the purchase make sense, and then accelerate growth in that – that particular category whichever category that might be.Ken B. Goldman – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Donnie Smith: The answer to your first question is yes, and the answer to our second question is gone with it’s a strategic fit whether it’s an International acquisition, Poultry value added or Prepared Foods, those are the areas of our business where we believe our growth potential loss and where we can have the most value to the consumer and the most value to the shareholder and so our acquisition targets will be focused in those three areas.
Donnie Smith: In the second half of this year, marginal improvement, but sequentially in 2015, it ought to make a more meaningful difference, it takes a while to get that backed up frankly, we’ve got to get some more business around us to get the revenue side moving, that’s going to take us at least couple more quarters, but we think certainly as we move into 2015, we’ll see sequential and meaningful improvement in that part of our business.
Donnie Smith: Okay. That concludes the call. thank you for interest in our business. And I hope, you have a great day. Thanks.
