Donald J. Smith: Thanks, David. So first of all, yeah, it's great to finish what looks like will be another record year for us in 2016, something of a, what, 30% increase over last year and well beyond our stated goal of at least 10% EPS growth over time. So as we look forward, we feel great about the momentum that we're generating, so let's talk a little bit about what we know. So we know we're driving growth. If we see in the most recent four-week data in IRI, we're gaining momentum as we move into and closer to Memorial Day and on through the summer season. That feels really good. Our mix has improved. There was some private label volume that we did not renew but we feel great about our opportunities to grow going forward, so we like our mix. We're investing a lot in long-term growth, great advertising, a lot of investment in innovation. We announced a new processing plant for our Chicken business. We needed some further processing capacity in the par fryer arena. We're getting that around us now. We've got good capacity in fully cooked so we feel great about that. As we look into our Prepared Foods group, we've got really strong merchandising lined up for the summer season. I think that will help carry a lot of momentum into the fall and into next year. Great innovation pipeline, so we'll have some good innovation to continue to add next year. Our Chicken business has really improved. I feel real good about volume growth in the back half of our year in chicken. Pork looks like it's going to have another good year in 2017. We've got what looks like to be good supply of hogs coming our way. Beef, same story. We've got a good supply of cattle coming our way, it looks like in 2017. So if you add all that up with great cash flow and our ability to continue to invest in the business, it feels really solid for 2017. Now for the stuff we don't know, the commodity-related stuff, grain, et cetera, we don't know that yet, but no reason to believe that we won't have. You've got a plan going ahead for a normal crop year. So no reason not to believe that wouldn't happen now.
Donald J. Smith: Yes. So, Adam, what we do is we run a series of statistical models that take into account the change in our business model. They would include mix, various pricing mechanisms, the supply and demand environment around grain and that kind of thing and they look at all of those fundamentals over the very long-term. And so in looking at the model, it showed clearly that it was time for us to raise our normalized range. As far as the over-performance goes, we've got very strong volume this year, we feel good about that. Obviously, our grain position is favorable this year with the low end of what we expect the five-year range of grain to be, and that helps over-deliver a bit. And if you look going forward at what might cause any dip, it's that level of fundamentals, primarily driven around the grain. But I tell you, we've done a very good job of utilizing the price discovery mechanisms afforded to us to be able to take a lot of the grain volatility out of our business. We've priced much more of our products off in some kind of a grain-based mechanism, so we feel good about the diversity of our pricing mechanisms, the price discovery mechanisms that we can employ on the grain side to stabilize those margins. So that's our view on the guidance.
Donald J. Smith: So, we're obviously off to a really good start, right? Our Prepared Foods has done – our Prepared Foods business has performed very well. The volume was a little bit light for us, particularly in Q2, getting our price gaps reflected on the shelf took a little longer than we had expected, and that cost us a little bit of volume, but that's about the only thing that you can say. There might have been a little softness in pizza toppings but that's about the only thing you could say negative about our Prepared Foods business. It is doing very well and it is really building momentum. The Chicken segment, great quarter, right? A lot of things came our way, grain was good, volume was up a little bit. We've improved our mix, so that feels really good. Beef, so much better than last year. Good cattle supply around us, looks like that will continue on through the rest of the summer. So, I feel good about where we are certainly. I think we're in a good spot for now in our guidance.
Donald J. Smith: Well, we've tried to be pretty consistent about saying 10% EPS growth over time, but our goal is to always grow our earnings, grow our volume. We've got a great growth story and we want to take every advantage of that we can. We've got a great consumer-relevant portfolio. We've got super innovation pipeline lined up. And so, yeah, we should be able to expect good EPS growth. It's too early to call what we think 2017 will be here, but for all the things I mentioned in, you know, for David's question, feel great about our opportunity for 2017 to be even better.
Donald J. Smith: Well, we go where the consumer leads us. I mentioned a little earlier we're building that a new par-fry plant. We've got great demand for that processing type, and so we're building that plant for long-term growth. We've got some great organic products today in our portfolio. So far, we're able to source that meat outside of our production, but we'll continue to focus on the consumer and whether it's no antibiotics ever or natural offerings, organic, whatever it may be, we're going to be a consumer-led company and we'll respond accordingly.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah, I think we feel good about our ability to grow our Prepared Foods business while maintaining 10% to 12% margins. And that's really what we want to do. Could we push the margin structure a little harder? Yeah, we could, but we have the opportunity to grow. Our customers want us to grow, and so we feel like that 10% to 12% range gives us the growth opportunity that that business can afford the consumer. So, I feel really good about the map (27:58) spending that we have focused on our business. We spend that disproportionately in categories, so not all of the brands get the exact same amount of spending, so we spend disproportionately where we can get growth. Jeff and Eric and Tim and the teams have a great plan setup to be able to drive growth in the back-half and carry that momentum on into 2017. We're doing a super job on our pricing now. We've got great merchandising lined up for the summer season. So we've got, like I said, a three-year pipeline and there's a lot of versatility in that pipeline about our ability to – if one particular innovation may take longer to get to market than we expected, then there's others in the pipeline that can fill that slot so we can continue to give the customer the kind of innovations that they need to keep the categories fresh. So we feel like we're set up really well.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah, the pork industry has been shifting and developing for years. We've got strong relationships with our suppliers and, by the way, on the customer side. Our math shows that the supply growth and the demand growth are in relative balance over the next few years. We're still in the right locations. We've still got a great supply base close to us. We've got great customer demand for the product. And in our Prepared Foods business, as we continue to grow that, we'll have even more opportunities to create value. So we feel really good about how our Pork business is lined up for the next few years.
Donald J. Smith: Okay. So let's think about Prepared Foods. About half of our Prepared Foods business is food service. And a pretty sizable majority of our foodservice business has a pass-through pricing relationship, so a lot of that, the commodity pricing, does get passed along. If you look on the – well, another thing to note, too, about 80% or so of the synergy capture is in Prepared Foods. The rest is spread out across the rest of our segments. And, Akshay, we spend about 5% or so on map (32:01). And we're investing really heavily in growth. We've got a lot of innovation. We've talked about getting our price gaps right. We've gotten our price gaps right, and we're seeing the volume response that we suspected we would see. So that's a great investment for us. And we'll continue to do that to grow our Prepared Foods business. That business is built for growth. We've got great brands in great categories. And we've got a very good growth story, and we're going to continue to invest to grow.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. So again, I'm going to use the – I will go to the last 12-week data. And if -- we had the exact same spread between the 12-week data and the 52-week data as we did the four-week. And I'm looking at if we look just at the – well, what I'm going to do: let me use all of our branded portfolio, minus the raw frozen IQF and then I'm going to take out ground beef chubs. Both of those are UPC'ed. But the consumer is wanting those in a tray instead of the UPC items. And so that volume is moving out of the IRI data. Well, it's showing negative in the IRI data, but we're not losing the sale. We're just selling it in the fresh category. So when I look at our branded business, minus IQF and ground beef chubs for the 12-week period, we're showing 3% volume growth versus being flat in the 52-week view. So we see the exact same thing. And looking back at Q2, it took us a little longer than we wanted to get the pricing gaps realized on the shelf. And now that we're there, I expect to see good momentum all through the summer selling season, especially in light of the merchandising we've got set up and the advertising that we've got employed. So feel really good about that growth prospect. Longer-term, our brands, we use the phrase, we have advantaged brands in advantaged categories, and we do. The categories we're in outpace food and beverage growth. And I think over time, you should expect us to grow at about 1.5 times the category growth. And so when you run that algorithm, you're in categories that are outgrowing total food and beverage and you're out at the – the brand leader in a lot of those categories, you're outrunning that growth by 1.5 times. That sets up very well to add a lot of shareholder value over time.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. So with the drop in the cut-out and a little bit more stabilization, if you can call it that, in cattle futures, it feels like that the retailers have been much more willing to feature beef coming up for Memorial Day forward. 50s have been pretty cheap, so ground beef is a good value. If you look at the latest 13 weeks, ground beef is up about 6% or so on a 15% decrease in price. And you continue – actually, it accelerates just a tad to about 6.5% in the four-week view on about the same kind of a price decline. So this cheaper cut-out is going to mean better Beef volume, I think. Plus, we've got supply around us. There's still a bit of heifer retention. You're seeing heifers about 44% or so of the slaughter, so we're still growing the herd a bit. It looks like to us that for the year, now it will be obviously bigger in the back-half, for the year, we ought to see about 2% increase in the fed cattle supply this year, and we think that's the number for the next two years. Again, because we know we're very well positioned where the big feed lots are, where the big high-capacity feed lots are. So, yeah, it feels good to have the worst over – the worst behind us in Beef and good supply coming to us, and that will help certainly our margins.
Donald J. Smith: I don't think deal flow is as robust as it's been over the last four years or five years, but we have a very consistent view that we look first of all for strategic fit. And then we look at, in the absence of that, and I think that one of the great things about our business, Tim, is that we've got a very good organic growth story. And so as we look at the landscape, no need for us to push into a deal that doesn't fit us strategically or that kind of thing. So although the landscape is a little thinner than it has been, we continue to look. We want to grow and we want to grow organically and we want to grow inorganically and Dennis has got us a great balance sheet and a lot of capacity to be able to do that. In the meantime, I think buying back our stock is a great way to return cash to shareholders, and we'll stay on that and stay pretty consistent with our uses of capital like we have been for the last three years, four years.
Donald J. Smith: Hard say on that last part. I wouldn't dare to – I wouldn't venture to take a guess there. We are seeing higher pork prices in China, which typically lead to higher chicken prices, but chicken demand has remained a bit soft, and we've not seen the price of chicken respond like we have, like it normally does in proportion to pork. I will tell you this, though, that our sell-in, our international team are focused on driving value in fresh, branded chicken and I think they're making good headway, they're seeing good momentum. Any of the market factors like a lower chicken supply that would ultimately lead to higher wholesale markets would only benefit our business. But in the meantime, we're certainly not standing on our – or back on our laurels. We're working hard to grow our business and to grow a great branded fresh offering.
Donald J. Smith: Brett, certainly, international would also or is also a M&A focus. Our strategy is to grow value-added poultry and Prepared Foods, and international. And so – and think value-added poultry and Prepared Foods when you think international. So those are the type of businesses that we would be looking at and focusing on because that's, as Sally often reminds us, about 96% of the population is outside of the U.S. and food consumption is going to grow around the world. So we want to be positioned to be able to grow for the long-term and that means international as well. So you're absolutely thinking right to think that international acquisitions would be targets as well.
Donald J. Smith: Thanks. Good question. So, yeah, on the synergies, the biggest factor so far has been operational improvements, frankly in the legacy Tyson Prepared Foods business. As we move forward, our procurement synergies become a larger component, so think packaging materials, cooking ingredients, maintenance and repair items and all those kinds of things. And so we feel really good about where we are going forward on the synergy landscape, and it will move – the synergy capture will move more from the operational piece in – the operational component into the procurement component, and then the last piece will be in the network optimization and the logistics component, and that will come later in 2017, and some of that will actually bleed over into 2018, I think. Remind me of the second half of your question.
Donald J. Smith: Yes. So, yes, it did, but when we look at that, you kind of look at your contribution margin and that was some business that we – it's hard – sorry: I guess it's a little bit hard to say it this way, but that's some business we needed to do without. Now, we are rapidly working to replace that volume and I think as we move on through the rest of this year and going into 2017, we will replace that business with other business. And so, yeah, it had a short-term effect on capacity utilization, but that was all built into our 2016 plans. And we'll have every opportunity to get some business back around us to fill in that void. and that's where our sales team is working really hard to get that done.
Donald J. Smith: No, no, no, no, no. It was built in. As we came into 2016, we did not renew the business last year for this year. So we knew that that capacity would be vacant this year, and we've been working on filling that up. So, yeah, it was part of the 2016 plan.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah, so you're right. You don't read too much into one month. It's better to look at kind of a three-month average. But what we're hearing is that you're seeing an increase in AI in Mexico, and so my guess is, is that a lot of those pullets are down to supply eggs for that market. That'd be my guess. I don't see any indication that there's an increase coming in the U.S. Egg sets now are about 98% of a year ago, so you can kind of see what the next quarter looks like. So my guess is a lot of that's going to Mexico.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah, we really don't see any changes. We've evolved our pricing mechanisms over the last three years or four years, and I'm assuming that we'll continue to evolve them over time to make sure that we can ensure supply and work with our customers on pricing mechanisms that work for both of us. I think a big key for our business – and I know our teams are focused on this is to make sure that we've got the very best quality out there and we have outstanding service. And our team is doing a super job at that right now. So we'll continue to work on those things as we move forward.
Donald J. Smith: Ken, our business is built for growth, right? And frankly, I would much rather have a 9%, 10%, 11% Chicken business that's growing and outgrowing the categories that we're in than to push the margin structure and end up having to sacrifice growth to do that. So that's how we look at it. We're actively working on getting – we've got a lot of fully cooked capacity available right now. We're actively working on putting a lot of par fry capacity around us. I think the team has done a super job changing the mix that we are seeing some shift from frozen into fresh at retail and our folks are all over that. That's actually good for our business. So I think as we've looked out and run our models for the next five years, what we tried to do is get some large portion on standard deviation of the mean and that kind of thing built into the model to be able to reflect a business that can grow and maintain stable higher margins.
Donald J. Smith: You've got it. And I think, too, with adequate supply of pork, and we portend an adequate supply of pork, that means you should have favorable raw materials again next year in our Prepared Foods business, which should allow us to be able to grow that business and have a favorable margin structure. So we feel great about the way 2017 is shaping up. It's early, but we feel good about it.
Donald J. Smith: Well, let's end by reemphasizing, I think, an important point. As we continue growing our volume and our earnings, everything else will fall in line. Growth is and will be our primary focus. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today and I hope you have a great week.
