Kenneth Goldman: I'm still a little bit surprised though, given how few cattle are out there and how low capacity utilization around the packing industry may be, that you're guiding within your normalized range for the back half of the year. I'm just curious, is there something else in your guidance maybe beyond the return to normal in that choice select supply and gradings and prices in the other items you mentioned? Or maybe you're expecting a competitor to close a plant. Do you see some year-on-year comparisons maybe we don't? Any, I guess, further insights there would be appreciated.
Kenneth Goldman: I have one for Donnie and one for Jim, if I can. Donnie, how happy are you with the Tyson brand's ability? Obviously, it's a great brand, but its ability to succeed across the entire packaged meats aisle in the supermarket. And the reason I'm asking is you have a lot of cash in the balance sheet. There may be some attractive assets coming to market that neatly kind of complement what you do. And I know you can't discuss anything in particular. I'd really just be interested in your thoughts on your current portfolio's ability to play and win, say, in retail breakfast meats, lunchmeats, things like that.
Kenneth Goldman: And then, Jim, you mentioned you're pulling back somewhat on your hours in beef packing. Have you thought about the possibility of maybe going the other way? That is, running your plants even faster to temporarily drive margins down and force a competitor to shut a plant more quickly. Or is that just way too risky a strategy? I realize it's easy for us on this side to think about that. It's a lot harder to actually pull the trigger and it may not even be the right strategy long-term. I'm just curious how you think about that.
James V. Lochner: Well, let me start with your comment that cattle supplies are markedly lower or the implied that they are markedly lower. A lot of times, what people miss is, we're dealing with a 2-year lag of the calf crop. And if you really look at what the calf crop has been, we're dealing right now with the remainder of '12 or calendar year's '10 calf crop, which is 35.7 million. That's not a big decrease compared to the last 2 years. It's what we've been saying, in that range of about 1%. And that will always be dependent upon also what cattle are imported, as well as heifer retention. And -- so I don't see this big decrease. And then I wanted to point out furthermore we saw in acnodes [ph] in that period, we saw substantial pullback in industry numbers. We also cut back 4.6% year-over-year. So those cattle on feed are still in the pipeline. We didn't process them to the same rate we had in prior years, in the Q1 period. And then in the last 5 weeks, we're also running substantially below a year ago. So we're pushing cattle out front. And what really happened is, cattle got higher-priced than the revenue was warranting. Part of that was really driven -- when you look back in arrears, that the choice select spread got wide. We had a false sense of security of what the revenue on the wholesale prices was bringing as the normal choice, middle meat choice and higher middle meat, which is the rib meat, strip meat and tenderloin meat, increased. And then when it seasonally correct, we were out of balance, and that's what caused this margin compression. So I'm not as concerned in the fiscal year of '12 that we're going be tight in supply. But as we look forward and we look at the calf crop of 2011 and we look at the projected calf crop for 2012, that's my comment basis. We'll probably see some adjustments going forward. So hopefully that answered the bulk of that question, why I'm fairly very optimistic we'll get this back, because we don't see the year-over-year big declines and we process fewer head in the acnodes [ph] in the last 5 weeks.
James V. Lochner: Well, fiscal '13 was last year's calf crop of 35.3 million, which was down from the prior year of 35.7 million. So, again, it will be dependent upon imported feeder cattle, which I don't see adjusting appreciably, and then whatever heifer retention shifts there are. And that's what we'll be monitoring.
James V. Lochner: Let me answer the back half of that question first, which heifer retention or the fed steer heifer supply, those decisions were made quite a bit earlier than -- those cattle are in the feedlot, not out in the field as replacement heifers. So we were watching that. That didn't show a major shift in the last 6 months. We're seeing a shift in the animals killed the last 6 months but not the animals placed. Now why did margins get so out of whack in January? Again, we came through tighter margins, pulled back supplies through the November-December period and a very high choice cutout that quickly corrected, which set, all through the acnodes [ph] period, a higher cattle cost that was built on the premise that the choice select spread was higher. That also drove up the average cost of all cattle. And, again, the mandatory price reporting groups don't always reflect the true value differences in cattle. So simply said, the overall cattle costs were higher than the revenue bear-ed and -- or warranted throughout that whole time frame. And when we came through the first couple weeks of January, the kill came back up, and it appears that we all missed the revenue. We missed it. It declined a lot faster, and all of a sudden, cattle went up. In 1 week, the revenue declined and the cattle costs went up. And now we're starting to fight through how to get that back in line. But, again, the promising component to me is, we're coming through. We're building up cattle. We're not short supplies out front, and we'll just have to watch what the revenue will bear. And we did see the choice select spread quickly compress back down into the $4 to $5 zone -- $4 to $5 a hundredweight zone. So when you have that margin compression like we had, it takes a couple of weeks' lag time for it to correct that. And we've got our kills way pulled back in an effort to manage margins. So hopefully that gives you a little more explanation on that.
James V. Lochner: Well, as I said in my comments and a couple of times, in the end, we're trying to forecast what we think the revenue will be and buy cattle accordingly. In the end, what happens on wholesale prices is if meat's clearing the system and there is more -- the pipeline is empty, prices go up and vice versa. And I know most analysts and charts I've seen have shown some pretty strong resistance on a choice cutout of 195. So we'll have to see. A lot of that depends upon domestic availability and what the domestic and the export disappearance are looking like. So right now, it looks like there's been some price resistance, keeping in mind that all through '09, '10 and '11, we raised prices substantially.
James V. Lochner: Well, we had a long list of things that I was worried about, and that's what we try to anticipate, a variety of different scenarios relative to how we're managing our forward sales, our pricing risk, our buying strategies. And we're looking at the big picture. That's why we spend a lot of time looking at the real supply chain drivers and the lag times that are out there. But as I've pointed out, we've seen this 0.5% to 1% decline in the calf crop. The biggest thing that bothered me was simply that the beef cow inventory dropped fairly quick. The beef cow slaughter numbers didn't -- were only up 175,000 the last 12 months, yet the overall cow number dropped 967,000. So we'll feel that in 2012's calf crop, which will be 2014's fed steer and heifer supply. So -- and we got plenty of time to look at adjustments and how that influences the overall psychology of the market and the overall supply chain.
James V. Lochner: We started January, as you know, with a tougher scenario, and again, that's the whole component. We're not projecting robust beef prices in this time frame. And so, again, in this business, the key is that the raw material costs, that we have to get them down to what the revenue will warrant. And that's the push that's going on. And we do that the way we manage the volume we have every week. So we pull back volume, try to shore up pricing and decrease demand for fed cattle. And that's the way the business works and always has worked.
James V. Lochner: I envision -- we have that extreme margin compression in a 1-week period. And I always like to think we can get it back in the same time frame, but it usually doesn't work that way. It's definitely not out over 2 months. So we, again, have our hours pulled way back and trying to hold pricing, get pricing increases and be very selective in our procurement strategies.
James V. Lochner: The overall benefit on the export, obviously, is the domestic disappearance, and it drove -- that it contributed to drive up wholesale prices because we had a very strong year. We get our fair share and slightly above on the export market, and we try to work very hard at promoting U.S. pork abroad, as do a number of our competitors. And so we're really -- as we manage through our margin, we're paying very close attention to what we think the forward export disappearance looks like, how that fits into the domestic demand and really trying to maximize the revenue for the whole. And, again, our business, we really just put a lot of focus on managing the mix, managing the yields, managing the quality, customer service and staying very close to the market and working through that process. But I do think exports in pork will continue be very strong throughout this fiscal year, and I don't see a major drop-off. I'm hopeful we'll continue to see an increase as we go forward.
James V. Lochner: USDA, I noticed, was predicting down, but I don't see any major shift other than perhaps in Korea. But I do see other parts of the world picking it up.
James V. Lochner: Just real briefly on pork. I mean, the big answer is, we saw the quantities decreased from '08 down into '10, '11, '12. And the whole pork complex is in a reasonably good balance with export, domestic and supplies. And we've always had plants in very good locations. We're very efficient. We know how to manage the mix. We know how to work through our overall yield, our overall quality issues and stay focused on that. And so there's a good balance in the industry, but -- and we really understand the details. I mean, that's why it's worked very well.
James V. Lochner: This is Jim. I'm not sure really how to answer that, other than we really focus on the details and what the forward revenues, what the demands are going forward, and really try to match what we think we're going to run from a supply standpoint and really what we think the raw material or the commodity warrants from a price standpoint. There will be quarter-over-quarter where certain things shipment [ph] adjustments. But we got very good teams that really are very experienced, and we've put a lot of good CapEx on our plants and we stay very efficient. And our plants -- keep in mind our beef plants are located in very good states where there's very good supplies of fed cattle, and same thing in our pork plants. So we have some good location advantages, which has been a long-term strategy from years ago.
James V. Lochner: Sure, I will. The alarming number -- and I was watching very carefully with the drought that we experienced last year, what the impact to the supply, the base of the supply chain being the beef cow herd, would do. And, again, if you're watching beef cow slaughter numbers, you thought, well, will decrease about 175,000 over the last 12 months. But then all of a sudden, we saw this big decline of 967,000, down to a 29.9. And you saw Oklahoma and Texas cow numbers decrease. Now a lot of people think that those states then will have some issues relative to availability of the cattle. Keep in mind, the cattle are fed still in feedlots that are close to the grain with good weather, good water and a good environment. And so we won't see -- we'll continue to see competitive feedlot source feeder cattle, and that's where our plants are located. And if you look at the feedlot placements and when it was all said and done, with the total number, you saw that the upper mid-east region was down considerably. And Texas was up 104. I think Kansas was flat. Nebraska was up. So where I'm headed with this is, the competitive feedlots will continue to feed cattle, and the plants located close to those will continue to have good sources. And that's where, again, we sit in a pretty good relationship to cattle on feed and where the cattle will be available. But long term, that cattle decline will have a structural change on both the feeding industry, likely, and the packing industry.
James V. Lochner: I really can't. I mean, obviously, Mexico does buy chicken from the U.S., and an anti-dumping duty would hurt the margin on that. I could tell you from our standpoint, our export sales, I'm going to call it customer portfolio mix, has changed fairly dramatically over the last 12 months. And we're not overly dependent on any one particular market for margin in our export sales. I mean, we've done a great job of diversifying our portfolio. So it may have an impact. I think the impact on our business would -- certainly, there would likely be one, but I don't want to overplay its magnitude.
James V. Lochner: To answer your first question. Are we going outside our region? No. To answer your second question, again, fiscal '12 is interesting going forward. I don't see that we're going be deficit cattle, particularly after we and the industry, looking at the industry number in the Q1 period, process the 3.6% fewer cattle. We processed 4% fewer cattle year-over-year in that quarter. And then in January, the industry's kills have been way pulled back. So we got to be pushing them forward because they are in the pipeline. Now when you go out beyond that, again, the key number I watch is the calf crop projected out for 2 years, and then try to factor in what we think heifer retention is going to be. So do I think the industry is in overcapacity? It's been there before. And looking at the long range out a couple of years with the implied 2012, this calf crop this spring, I'm guessing we'll start to see some adjustments.
James V. Lochner: And the third question, yes, this was a rough patch, and I've explained that a number of times. That 1 week, when revenues dropped and cattle costs went up, the spread got way out of whack and it can get messed up like that in a week. And it takes some time, 2 to 3 weeks or more, to get it back in line.
James V. Lochner: We have not run 40 hours. We've been between 32 and 36 in every plant throughout the year here, through January. But I just looked at the fed steer and heifer kills the last 5 weeks, which I watch very closely: 429 the first week, 493 the second week, 484, 472 and 471 projected for this week. Now that's a good 20,000 to 25,000 lower than a year ago. So the industry is clearly not running anywhere close based on that. I know what we're running, and I can look at that inference and get pretty close. But the industry's running considerably less than 40s and probably considerably less than 36s. And again, you're looking at that additively. Those cattle will have to get -- at some point, get processed. So, again, just really watching the acute numbers and what's going on week-to-week, which is how you really manage these businesses.
James V. Lochner: I can't comment on what our competitors because that decision really gets to, is your plant competitive in the region from a revenue cost, size, scale, mix standpoint? And there's a lot of variables. The ones we shut down were knocked -- in '06 and '08, weren't competitive in the regions, and they weren't competitive within our structures. And so that really becomes a key component that you have to look at. And again, looking at the macro play, which I've covered a number of times, I'm just really watching the numbers going forward. In the next few months, it doesn't appear so, but I -- if I had a noncompetitive plant, I'd be looking at it. I mean, that's all I can say. We're looking at our competition and what -- excuse me, our plants from a competitive standpoint on a continuous basis.
James V. Lochner: I mean, yes, I know that plant in Aberdeen is in some phase of construction. I've not been tuned in to what the projected opening date or startup looks like. I have no idea. I just know it's being built.
James V. Lochner: Well, that's a good question. But I'm just really looking. And when I referenced, I'm talking our fiscal year and sometimes, people get misaligned a bit because they'll look at the calendar year, which a lot of the other data. But October and November were up 40% year-over-year. So that -- we still saw that strong strength. Now I do think Korea might adjust. But keep in mind, there's a big, long lag phase once you have herd reduction to correct a disease problem like they had. You can't fill that pipeline. In the case of hogs, that's a 19-month recycle. That's why I'm saying it. It's the same thing in China where they had to correct some -- or are doing some liquidation to control some diseases. So that's why -- where I'm at. And a lot of people think you can turn that production cycle back on that quick. But when you just look at it, it's a 19-month to see an increase. And then I'm seeing the residual carryover in October and November numbers that are still very strong. Now do I think they're -- so I'm not pessimistic that we're going to see a decline at all. I'm optimistic that we'll see a gradual incline because those numbers -- those supplies can't be replenished that fast.
James V. Lochner: I had a really great crystal ball because it's being managed in the business. But the reality is that the U.S. is still a very competitive place to produce pork, and if the dollar and the relativity, the global protein supplies -- or demand continues to increase and outstrip the ability of the supply chain to catch up.
James V. Lochner: The simplest answer to that, no. We really try to manage. Over a long run, you got to manage margins. You work on, again, your sales mix, your forward sell, your customer, your premium programs and then you really try to project what the revenues are going to be and what the raw material costs warrants basis that revenue projection. We manage our own business. We don't have a market play in that whole scheme. So I should have just stopped with no, but I gave you a little more color.
James V. Lochner: The economics, I think that changes the dynamic. That's a really good question because we really watch these feeder cattle import numbers, and they supplement that and have been in the pipeline. In recent years, the Canadian number has declined. And so as the Wheat Board decision changes the dynamics of feed wheat availability and the competitiveness of feedlot in Canada versus the U.S., it may. I don't know. It will depend upon what that front-end economics at the point in time, the calves and the cost of gains versus what the deferred futures are looking like in the revenue. But it changes the dynamic. That's very worth watching.
James V. Lochner: Well, that will be where the feeder cattle -- I'm guessing it would be a greater -- the issue will be, will there be more imported feeder cattle? And Washington state, as one example, was up appreciably, which we have a plant in Washington. And those cattle would be a lower delivery cost to the upper Midwest from a feeding standpoint. So it would be favorable.
James V. Lochner: Well, I think what I said was I didn't think we'd be permanently as strong as Q1. But, yes, we expect to be above normalized. Again, I don't see a major shift in that fundamental at all going on.
Donnie Smith: Sure, Christine. Breast meat pricing is a bit of a two-edged sword for us. Let me try to explain that. When we build our supply plan, we make sure we balance on whole bird increments and then build in the flexibility to buy some parts as we need them, rather than grow a whole bird when we would only have a good sale for part of the bird. For example, in your scenario, we wouldn't necessarily want to grow a bird for wings and leg quarters and not have a good sale for the rest. So what we do is we balance on a whole bird basis, and that gives us the flexibility to buy breast meat when the breast meat market is soft. And then, of course, when the whole bird revenue model indicates that margins are appropriate, we can grow the bird. So on the buy side, we're currently able to take advantage of these weaker prices. Now, of course, that sword cuts both ways. And the weaker breast meat markets have somewhat of an opposing impact on our finished product sales. But our model differs from commodity models in that across our total portfolio of sales, we experienced more financial impact from changes in dark meat and whole bird prices than we do with breast meat prices. Now that, of course, is in large part due to the stabilizing effect of our greater proportion of value-added sales, which again affirms our strategy of continuing to accelerate growth of our value-added business.
Donnie Smith: Christine, there's always intervals at times when pricings are soft, pricing is softer or stronger. But in general, yes, for the rest of our year, we're optimistic about export demand for poultry and feel like that portion of our sales will be favorable for us.
Donnie Smith: Okay, Ron, while I can't comment on what others might be saying about pricing, I can comment on what we're experiencing. And during this round of pricing, which really is the fall and early winter, we were able to secure higher pricing. And in general, when we were forced to lock in a price for a period of time out front, we were able to build in some kind of relief mechanism, whether that be a grain collar or whatever. So we feel comfortable about our value-added mix and the opportunities that, that gives us to insulate ourselves a little bit from the commodity swings in the market pricing. We get paid for the value that we add to our customers' business. And our quality, our service, our innovative capabilities are really industry-leading. And we are building great customer loyalty, and we're getting paid for that. So I think that's why maybe we sound confident, because we are. Because we feel very comfortable that in concentrating on a customer and adding value to their business, that in turn will add value to our business and our shareholders.
Donnie Smith: I probably would have to say grain, although I could tell you, in the current range, we think grain is kind of trading in the upper end of its value range now. And you got to remember, you're probably facing probably a 95-million-acre planted crop coming in front of us, and that's going to be kind of a heavy weight on old crop prices. So I think that is a bit muted. And then we just got to continue to remain focused on providing the innovation and the market solutions that our customers need, and continue to help them grow their business and get through some of these difficult times. And we'll get rewarded with that, with more business and getting paid for the value we add.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Akshay, the overwhelming majority of the cost increase was grain. Now quarter-over-quarter, if you'll remember last Q1, we had a fairly significant increase in hedging for the quarter, and this quarter, we were pretty much flat and with a very, very minimal hedging line, I think $3 million or something like that. So the overwhelming majority of the increased cost in chicken is in the grain. Now offsetting that is our increases in price; improvement in our mix, in other words, selling more value-added items; and then continuing in cost efficiencies. I think we mentioned last quarter that we anticipate another $125 million or so in cost efficiencies for this year. And in Q1, we delivered something on the order of just shy of $25 million of that. So as you look forward, our pricing -- as you can see in this last quarter, our pricing was better, and we feel like that will continue. I agree with you that the year-over-year increases in feed costs are likely to stabilize. And so it's a matter of continuing to improve our mix, continuing to grow our value-added sales, continuing to drive operational efficiencies, and that will, in turn, continue to drive good margins and give us that opportunity in the back half of our year to get our Chicken business back into its normalized range.
Donnie Smith: No. Actually, the comparison will -- and, hey, what we're using is current basis levels, current futures prices versus a year ago. So just taking the forward curve on futures and basis today and projecting that out for the rest of the year. The impact for our year is an incremental couple of hundred million dollars, which is frankly what you saw in Q1. So for the balance of our year, we really see that impact flat. We don't have projected in a decrease in feed costs because remember, for the 4 quarters which would end in September, the last of those grain purchases are made in July. And so it takes about 8 weeks from the time you ship a train of grain to our feed mills for that to work its way through our cost of goods. So just kind of keep a mental picture that we buy grain through the end of July to secure our cost all the way through Q4. And by the end of July, we have no way to predict at this point what the grain situation is going to look like. Will it be dry or what have you? There's just no way to tell. So we just take the forward curve, and projected forward basis levels are really high right now. Railroads are still charging significant fuel surcharges in the freight rates. So the delivery basis of corn is still really high. So factor all that in, the year-over-year change, we think, is going to be about $200 million.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So there is some portion, although a relatively small portion of our business, that is susceptible to the commodity market pricing. So I can't, with all certainty, tell you what our revenue component is going to look like. I can tell you though that we are getting paid for the value we add. We feel good about our ability to add the value that we need to, to our customers' business to get paid for what we do for them and the solutions we provide them. So I feel good about the revenue. I can't necessarily call it. But I can tell you, we have been able to secure higher prices, and we feel good about our opportunity to continue to do that because of the way we're delivering for our customers for the rest of the year.
Donnie Smith: It's too soon to tell. Obviously, we're engaged. Our D.C. office is actively engaged in those conversations. But it's too soon to tell.
Donnie Smith: Speaking for ourselves, we have a pretty good taste of what oversupply looks like, and certainly we will pause before we risk returning to an oversupply situation. But we really like where we stand. Our supply and demand is very well balanced. We have an opportunity at times to take advantage of buying the parts we might need. So I could tell you that currently, our forecasted demand and our supply plan does not need adjustment. But we look at that constantly, and we will make adjustments as needed.
Donnie Smith: Rob, on the capital piece, you're really, really close. I mean, that's -- you're all over the number. And I would tell you, on the return, I figure 2 or 3 years or so, we should be at that point. And our Jiangsu plant has started up. The ramp-up is on target. We feel very good about our model. We feel very good about our customer mix in China, who we will be serving, and the product portfolio that we will be serving them with. We're doing a good job so far in getting our production supply chain built out like we want to. So it's going to take some time, but we think 2 or 3 years out, we're there.
Donnie Smith: That's actually a great question. We have a tremendous amount of confidence in the Tyson brand and its brand promise and our ability to deliver on its brand promise. Now we also have a stable of other regional and national brands that have a brand promise. For example, Jim in his remarks talked about Wright Brand. Wright Brand has really grown in acceptance. He mentioned 10,000 points of distribution last year. That's amazing. And so that brand delivers very well on its brand promise consistently over and over again. So I would not want you to think that we would only use the Tyson brand or the Tyson logo to extend across the meat category. But certainly, you can tell from our comments that having a broad, diverse portfolio of products is very important to our strategy. Now I think -- and I'm going to add a little bit. Maybe it was in the question, maybe not, but over the last couple of years, we've done a great job of strengthening our balance sheet and our balance sheet gives us the flexibility. We use the term around here, "optionality," to be able to buy or to build. And so we have the opportunity to look at any channel, any category, any type of product grouping and decide whether or not we want to build our current assets and then build through that particular category that way, or whether or not we want to buy that -- buy a business that might fill that gap. So I like having those options. It gives us an ability to keep our return on invested capital forefront as we grow our business. And certainly, both of those are very important to our strategy to both grow our business and to keep an acceptable return on invested capital.
Donnie Smith: Farha, your answer is yes. It is a factor of all of those. The great thing about our Prepared Foods business is that it is so diversified. Our tortilla business is doing very well. Great business in pizza toppings. I would tell you, maybe a weaker part of that segment has been our lunchmeat results. But I'll tell you, we've got a great team around that business. They have absolutely anchored themselves in the fundamentals of the business and are making very, very rapid progress. So we think there's a segment within the segment that has not been performing, that will continue to improve and perform ever -- even better, which makes us feel even more positive about our Prepared Foods segment. So it's coming in all forms. Our mix has improved. We've changed our selling strategies. Our food business has improved. We've -- of course, for a lot of that business, the raw material is beef and pork. And as raw material prices have stabilized, that's allowed some of the lagging pricing mechanisms that we have to catch up. And certainly, that's improved. So it really is a combination of multiple things. But I guess the bottom line to that whole business is a great diversified portfolio, being run very well by an extremely competent team, meets tremendous customer needs. And we feel very positive about our results in that segment.
Donnie Smith: No, you're right on your market prices. We feel great. Akshay, one thing on your cost model. Think stabilized, not improving.  So listen, we have to run, but thanks for joining us today and obviously for your continued interest in and your support of our company. We've got to head off to the shareholders' meeting right now. So we just hope you all have a great day. Thanks.
Kenneth B. Zaslow: Well, when you say you're in a soft patch for beef packing margins, do you actually lose money? Are you still making money? Are you profitable? I guess just kind of magnitude of what we're actually seeing. That's what I just want to know. But that's actually the least of the 3 important questions.
Kenneth B. Zaslow: Yes, I'm not sure exactly how to model it. I was just going to put "RP" [ph] on it, I guess. But in terms of the -- do you think the industry right now -- you don't think the industry is overkill, and you think right now the -- like are you guys running 40 hours a week? Is the industry running 40 hours per week? Can you just talk about what people are actually -- what the industry is actually doing on an hourly basis right now? It seems like, again, from people that I know, it seems like there is a potential that the facilities are being run a little bit harder than they should be.
Kenneth B. Zaslow: You don't think capacity over the next 10 to 20 months has to come out of the industry. You don't think anybody is going to close down or anything is going to change structurally, like what you guys did in, what is it, end of '08 or '09 where you guys actually closed down a facility. You don't think something like that has to happen over the next 10 to 20 months for a restoration of normalized margins.
