Stewart F. Glendinning: Dennis, thank you for the kind words, and best of luck to you. I'm happy to be here and excited about the fundamentals we have to work with. Tyson is in an enviable position as the largest food company in the U.S. It has an increasingly branded product portfolio and a strong team, whose record speaks for itself. And while we expect over $300 million of incremental cash flows as a result of tax reform, our capital allocation priorities have not changed. We will continue to be disciplined in our long-term focus on driving shareholder value, as we plan to continue to use our cash to reduce debt and grow our businesses organically through sustainable operational efficiency and capital expansion projects, along with investing in innovation and brand building. Also, we will still have the flexibility to acquire businesses that support our strategic objectives, along with returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, while maintaining plenty of liquidity and investment-grade credit ratings. Now, here are some additional thoughts on fiscal 2018. We expect top line sales growth of around 6% to 7% to approximately $41 billion. The expected increase is attributed to base volume growth and incremental AdvancePierre sales of approximately $1.1 billion. Net interest expense should approximate $335 million. As Dennis mentioned, we currently estimate our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 24%, which reflects the impact of tax reform. CapEx is expected to approximate $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion, which is up about $100 million from our previous guidance due to incremental tax reform investments, as we accelerate spending on additional capital projects to further unlock operational improvements with a focus on sustainability and innovation. Based on our average share price in Q1, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 371 million before share repurchases. Overall, Q1 was a great quarter, with more than $100 million improvement in our value-added segments, Chicken and Prepared Foods. The remainder of fiscal 2018 is consistent with how we viewed it coming into this year. And with the incremental impact related to tax reform of $0.85, we are now raising our annual adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $6.55 to $6.70. To be clear, our previous guidance has not changed other than accounting for the positive impact of tax reform. This new range is approximately 23% to 26% of the fiscal 2017 adjusted EPS and represents a 5-year compounded annual growth rate of approximately 24%. In closing, our Q2 is historically choppy. And with added margin pressure and increased freight and labor, as Tom described, this Q2 will be no different. However, despite these challenges, we do expect Q2 earnings growth compared to prior year on both a pre-and post-tax reform basis as we remain focused on executing our strategy to drive long-term shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin the Q&A.
Stewart F. Glendinning: I've only been here a month, but that's a big statement coming from Tom. So, anyway, listen, back to business. So, two points here. First of all, your question on why did we choose not to adjust, look, that expense is coming as we pay out the $100 million. You're going to have a huge amount of transparency to that, so whether I adjust for it, don't adjust for it, you're going to know the $100 million is there and you can decide how to put that into your models. I can commit to giving you transparency, as you say. Relative to the tax rates, because of the timing of tax reform, we take out three quarters of benefit this year. We'll pick up full four quarters next year. There is a bit of an oddity in that the tax rate goes up next year for us, and that is simply because whilst the better rate is coming down, we do get a domestic production credit which exists in fiscal 2018 which is not there in 2019. And so, that takes us back by a few percentage points in 2019. But I would just look back at the, in total, our tax rate goes down dramatically and there will be a lot more resources available for the company. So, net-net, good result.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. Rob, I would just say, look, the driver in the marketplace here is less about the hog supply and more about the processing capability. There are new plants that have opened. And as those new plants have opened, that's changed some of the dynamic, at least, in the short run in the industry. So, happy for Jon to pick up in more detail on the hog supply, but I would say focus less on the supply and more on the processing capacity in the industry.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. Look, Akshay, we – first of all, let's step back. This company has very, very strong cash flows and has the benefit of being able to pull a wide range of levers as it relates to capital allocation and tax reform. By adding another $300-plus million, it's going to do nothing but help that scenario. When you look at where we're deploying the cash this year, yes. You point to the $100 million of one-time bonuses. The additional money that we expect to spend that we've talked about is around what we call high-return capital projects. Some of those involve technology, and you're right. Technology makes a big difference in this business; whether that's our automation in plants or whether that's systems in the back of the house that allow for greater back-house efficiency, both of those are included in our project. But what I've been really excited about as I've come into this company is to see that the long backlog of very powerful, strong ROIC capital returns, and this extra cash is just allowing us to drive that a little bit harder and faster.
Stewart F. Glendinning: John. Okay. Well, let's take the $100 million first. The $100 million will be part of our adjustments as we give you adjusted earnings. Why do we do that? Because we've got a set of rules that we've used around adjusted earnings that we're following consistently. As I answered earlier in the call, you'll have the benefit of the full transparency around the $100 million. So you know that it's there. It is not included in the adjusted guidance, so first point. Second point, your second part of your question was what happens with Frozen Foods, such as the Sarah Lee business. Yes, that will be in our numbers for longer. But when you look at the moving parts around that transaction costs – holding cost. Actually, the number's not really material to the total guidance range. And for that reason, it's embedded in our outlook.
Stewart F. Glendinning: What I'm saying is, yes. We don't expect to see any dramatic influence on our guidance around EPS related to the holding of these businesses.
Stewart F. Glendinning: I would just add by saying that I mean that's why we give the guidance and our expectations are currently embedded in that.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes, sure. Hey, Jeremy. It's Tom. Absolutely. It's great performance in the first quarter. We're extraordinarily excited about it. We're extraordinarily pleased and proud of the team and what they've been able to do. As you called out, freight is a tough one. I mean, it's affecting all of our business so, to be clear, not just Prepared Foods. So, we do plan to and are in the middle of pricing for it, and it's not always easy to do that. But it's something that we have to do because it's a cost. We got to pass it through. And ultimately, the consumer is going to pay for it at some point, but it's – to say how it's going to actually hit every quarter, I can't give you that specificity. But suffice it to say, we feel great about Prepared Foods business. It's still early. It's Q1. Typically, Q4 is little bit challenging for us, as you know. So, the mix of products would be different, consumption base, schools being of season and so forth. But we think that the year is going to be fantastic. We're guiding to around 11%, and we will overcome the challenges that we have with freight.
Thomas P. Hayes: Not the quarter. We told, for the year, it's about $200 million, but not specific for the quarter. We can't. Sorry.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. So, the – it's what we talked about earlier with Jeremy, Heather. It's between the freight and weather. There were some issues, certainly, that affected us. But what I'll say is we believe it will be around 11% for the year. And it's critical that we recover these increased freight costs. We're pretty tight right now. We are very full. We have a lot going for us, and that's a good thing on one hand. On the other hand, to the extent that we have any bumps on the road, it does cause us to maybe work not as efficiently as we potentially could have. , o it's really freight and labor. We're overcoming that. We're getting on top of whatever little inefficiency that creates. But I'll just refocus you back on the full year margins of 11%. We're extraordinarily excited about that. And then, not for nothing, you got to look at the growth. The growth in the Chicken segment is phenomenal, right, compared to our competitors – even our own expectations. I mean, I am so proud of what that team has been able to do.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. It's pretty high. What I'll tell you is the sales team is great at representing what we do really well and the value that we provide. We are so focused on our customer's growth that nobody wants to take a price increase for sure, to be clear on that. However, we have partners, and they want to grow the business. They understand the value that we play in their overall growth, whether it's branded Tyson – which is growing like crazy – which I talked about, or private label products. So, not an easy discussion, absolutely. But the sales team is after it. And I feel very bullish about our prospects of getting that ball covered.
Thomas P. Hayes: I'm going to turn it over to Stewart here in a minute, Tom. But you're in for Ken Goldman. I do have to say congratulations to Ken for the Eagles' victory. I'm sure he's at the parade today or something. Being a Pats fan, it was terrible for us. But hey, congratulations to Ken. Please pass that on for me.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. Tom, I'll just start reiterating what I just said when Heather asked the question. For us, it's a matter of the value that we provide. And certainly, some customers are going to be more challenging than others, depending upon what our relationship is. The ones that are most strategic get it. If we have transactional relationships, yes, it's going to be tougher. But I'd say, overall, I'll just reiterate, we feel very bullish about our ability to price for our products because of the value we provide.
Thomas P. Hayes: No. We're not down. I think the overall is up. AdvancePierre is strong, as well. They continue to perform in line with our expectations now. Remember, the results are split, all right? It's between Prepared Foods and Poultry. And we're probably not going to be talking a lot about this in the future, parsing out AdvancePierre right with the base business. They're part of the team. I would say the integration has gone extraordinarily well. We're really excited about the growth potential they're providing in all areas of our business on all channels. So, I wouldn't take away that the business is underperforming. If anything, I think it's having a real positive impact, not just on the product lines but also the team members that are now a part of the Prepared Foods and the Poultry business that are helping us grow.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes, sure. Yes, we are really proud of our results in the first quarter. I mean, 6.6% is an excellent result. Like I said, we projected about 6% for the full fiscal year. I will hurry on to say Q2 is going to be a little choppy, right? It's exhibiting sort of the same thing since I've been with the company. And certainly, the history happens in the market. But as it relates to where we are with the cattle cycle, the structural nature of the business, we have pretty good visibility into 2019 and 2020 at this point. We see the number of animals that are out there. Exports, a major part of the revenue stream, up 10% year-over-year for the industry. As we say on most calls, it's not every call. It's a very regional business, and we like the regions we're in. So, as Beef changed structurally, what I'd say is the cycle correlates to long-term producer profitability. We've done a nice job expanding our revenue opportunity with premium programs. We had continued to talk about it even over this past week, the excellent progress we're making in getting our premium programs out to our retailers and our foodservice operators as we continue to margin up that part of the business. And I'm really proud of the team for the work we're doing there. But from an overall outlook perspective, we're bullish, no pun intended.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. The only thing that I could say is maybe there's some deflation in there that might be accounted. Rob, we're going to have to come back to you on that. Jon will take that with you after the call because we're not connecting the dots on the same thing that you are.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. Sure. So, we do see margin compression. We talked about that. We saw it coming, or knew it was going to come when we had our call last quarter. So, it's playing out about as we expected. New players enter the market. The pie gets cut up a bit differently. They try to find supply of hogs and margin is compressed in the short run. Now, how long that lasts, who knows? It sort of levels out at some point. I'll say that all of our assumptions are built into our annual outlook, which is 9%, which is above our normalized range. So, yes, it's not as stellar as it was last year. But certainly, 9% is a number that we're proud of. We're not having trouble with getting hogs. We're seeing more hogs coming. I think the hog supply will meet the harvest capacity. The same thing is always true. As new entrants come in, they take a while to assimilate. This is going back decades ago. It's something as it continues to build, it happens the same way. We're a great established processor, especially with the team that we have. We'll work our way through it. I'm not going to comment on anybody else's business but our own. But I'll say that we feel like we're in a good spot.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes, I don't know. Look, that's not something that we feel that there's a – it's going to be continuing to increase. We feel like there's – as far as we're concerned, we're going to have the hogs that we need. But I can't parse the numbers that closely, Rob.
Thomas P. Hayes: We don't imagine that happening. I think the hog supply will be there for the capacity. Exports are continuing to be extraordinarily strong. We're not at all worried about that, Rob.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. Sure. So, FY 2017 came in $1.1 billion thereabouts, and we have consistently been working on improving our cost structures. That's maybe an element that may be discounted in your model, I'm not sure. But that overall improved cost structure will deliver about $150 million as we roll out the Tyson productivity system throughout the entire business. It's been extraordinarily successful. This is something that we've talked about a bit, maybe not in as much detail. APF adds, in terms of Chicken margins, it's a bit smaller. But there are other financial fitness objectives that we have beyond just the TPS that are procurement-related and so forth that are not small, probably $70 million, $75 million. And then, as you call out, the volume mix is going to contribute. So, for all those reasons, we're confident about that 11% margin.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. So, similar dynamic to what we've seen in the past. Small bird margins can be challenged. A lot of small bird production that's come on. We feel like we're in a good spot to create value, but we also see that those rotisserie, that rotisserie bird business – the deli business – is a challenging pricing dynamic, as that becomes, adds more supply against it. So, yes, it's been a bit of an issue for us. But as I said, nothing that we're going to – it's going to cause us not to overcome that with other areas. And I would add – to point you back to my comments on the value-added business, both the retail and foodservice, which was predominately the big bird side of it, our experience has been extraordinary. So, the Green Forest plant that we spent on last year, $135 million, came up running well. And I would say that we will be fully taking advantage of that and be prepared to build new capacity because we need to support the growth there. But, yes, we're going to have from time to time parts of our business that are going to be difficult. There's no question about it. But over time what you should see is our margin variability is not something that you should be concerned about. It should be overall sort of moving in the right direction. But there will be some areas that will be tough from time to time.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. So, I can't talk about the previously idle capacity. What I can say, Michael, is that we have, like I said earlier, good visibility into the cattle that's out there. We see the number of animals, so that's certainly good for us. The Cattle on Feed report looks good. And they have to come to market, so that's what causes us to be in the space we are as it relates to our margin profile, which is 6%, is good on that business, as you know. Now, as it relates to the quarter-to-quarter cadence, I can't get into that because it's just something that you can't predict with that level of certainty. What I'd take you back to is how we've been describing our business overall. I mean, we're a powerful engine for growth as the largest U.S. food company continuing to grow past the industry in almost any area. You need to look at what our business is in the first half and in the second half because we will have movement quarter-to-quarter. But the cattle cycle, we feel like we're in a good spot. And it's going to be a choppy Q2, as always. But we feel great about the balance of the year.
Thomas P. Hayes: Export demands, we don't have concern. But for – I will talk about NAFTA but we feel really strong about all of our exports continuing to be double digits. We're very excited about, not only let's say, just the overall export environment but, in particular, how Tyson performs in that environment because our customers enjoy our product, enjoy our service. And our team has built tremendous capability there. As it relates to NAFTA, we need – there's no secret, we want it to be sort of left as is. And certainly the areas that need to be modernized as it relates to elements of the agreement, absolutely, and we fully support that. However, Canada is a large trading partner for us, maybe fourth or fifth largest. Mexico is large as well. And so we want that to continue, and we're hopeful that we'll get to a place that is win-win for everybody. And certainly as it relates to agriculture, do no harm. That's a message that we've been talking about no matter where we are. I've been around the world talking about it, we have been with team members that I've talked to as many as people as we can get a hold of to – it's got to support agriculture through making NAFTA, keeping where we are.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes, so you just hit the nail on the head. The CAGNY presentation, if you happened to attend, probably most of the analysts on this call will, but we're really excited about talking to you at CAGNY. We've got a lot of good stuff, not just innovation, by the way. But in the IRI Nielsen data last month, there was a coding error in our data set. A large customer has changed UPC codes and data providers just hadn't picked it up. So it was sort of a, say, a one-time glitch. It affected our prepackaged ground beef business. So the volume for the year and the volume was in last year did not pick up there year, volume runs at a rate of about 10% of our total retail sales volume, without the error relatively flat. Got a few losses occurring in some categories. I told you about last quarter, we took some pricing. So importantly, we're now lapping sort of huge comps from a year ago, but as we took the pricing that's going to have an effect. Our data providers expect all this to be cleaned up next month by March. But Core 9 Tyson volumes were not affected. And as we've talked – looked through all the data on the Core 9, the areas where we took price and we were going to see some share, we did, and areas where we wanted to continue to be on the same track, and we've actually met or exceeded the growth we have. Again, going back to the year-over-year comps were tough. And I've got to point to Jimmy Dean. If you continue to look at Jimmy Dean frozen protein breakfast, unbelievable. The growth there has been best in class for helping drive the total frozen category. And to finish with CAGNY as I started, you'll see some new things there that hopefully you'll be as excited as we are, because that business is on fire.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. Thanks, Akshay. The USDA estimates about 2% growth. It's in line with consumer demand growth. Our demand has been, like we said, extraordinarily strong this year. Because of demand strength, we're building the new plant in Tennessee, but that will not be in the short run, that's certainly for the long run. What I'd say is, we're more focused on what is our supply versus our demand. We love where we're positioned. Our demand is very good. If production rises, it will help with the economics and buy versus grow program, which you know. You called out how we performed in the industry. We are extraordinarily excited about it. The breeder flock seems to be less of a leading indicator than it used to be for – I think some people have probably looked at that, but for us, the environment looks good and relatively balanced.
Thomas P. Hayes: No, let me just say that what we can talk about is the spread. As prices move, we are in a spread business and we continue to like how that plays out for us. And I'm just going to repeat, we're not having trouble getting hogs. We're seeing more hogs coming. So when you're in a spread business and you have good supply equals good results for us.
Thomas P. Hayes: Sure. So, Brett, I would say the margins that we guided to is what we expect for 2018. And we had talked about last quarter after the close of Q2, we'll come back and probably share what we think the margin ranges should be longer-term given where we see those businesses. And we're happy with where we are, certainly on Beef and Pork. As it relates to Prepared Foods margins, I expect it's going to continue to go north. So that business, we're fueling it with capital and the innovation that Sally Grimes and the team are driving is spectacular. So I'd say that to be in the 12% to 14% range feels right. When that is, I can't commit to if this is going to happen exactly this quarter or this fiscal year. But our innovation efforts are really kicking in and paying back, which we're extraordinarily excited about. Being in the right categories, in the right part of the store, we're competing in the fresh perimeter, integrating assets like AdvancePierre and Original Philly. Certainly, we have done extraordinarily well integrating those assets, looking for more to bolt on should be in your thought process. Now, on the synergy capture and financial fitness mindset that we have in continuous improvement, certainly plays out in all of our businesses but in Prepared Foods, that's no small matter. The team has does extraordinary work. George Chappelle and the group in the operations team has continued to make our operations even better and we're well diversified. We've got a great consumer business, great foodservice business, customer brands and private label. So like we said, 2018 will be around 11%, but longer-term, you should be thinking of that business in the 12% to 14% range.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. So I would say there are some retailers that we have been working with that we weren't in some private label categories, which we are now in. We didn't have the capacity. We didn't have maybe the products. And so that's point number one. Point number two is, on the foodservice business, we are extraordinarily excited about now the breadth of offering that we play. We were a valuable, certainly, supplier before as collective Tyson Foods, and now even more valuable. Philly steak is a huge product. It's got tremendous tailwinds. People are eating it. They like the protein value. They like the taste, which, oh, by the way, always matters. And so the revenue synergies we're starting to see come in the form of foodservice and foodservice convenience. I would say retail, customer brands and also the perimeter of the retail store. So what's nice about it is it hits almost every single channel that we do business in, which that breadth really helps our portfolio. It allows us to continue with the earnings power that we have.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah, so I'll start with China. China is still small. We're hoping for something bigger, but certainly exports are up and it's part of that overall revenue stream. I think I mentioned this, but maybe I didn't. It's up 10% year-over-year for the industry, so we don't necessarily give specific guidance as it relates to our import growth. But let me go back to another thing I said. As you were happy with the margins, so are we. There is so much work going on in attributes, so Open Prairie, and the team has focused on how do we take attributes, move them into the marketplace, hit a higher margin, continue to brand the beef products that we sell either to retailers or foodservice customers, and that's really helpful. And what I would continue to have you look at is quarter-to-quarter, our progress in that area. We'll probably be more specific about what those growth rates look like in our branded beef business and our specialty cuts, certainly, on an export basis, give us a great position to continue to take advantage of that strong export volume.
Thomas P. Hayes: Well, what I'd say is everything is going well, but we have the areas of our business that just continue to accelerate based on what we put in place in the last 12 or 18 months. You've heard us talk consistently about innovation and brand building, right? And so, Ken, if I were to point to one thing, I'd say that. Those efforts are paying off and they're paying off not just with the volume of those products, but also how customers are interacting with us. They look to us for growth and we are partnering with them. And so, yes, if I were to point on one thing, it would be that. And then coming back to the costs, those two things work in tandem. The ability for us to overcome cost that hit us, not just us but sort of industry-wide thing, it's easier for us to deal when we have those relationships with the customers. And good question, I'd point to innovation.
Thomas P. Hayes: Okay. Procurement. We have stronger contracts with our suppliers and so the procurement certainly has been a big area of focus for us. The sandwich-making, what it's allowed us to do is bringing what AdvancePierre did really well in sandwich-making, particularly on customer brands, and what we have done historically well with Jimmy Dean. There are some things that they were doing much better, and there are some things that we were doing much better. So, as a specific example, as we design the network going forward, we're taking the best of both and making sure that we're executing those. You've heard us talk about the approach to operational excellence that AdvancePierre had. They call it the APF way. We have taken the APF way, embraced it, and the team and led by George Chappelle, is running the entire Prepared Foods business now with that in mind. The accountability, the focus on lean, and so making sure that we take out any non-value-added costs. I'd say that's number two. And number three is the agility. So we haven't talked about this in a while, but the agility that the AdvancePierre team brings. They are constantly pushing us to make decisions faster, to be as customer-focused as we can be, and it's had an impact. Sally is running the business. They're doing things that are different and so I think being more agile for the customer, more focused on growth we already were, but I think that's making sure that customers' at the center of the table, that's a strong part of this.
Thomas P. Hayes: Okay. Well, thanks for the great questions. I appreciate your continued interest in Tyson and couldn't be happier with where we are. So thank you very much for that. I will say thank you to all of our team members that are listening around at the plants and also in our headquarters locations. We have had a fantastic start to the year. We've got work to do. I know we've got the best team to do it. Very excited and I will say we are off to a great start. Another record year. We're confident in our ability to sustainably feed the world with the fastest-growing protein brands. And as of that, have a great day.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And let me just add on to, Dennis, your congratulations and best wishes.
Adam Samuelson: I want to go back to the Chicken business a little bit and thinking about the outlook and really trying to understand some of the margin drivers to get to the 11% for the year. Obviously, the first fiscal quarter, we're starting below that. And year-over-year, the profit increase was fairly modest and the 11% guidance with an increased volume forecast actually points to a nice acceleration from the back half of the year. Can you help me think about that? I mean, you talked in the Q of $30 million of freight, growout and outside meat purchase inflation, which matters, but it's not an enormous delta. I'm just trying to think about is the expectation that you're going to get significant acceleration in pricing, much better mix, productivity on the cost side, layout of feed costs? Just help me think about kind of the drivers that point to a nice acceleration in profit growth in Chicken over the balance of the year.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And I just want to kind of follow up. On the quarter, I think, Tom, in your prepared remarks, you made an allusion to small bird pricing being challenging. Maybe expand on that. And just the volume mix in the quarter was quite healthy and you didn't see the leverage in the fiscal first quarter. Just trying to understand why.
