Donnie Smith: Thanks, Jon. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. Before we get into our earnings discussion, I would like to comment on this morning’s other announcement. As you may have heard, Tom Hayes will be succeeding me as CEO effective the calendar year-end. The Board and I agree that now is the excellent time to make this transition, the Company is performing exceptionally well and realizing significant growth and shareholder returns through our hybrid strategy of branded prepared foods and fresh meats. Simply put, I believe the Company has a bright future and that Tom is right leader for this next phase of our development. We have worked hard to create a strong platform that will take Tyson into the future and we have an impressive pipeline of talented management to help us to do that. We are leveraging scale, developing our brands and building value for shareholders. Since his promotion to President earlier this year, Tom has reminded me, the Board, and the rest of the management team on a daily basis exactly why we hold him in such high regard. He is a capable leader, a strategic thinker and a team player who is ready to build on what we have accomplished to-date and drive this Company forward. He has the skills to deliver on our strategic goals and complete the transition toward our hybrid model. I have committed to him I will remain available as a consultant for the next three years. As you can imagine, it’s a time of mixed emotions for me. I joined Tyson Foods 36 years ago and have spent my entire professional life here. In return, I have been given opportunities I could never have imagined. At Tyson, I have worked alongside some of the best most impressive people you could ever hope to meet and together we worked tirelessly to build a great Company. I would like to thank both the Board and the Tyson’s family for their encouragement and support without which I could have not succeeded. More than just delivering good financial results, we have been able to make a positive difference in peoples’ lives. I’m thankful for the seven years I had the opportunity to serve Tyson as its CEO, and I’m excited about its future and confident that Tom is the right leader for the next chapter. And with that, let’s now turn to the quarter.  Fiscal 2016 was our fourth consecutive year of record results with record operating income, operating margin, adjusted EPS, cash flow, Pork segment margins and Prepared Foods segment margins. Adjusted EPS grew 39% versus the prior year. Using the midpoint of our fiscal 2017 guidance of $4.70 to $4.85, the projected EPS five year CAGR would be 19%, which is outstanding. Fourth quarter results were slightly below our internal expectations impacted largely by a $35 million or $0.06 a share and mark-to-market and lower cost of market accounting treatments primarily in beef and pork, our production this year in Prepared Foods and one-time factors in Chicken that Tom will go into a more details shortly. Synergies for the fourth quarter were $165 million, with $67 million incremental over Q4 of last year. Synergies for the year were $580 million, with $258 million incremental to last year and well exceeding our $500 million target. We currently expect synergies of approximately $675 million in fiscal 2017, below our previous estimate of $700 million. While we still expect to achieve at least $700 million in total, due to the timing of some projects we now expect some of the synergies to fall into fiscal 2018. We bought back 8.3 million shares of stock for $600 million in Q4, excluding repurchases to offset dilution from equity compensation. For the fiscal year, share repurchases totaled $28.2 million for $1.7 billion. We were able to repurchase this level due to our record operating cash flows of more than $2.7 billion. 2016 was a great year, beyond setting records, we made tremendous progress leveraging the combined strength of the Tyson team and we are well positioned for even more success in fiscal 2017. Now let’s go to Tom for a report on our operating segments.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So I’m going to take the first one of that and then Tom and Dennis will start from there. Ken, I think this is an excellent time for us to be making this transition. Company is off to a phenomenal start for quarter, we are on a very solid foundation. As we have said before, we dispute the claims, we are looking forward to our opportunity to defending ourselves in court on the litigation. So that has nothing to do with the transition. So, yes, there is not a better time, we have got a great team, Tom is a very capable leader. So in terms of all of that there couldn’t be a better time to be making this transition. Now Tom, I’ll let you start on the second, third and fourth.
Donnie Smith: Sure. We think about the ROS is flat for a while, what we want to make sure is that we continue to do is focus on volume. Hopefully, you will see in those charts, we are able to see those online the investments are paying off, and we have significant investment going into not the least, which is MAP in Q4 that it was a big impact in the rate. And as you look at what we are doing for preparing ourselves for the 2017, it’s all about making sure that we have a shelf space, we are driving innovation and we continue to invest and frankly lift the investment in some other categories that weren’t ready for and some of the brands weren’t ready for the MAP spending as much as they are today. So we think in terms of fourth quarter played out pretty much as we thought it would, and as we talked in the last call, we are executing that strategy that we want to be continually at 10% and we did it in 2016. With more protein on the market, next year, we wanted to make sure we are in good position that I spoke to, and we want to continue to drive category growth with our customer. So we are continuing to invest significantly and growing where we want to grow, which is in the Core 9 as we have demonstrated.
Donnie Smith: Sure, I mean you called it as it relates to grain, we feel like that is pretty much flat, will be in the same position in 2017 as we are in 2016 as far as we known today. What we continue to do is drive the core of that business. So retail and food service, value added products can be drive to the non-core the commodity linked quarters and byproducts down. So roughly the value added products are up above 4%, the commodity products down 7%. So the net is, if you could look at the total, the chicken platform you see it’s roughly flat, but the mix in between is continuing to improve towards value added.
Donnie Smith: Sure. Yes, so as it relates to poultry first, the volume was off to for sure up in Q4. But we saw it come in, we have a good [Indiscernible] process, I think it probably goes with our experience and [Indiscernible] signals allows us to modify in advance of seeing that now. As Dennis has said and we talk about we have seen that come back in first quarter here. So the volume was off and it now has come back and the other thing that we want to make sure we do is we have lower inventories. We want to make sure that we don’t run into a season of high inventories and that certainly helped us towards selling through the inventory a large degree in Q1. So it was the right thing to certainly pull back in production. As it relates to trim pricing. So if you look at 72s and 42s the Prepared Foods business and particularly as it relates to hot dogs and grinding materials for sausage and so forth, the sharp spike dropped off dramatically as the trim is dropping off. It’s good for us, because costs were going down or price is up, I may shoot up. Again the slope of the change is going to cause us particularly on the food service business for reforming of price to have our raw material costs higher and our formula prices is lagging by about it is. So that was the short-term impacts, we are through that and that’s the situation there.
Donnie Smith: We see that the value that we provide through for all of our customers is predominantly focused on how they grow their categories overall and when we look at Chicken, we have significant MAP spending that they want, they want us to invest in the business and continue to drive growth. We have seen certainly some share gains and that’s something that we are tremendously excited about, as we look at how chicken that the retail value added poultry or the Tyson brand at retail it’s been doing very well, we have got a lot of innovation behind it. So those are sort of the key drivers and some of the food service business that we have picked up over this summer is starting to kick-in. So there is a lot of things that - I can’t give you all the detail on it Rob, but there is lot of things that are sort of working together that give us tremendous confidence about chicken volume not just Q1 but for 2017.
Donnie Smith: Yes. Sure. So, Ken soybean meal, yes you have seen the chart, everybody seen it, it spiked up and then it’s [Indiscernible] that was up and down enough and now it’s flatten back out, right. So, yes it has come back down and it’s being down so that is helping our cost base. And I would say it’s a relates to feed cost in Q4 is always a lag and our cost. So now that in speaking to the profit, we are going to be in a much better shape based on doing a couple of things. One is reducing the amount that we produce or inventories we are drawing down and also continuing to do what I said, which is focused on driving growth at retail through the Tyson brands and driving growth with the new food service customer places.
Donnie Smith: The answer to that Akshay is yes, they would have been within the normalized range that you have typically become used to and it is unfortunately a one-time occurrence that we are going good about in terms of Q1 and rest of the year.
Donnie Smith: So what I can tell you is we are seven weeks into our fiscal year, and we have lot more to come, we feel great about it. But everything thing that we know in terms of beef and pork pricing and chicken business in Prepared Food it’s in our projection. So as we move through the year, we feel like we are going to be in a great shape. We are seven weeks and everything that we know is in our projections. That’s all I can say about that. In terms of demand signal, that’s what drives our [Indiscernible] the demand is sometimes when you cross the end of the year it’s certainly difficult. But at the end of the quarter I think of it as while we go to put those couple of months together or couple of quarters together to really take a good luck at what the demand is. And that is insignificant thing certainly as we are coming into the fiscal year for us here. So getting into Q1, you will see that those two things are offsetting, but certainly beef pricing - not necessarily help the other proteins, but beef pricing has been down significantly, so you see the volume up rather sharply on beef.
Donnie Smith: Okay, I would say beef was probably the largest sharpest up of all the proteins. We can’t say there is anyone in particular issue, there is lot of thing we got to work to drive the volume and customers are loading it at different times or the season, they are trailing up inventories. There is not a specific thing that you can fit into other than we did see certainly beef as probably the largest factor.
Donnie Smith: So it looks like there is going to be sufficient harvest capacity to stay ahead of the increased hog supply. Our math is showing that the supply growth and demand growth like I said are relatively balance over the next few years and so that looks good for us. We feel like as it relates to season, the carcass weights are still not high as you might think they would be, indicating the supply as relatively current. So it remaining to be seen, it will that affects us, but we are feeling we are in a great position, we feel like we are well balanced between supply and demand.
Donnie Smith: Yes, I think that’s fair. It depends on when they happen in the year and how steep the service and so that’s what is going to drive whether or not they are going to have a short-term impact on how [Indiscernible] going to be. So I think that’s fair.
Donnie Smith: Yes, the mark-to-market I’ll ask Dennis to chime in here, but no its margin structure we are talking about going back to where we expect it should be and again I’ll just repeat that we have not small amount of marketing and advertising promotional investment.
Dennis Leatherby: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Fiscal 2016 was our fourth consecutive year of record earnings, as we continue to demonstrate the power of our diversified business model producing strong stable margins. We are investing our cash flows back into our business as we focus on long-term sustainable growth. Total Company return on sales was a record 7.7%, for fiscal 2016. Operating income was also a recorded at $2.8 billion, representing a 26% increase over adjusted operating income a year ago. On an adjusted basis, this represents our fourth consecutive year of growth in operating income and return on sales. Our record adjusted EPS of $4.39 represents a 39% increase over $3.15 per share last year. Our operating cash flow was a record $2.7 billion, and we have invested $695 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $78 million as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering high ROIC. We also used our record cash flow in fiscal 2016 to return cash to shareholders and to retire debt. We increased the dividend for fiscal 2016 by 50% from the prior year. We also have repurchased 28.2 million shares for $1.7 billion during the year. Combined, we have returned over $1.9 billion to share holders and share-repurchases and divided, and that’s after we retired some high coupon debt during the year, which further strengthened our balance sheet. In fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate was 31.8% and on an adjusted basis was 33.8%. Net debt-to-EBITDA for the past 12 months was 1.7 times. Including cash of $349 million, net debt was $5.9 billion, and total liquidity was $1.3 billion. Net interest expense was $57 million during fourth quarter and $243 million during fiscal 2016. For the quarter, average diluted shares outstanding were $381 million. ROIC was 18.1% and is approaching the pre-Hillshire acquisition level of 20.5%, which illustrates the strength and stability of our earnings, as well as our commitment to creating incremental shareholder value. Now looking forward, here are some thoughts on fiscal 2017. We expect similar revenues as we grow volume across each segment offset by the impact of lower beef prices. Net interest expense should approximate $225 million. We currently estimate our effective tax rate to be around 35%. CapEx is expected to approximate $1 billion as we focus on capacity expansion and operational improvements that create long-term shareholder value. Prior to adjusting for any additional share repurchases subsequent to this call and based on our average share price so far in Q1, we expect our average diluted shares to be around 376 million. This morning we reported our board of directors again increased our regular quarterly dividend by another 50% from $0.15 to $0.22.5 per share on our Class A common stock payable on December 15. This increase brings our dividend to $0.90 shares annually for Class A shares from $0.60. As we stated last year, we expect to increase future dividends for Class A shares by at least $0.10 per share annually. This increase and our commitment to steady future dividend increases demonstrates our confidence in the enduring strength and stability of our cash generation capabilities. We have a tremendous amount of momentum going into fiscal 2017 as we come off a year of 39% EPS growth. Our fiscal first quarter in 2017 is off to a phenomenal start, which gives us confidence in achieving annual adjusted EPS growth of 7% to 10% to a range of $4.70 to $4.85 per share. This new guidance range represents a five year adjusted compounded annual growth rate of at least 19%. While we are pleased with the growth we have achieved, we are excited about the significant increase in investments in fiscal 2017 that will drive growth for the future. In addition to a $1 billion in CapEx, we are planning heavy investments as Tom mentioned previously, while we continue to grow organically. Additionally, in fiscal 2017, we expect to return even more cash to shareholders by our announced increased dividend and additional share repurchases. We see compelling value on our shares and so far in the first quarter of fiscal year, we have repurchased another 3.4 million shares for $240 million. While some of our investments will not immediately fall to the bottom line, we are creating a sustainable blueprint for success that will allow us to grow in responsible way for the future. In closing, we take a long-term view toward investing in our people, our brands and our facilities, which will drive value and generate attractive shareholder returns. That concludes our prepared remarks. Denise we are ready to begin Q&A.
Dennis Leatherby: As far as share repurchases go Ken on that question. Last quarter we bought $600 million worth of stock. We bought 240 million so far and we have a phenomenal quarter going which means heavy cash flow. So you can expect we will have another big quarter. I won’t get into the exact number, but we will buy quite a bit stock back.
Dennis Leatherby: As far as the earnings going into this quarter, all of it will come back into the quarter from the shortfall standpoint. As far as the Georgia Dock goes, how much it will impact? It will have no impact if Georgia Dock went away.
Dennis Leatherby: Yes, I won't go through the specific impact of each one. What I will say is when the soybean meal market went up, we are probably less hedged, as we go towards the end of the year we are looking for the new crop. That is something that certainly if there are spikes, it's going to play through our numbers. As we go through our negotiations with customers, we look to capture everything that we can. I think in the last call we talked about severe run-ups, the slope of the curve is high, we have a harder time passing through those costs to our customers. So that was certainly a big impact.
Dennis Leatherby: And just to reiterate Jeremy, we are saying that for the year that earnings in chicken would be at or above the normalized range.
Dennis Leatherby: Yes. We kind of run that, we don’t influence necessarily the prices are going to be charging on the shelf, but you got to nail the dynamic is that the livestock prices have not come down faster than the retail prices has, which is allowed us to make the margins that we have right now in both beef and pork. So how that sticks to the season, I think it remains to be seen, but that is the dynamic that’s allowing us to have a very, very strong first quarter.
Tom Hayes: Yes. So, thanks Ken. And what I’ll say is the timing, I think from everybody’s perspective actually couldn’t be better given the great shape that Donnie has brought the Company to, and we are all just thrilled about the opportunities ahead of us. As it relates to the Q4 to Q1, yes there is a shortfall in Q1, and I think largely you will see it show up in the strong - Q4 show up in Q1. So the lower than normal results in Prepared Foods and chicken sort of relates to MAP spending that I spoke to. But I think we are in a great shape particularly in beef and pork, which I think shouldn’t surprise you. As it relates to the Georgia Dock, this is what we talked about before several times is that we really don’t use it that much, it’s about four or maybe a little lesser total chicken volume sales that are priced off the Georgia Dock. We have talked several times that we used a lot of different pricing mechanisms, and we are diversified, we don’t feel like it has significant impact to us. But the Georgia Dock has had very little influence on our price and strategy. Dennis I don’t know if you want to add.
Tom Hayes: So to repeat it's about maybe 3.5% to 4% of our total chicken sales off the Georgia Dock and customers can negotiate to price it off of whatever index they would like. But we have found that that's not a good proxy for cost and we have some very sophisticated buyers that tend to look more at grain inputs than they do the Georgia Dock. Certainly it's got a lot of history and it's something that's been around for a while, but we find increasingly our customers are looking to have discussions about where do they think grain is. And then, in addition to that, I would say there is a lot of discussions which we have also spoken about this, less about price than it is about everything else we offer as a Company and we are getting more and more into those discussions frankly and less and less about the absolute price of input cost. So again, I don’t know if that answers your question, but that is the way we think about, it's a very, very small part of what we do.
Tom Hayes: Yes. So the biggest one is we are spending quite a bit of money to expand production at our plants, we have got a lot of growth opportunities as I mentioned briefly in the prepared meat sector and food service we have some capital spending there. We have increased our spending against or increased our production capacity on cooked chicken, fully cooked chicken and we are pretty close to being well through that capacity and we need to build more. So think about the largest percentage of that would be focused on growth and in addition to that we are spending to make sure all of our process is working well, animal well being, a lot of sustainability efforts, but to answer your question on CapEx it’s predominantly focused on growth.
Tom Hayes: So Farha this is Tom, we are talking about Tyson as that’s all we can really speak to right. I mean that’s what we focus on, and it is the Tyson brand retail, significant innovation, advertising, we have been on-air with television, we are seeing the definite results of at that activity, like I mentioned up 6% heading into much stronger Q1. And speaking again need to be a broken record, but we have taken on some significant business throughout whether it's food service or retail predominantly on the Tyson brands. Certainly there are some retail private label that we plan, but it’s predominantly the Tyson brand that we are seeing increased spend.
Tom Hayes: Yes, we won’t quantify in specific terms, we will say that it was some of the down draft on Q4, there was as we closed one of our factories that produce pizza toppings, we had challenges moving to the factories that were actually increasing capacity at. So that was not our finest hour in terms of how we execute and we are in a much better position now, because the good news is we have strong customer demands and we are building capacity to meet that customer demand. And it was a onetime issue that's going to be certainly as we ramp up to serve the volume, we are going to see some continued at capacity numbers, but I would say that this predominantly due to that plant closures the affect it and so I can’t quantify for you but that's the story.
Tom Hayes: We are still going to be going through the first half of this year getting some stability against that in terms of impacting our numbers is more of an opportunity. But in order to drive the results it's getting all of the volume that we have subscribed out the door in terms of customer orders that's the biggest challenge. I would say that all of the supply chain issues would be solved for the second half of the year that's when the significant stability will come as well as our ability to serve all the order that we have on the improved demand.
Tom Hayes: Yes, so you know it’s definitely going to be a good year for pork that we have guided to. Well above the normalized range of six to eight, we said we think it’s going to be 10 plus. So we continue to see strong demand for pork, it’s seasonal for sure, but we have very strong demand for pork. And supplies are roughly, I think in unison with demand, so it’s a good thing for us and so that’s why for us we feel like it’s going to be a good year on pork.
Tom Hayes: Yes. So thank you, the Georgia Dock is one of many elements that we use, I would say that as we have talked about in the past probably the best for us is if we have something that’s tied to any industry it really the underlying grain. So if we have a customer that’s willing to block for a period of time then it’s marked for us - grain underneath to make sure we have a margin that’s blocked up. Beyond I would say we continue to see our portfolio move more and more to what I’ll call list pricing. List pricing with a promotional element on top of it, so regardless of whether its food service or retail that’s the model that we have within Prepared Foods, a lot of the chicken value add acts like Prepared Foods. So I would say that’s the predominant model beyond locking in against grain underlying input cost.
Tom Hayes: Okay. Well, thank you very much. What I would like to say is A, thank you for your interest and your continued interest during this Thanks Giving Holiday season, very happy with our investors, sell side, buy side analyst continue to be interested in our stock. And certainly thanks to Donnie Smith, he has been a great partner bringing me up to speed on everything I need to know about Tyson Foods family. And as he said in his remarks, he is not going anywhere for three years, he is going to be on speed-dial for me, so I’m very happy about that. So I would just say thank you very for your attention and I appreciate it and we will be talking to you soon.
