John R. Tyson: Yeah, Adam, I think your question was around what gets you to the high or bottom end of the range in a few different segments. What I can tell you is in chicken, there's a few different things that will influence the profitability in the year. One, I think our plan, we have an aggressive operational improvement plan and so our range reflects some different timing on how we achieve that. We also expect timing benefits from the closures last year to roll through as we get into around the midpoint of the year. And then of course, there's just market movement that we can't necessarily predict, although I think recent market data would show you there's more tailwinds than there are headwinds in our chicken segment. On beef, the width of that range really just reflects the range of outcomes and the spread in that business. Naturally, we would expect that range to tighten as we move through the year. But just to comment on some of the movements in those markets, even Q4 for us that we just finished was better than we anticipated, you know, a quarter ago. So just acknowledging that there's a lot of movement there, and I think then on prepared was the last one you asked about, that'll be driven by execution, consumer demand strength, how we invest our brands, and how they perform. So I think that this range is actually by going to the AOI dollars, we've hopefully for you and all of our investors, kind of tightened up the band of outcomes here, but there is still some natural unpredictability in just how close we can nail the number.
John R. Tyson: Yeah. I guess, I'll give you three or four data points on how to think about CapEx. Number one, we communicated throughout last year, that we were trending towards a $1.5 billion number, did not mean to make any commitments last year as to when we got there, although we feel as though that's the high watermark this year. And so, I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Q4 was at $370 spend for us and so that would track out to being at the high-end of our range for the year. I think that the other -- the other two things, that are worth pointing out is, number one, we have a lot of capacity expansion projects that are rolling off and finishing up, as we start '24. And then last but not least, if you just think about a normalized investment level in our business, if I were to go back to before we embarked on this period of significant capital investment, [$1.25 billion] (ph) was probably the -- was the average number between I think '17 and '21, so that's just recent history that would support the range that we're sharing today is in line with what we need to invest in our business.
John R. Tyson: Hey, Ken, this is John. And we appreciate the question. I think today we're not backing off of the long-term guidance, that we've got out there, but we're really focused on ‘24. And so, I think the time in the future when is appropriate and reflective of our high confidence on where things are, we will we will give revisions if we deem that to be appropriate or reflective of our outlook, but today we're really just talking about ‘24 and Q4 ‘23.
John R. Tyson: And Peter, if I can add one thing. Just to answer your question, we did not mean to indicate that the seasonality in Prepared would be meaningfully different than from prior years.
John R. Tyson: Yes, Ben. The answer to that question is, we do factor in some range of market conditions, although I would say in the band of our year-over-year improvement, it's probably about two thirds of that is what we're seeing from operations and one third of that year-over-year improvement has to do with some favorable grain prices and chicken market prices is how we think about that. And then I described earlier, obviously, how we get to the different outcome within the range. Wes is here with me, and maybe I can invite you just color a little bit more on the year, Wes.
John R. Tyson: Yeah. So we'd be projecting to refinance any upcoming maturities. I think we also have a term loan that we executed earlier this year to draw in November. And so just the rebalancing of the portfolio and the combination of the fixed and floating is where you see the rate -- the total interest expense tick up year-over-year.
John R. Tyson: This is John. I'll take that question. So as I mentioned earlier, we remain committed to growing the dividend, preserving dividend this year and growing it over time. I understand the question. I think our judgment was that on an absolute basis, about a 2% increase in terms of cents per share was modest and fit well within the range of outcomes for our capital allocation in '24. So I think that's how we answer that question.
John R. Tyson: Hey, Alexia, this is John. So we do would project for leverage to tick up a little bit as we move through the first part of the year. And really what's driving that is just lapping the quarters that we'll see from the first half of last year. And so once we move past them through that, we would begin to expect our leverage numbers to start to move back then.
Donnie King: Yeah, I think on working capital, the drivers will be pulling down some of the finished goods inventory, but we might give some of that back on inventory just in terms of the cattle prices and kind of what we've got on the balance sheet. As it relates to free cash deposit, we are committed to supporting the dividend for the year. And so we've given a range of CapEx numbers that we would expect to kind of reflect, wherever the AOI and EBITDA is, so that we can be free cash flow positive for the year.
Donnie King: Okay. I think to clarify one thing is that would be net of -- that would not include any opportunistic M&A. I think we've always been pretty active in the market, evaluating opportunities. And so we don't have any predictions or news to share there, but just acknowledging that we'll consider things should they come to market during the year.
Donnie King: Hey, John, if I might -- if I might add one thing to that, and you referenced some of the larger projects being behind us, I think it's important to remind everyone that in '22, we began to have an outsized capital expense. All of that was in service to making sure we had the capacity necessary to grow our branded portfolio, the value-added chicken, and prepared foods as well. And we've got those Danville, Virginia, we have Bowling Green, Kentucky, and Caryville coming online, plus a number of operations coming online outside the United States.
Donnie King: Sure. And as we've said a number of times, and we'll continue to say this, we are evaluating everything, leaving no stone unturned. If you go back and look at what we've announced thus far, the six chicken plants, and then most recently, the two value-added case-ready plants in our beef and pork business, those are typical of what we're looking for. But these are typically older, less efficient, certainly not modern that require a lot of capital expenditure to try to either expand or make efficient. So, we're choosing to move that capacity to another plant. We're not wanting to give up any volume or share, and we're doing that very well. But the other thing that may not be as quite as apparent is because of the efficiency play in all of our core plants, it has enabled us to run lines at rate. It's allowed us to get the labor and yield and throughput on those lines that we need. But that's also been an unlock in our ability to take away some redundant capacity.
Donnie King: Thanks. I'll throw out a couple things and then I'll let Brady step on-top of that. If you look-back in ‘23 supply-demand imbalance, there is a little of that occurring in port as we as we move into ‘24. We talked a lot about controlling the controllable, but here's what I would tell you about that. The team that we've got in-place today in our Pork business is a world-class team delivering best-in class resorts, couldn't be prouder of the work that they've done. But they're also working across the lines with -- as it relates to Prepared Foods and trying to unlock new opportunity. We obviously have more Prepared Foods capacity coming online. Some of the Tyson pork raw-material will be in support of that. But we're looking at each footprint in terms of Capital requirements, how efficient, what it would take to make it modern and upscale it, but then we're looking at network and how to do that. But with that Brady, anything you would add to that.
Donnie King: Thank you. Let me say -- make a couple of comments, and I'll turn it over to Melanie. Let me start off by welcoming Melanie Boulden who is our Chief Growth Officer, and she has taken over responsibility for our Prepared Foods and she's on our first call today representing prepared foods. And Melanie, welcome. And let me just lay a little foundation, and I'll let Melanie close the deal. Prepared Foods is a key growth pillar for our future. Our brands continue to perform well, even last year, even in fiscal '23 when we were challenged. We have advantaged brands in advantaged categories. So we like that. But I'll let Melanie talk to you about some of the upside to even Prepared Foods today.
Donnie King: So if I could add a couple of things to that as well. I think it's important that when you're evaluating beef that you evaluated across the entire cycle, which is approximately 10 years. And I will tell you and this thing moves kind of quickly. But a year ago, I was testifying before Congress with some of my peers because Beef was making so much money. And today, we're talking about what it looks like on the downside. So my message there, and I have to tell myself this as well, is that you have to look at it across the cycle, and we do that. But a couple of other things that, again, I would just reiterate, don't miss the fact that we have redundant capacity and are able to shutter that, that don't miss the fact that we got better at what we do and every aspect of the operational component. And so we did. But we continue to evaluate all options, but something that Brady would never say, but I'll say because he won't that we have best-in-class assets. We have best-in-class team members. We have -- we are aligned with the right suppliers, and we have great -- we have all the great customers that you would want to service. So we have a number of things that are lined up against -- or lined up the right way for us.
Donnie King: So let me start off, and I'll answer the Beef question first. The write-down in Beef doesn't have anything to do with that. That was discount rates, which drove the goodwill impairment. But in terms of Chicken, let me just state this because we've not said this in some time. Our goal in Chicken is to simply be the very best in this space. That hasn't changed. I can tell you that over the last three, four, five years, maybe we haven't done that to the best of our ability. We haven't competed very well. But we're getting more competitive, and we are still unlocking opportunities. And I'll let Wes share some of the things that he's doing in addition to what he's already said.
Donnie King: If I could add something to that in terms of CapEx. As a reminder, over the last couple of years, we've made major investments in capacity, and we're pulling that back down to normal levels. We are in a good spot today in terms of the capacity to produce and to be able to produce and grow in the near term here. We'll certainly keep our eye on that. But I think another way to think about that is you're just returning to more of a historical level of capital spend.
Donnie King: Thank you. While fiscal 2023 was a difficult year for our business, we finished strong and are more focused, collaborative and efficient than we were 12 months ago. While we're not yet where we want to be, our plan and the decisions we have made are moving us in the right direction as demonstrated by a second quarter in a row of sequential improvements. In an uncertain macro environment, our priority continues to be controlling the controllables with discipline and agility. Our strategy is working. We have the right leadership team in place to deliver, and the bold actions we've taken are poised to drive long-term opportunity and shareholder value. Thank you, and have a good day.
Brady Stewart: Thanks, Donnie. As Donnie indicated, we've seen improvement and John certainly in his opening remarks, talked about the improvement sequentially quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year in our Pork business. Again, that's driven by two things, one is we did see some moderate improvements relative to the spread and we did see a significant improvement relative to us controlling our controllables. Again, that is a focus on making sure our assets, operating as efficiently as possible. Really focused on our mix and ensuring that we have world-class yields coming out of our assets as well. So when we talk about ‘24, again, we're looking at better than $100 million of improvements year-over-year relative to ’23. We're excited about the team that we have. They continue to really use data and analytics and ID all of the opportunities in the business, they've developed the right strategies for the future. And most importantly, they've executed on continuous improvement in mix efficiency and yields.
Brady Stewart: Well, thanks for the follow-up there, Peter, this is Brady. And first, touching on the question relative to heifer retention. And I think a lot of industry analysts have continued to go back to where we saw diminished supplies almost a decade ago relative to the beef cycle. And certainly, the cattle on feed number relative to heifer as a percentage is extremely high. And we'll continue to monitor that. USDA indicated it was the largest on record for October. And so I think what we are looking at relative to the shape of the future certainly is maybe more of a U-shaped curve on the bottom end relative to supply as opposed to the V-shape we saw back almost a decade ago as well. So we will continue to monitor heifer retention and cows relative to production capabilities and supply and really prepare for the variety of outcomes to go. We've got a solution for really those variety of potential outcomes. Relative to our case-ready assets, I think there's a few key focus areas here. Number one is we did not lose any true capacity relative to our customers. All of our customers that we currently service today will be serviced in the future. We had redundant capacity. And so this just really allows us to continue to service our current customers, and we still have opportunity to grow into the future, but we're able to do that in a much more effective cost structure as well. So still a focus for Tyson is to get as close to our customers as we can relative to our value-added proposition.
Brady Stewart: Sure, Alexia. Thanks for the question. And as we indicated, there is certainly a large range of outcomes, and there's a number of different supply and demand dynamics that will come into play as we move throughout the year. When we lay out our forecast and our approach, we certainly look at a variety of different inputs, including seasonality, where we see different demand behaviors from the consumer, along with what we see from a supply perspective and have balanced what we believe to be appropriate amount of heifer retention given the environment into those forecasts. And so really that provides us that range of outcome that we look at for ‘24. We've done a really good job from a business perspective of continual improvement, which we believe relative to the industry available spreads that we see lent itself to the performance in Q4, and we expect to see those trends relative to our true controllables, move into '24, and that has provided us with the range of guidance that we provided.
