Noel White: As Stewart said, the positive impacts we anticipate from African swine fever are still hard to quantify, but here’s what we do know. It’s likely to improve export markets and change protein consumption dynamics for a number of years. We also saw a return on sales expectations for the segments in our press release. We’re well positioned to benefit from ASF, but our long term success is not dependent on ASF or any other one-time events. Tyson Foods is a strong company with a sound strategy and a unique diversified business model.  In summary, we’re optimistic about fiscal 2020. Our outlook is based on our diverse portfolio, the strength of our brands, our willingness to enter adjacent categories, partnerships with customers, and ongoing focus on financial fitness. We have opportunities not to only grow but to thrive while creating long-term shareholder value.
Noel White: Yes Peter, let me say we are very optimistic about 2020 and what we can deliver through the fiscal year. Each segment is a little bit different. I would say that as we enter 2020, beef is off to a very strong start and we view 2020 as another exceedingly strong year. Pork started a little slow, however has come on very strong in the month of November, as you can probably see in public reports. Chicken was off to a bit of a slow start but it’s improving as well. The reason that we didn’t give the guidance is that we have a very good outlook of what we think we would earn in 2020 without the impact of ASF. The difficulty was actually in predicting what the top could be. We have a good sense of the base, it’s the top that becomes the problem. That’s the reason we didn’t give the guidance. 
Noel White: The impact in Q4, Peter, wasn’t necessarily on the increase in price and raw materials, there were some other factors. Stewart mentioned the inventory levels, the write-offs that occurred. That situation is largely under control. There is going to be a little bit rolling into Q1, but it was basically the issues that we talked about at the end of our Q3 call on an SAP installation, some inventory levels, and we did take a pretty sizeable adjustment in fourth quarter. So much improved, but not quite where we want to be here as we enter Q1.
Noel White: Yes, sure Michael. We have made progress. As I mentioned, we’re not satisfied with the pace. Over the course of the last couple of months, I would say operationally we are improved in performance, still not at the standard that we would expect. However, there has been some other pressures within the poultry segment. You can see public reports that margins have been compressed just to market dynamics. So operationally we are performing better, still not where we need to be, but there have been some other pressures that have affected poultry as well as we enter Q1. Now from a pricing perspective, it’s still early in the pricing season. There’s been no surprises and, as I said in my remarks, there are pricing opportunities on specific products, so we are optimistic as we enter 2020, and we do think that the range that we provided in poultry is achievable throughout the year.
Noel White: Yes Michael, I’m sorry, I can’t talk about pricing scenarios just from an anti-trust standpoint, so I can’t go there.
Noel White: Michael, the pricing really doesn’t change that much year to year with us. It’s fairly consistent, and as I’ve mentioned before, we have a wide variety of pricing mechanisms which does in fact help stabilize earnings to a certain extent. There is not the sizeable shifts that take place with most of our customers. They’re on a variety of different pricing mechanisms, so those customers as we enter pricing season, you don’t necessarily change from a fixed price to a grain-based or vice versa. Most of the pricing scenarios are pretty consistent as we move from year to year. Obviously the markets will move, but no surprises yet this year. 
Noel White: Yes, Ken, to a large extent it was SAP related. We had some issues, if you remember I talked about last quarter, in Q3 with accurate inventory levels and ultimately that ended up with an increase in distressed product as we closed out the year, so it was related to SAP, inventory levels and the visibility that we had into the accuracy of our inventory. So largely corrected, not completely, but feeling much better about where we’re at today than where we were even 30 days ago.
Noel White: Ken, to be honest with you, I’ll need to look back as well because that intuitively doesn’t make sense to me either. If that was the case, it’s not completely accurate. Let me tell you what the scenario has been, though, throughout calendar 2019. I think that by and large, most people were expecting an increase in exports, whether it’s to China or other countries. Now with that, both the futures market and the cash price of hogs has moved higher, and it’s moved higher in anticipation of those exports. Now, as we finish calendar 2019, those exports have materialized. Though we saw the run-up in hog prices, we didn’t necessarily see the corresponding increase in pork prices which led to the compression in 2019.  Now, since the product is being produced for export today, we are seeing product prices move higher, as publicly reported, and it’s extremely unusual. It’s counter-seasonal for us as an industry to be processing 2.7 million-plus hogs per week and seeing product move higher, so we are seeing the impact, particularly over the course of the last several weeks. 
Noel White: Yes Heather, since it was published in the Federal Register, we do think that it is in fact on, and it would take a Congressional act to change it at this point. We saw it, we understood, we somewhat anticipated it, and the comment I would make, Heather, is that we are pro trade and whether other countries allow export access to their country or to ours, we’re pro trade so it was actually encouraging to see the agreement that was made and we would fully expect that there’d be some type of trade agreement reciprocity with access to China from U.S. poultry. So no surprise, and the fact that there has been seemingly some type of an agreement, not been made completely public yet, but we view it as encouraging. 
Noel White: Well it’s not going to happen overnight, Heather, but it will be a process and we are in the middle of that process. The plan that was laid out as we came into fiscal 2020, our team is executing on, so the operational improvements, and whether it’s labor efficiency, costs, yields, we are on track with where we expected to be. Now, I did talk about some of the pricing pressure on some specific items, and that’s in USDA data, it’s visible. On the other hand, there are select items that are in strong demand, and I’m not going to necessarily talk about specific items but that creates pricing opportunities for us. In some cases, there is surplus product in the market; in other cases, there is somewhat of a shortage, so you take the pricing opportunity where in fact there’s strong demand, and in the case where there’s excess supply, then there’s some pricing pressure, so the market does its job.
Noel White: No, no. Don’t view it that way at all, Jake. Now, through the course of 2019 with the new platform that we installed, there were challenges. That’s largely behind us, but it has nothing to do with the operational challenges. It was more so the visibility that we had of inventories, timely shipments, shipments in full, but as Stewart said in his script, that is largely behind us. We are back very close to the historical standards that we would expect, so two completely unrelated topics.
Noel White: Right, right. That’s difficult to answer, Adam, because we don’t view it as being at the low end of those ranges. In prepared, I would say the risk would be if there was a rapid rise in raw material prices and we didn’t timely reflect that in the pricing of our products. Now, you’ve heard me say before that we’ve already had conversations with many of our customers about the potential of prices rapidly increasing, and you also heard me say that there is a large portion of our business that is in fact somewhat of a--it’s a pass through. I’d say that’s probably the risk on the prepared side, but I can tell you our prepared foods segment is in really strong shape. We are capturing share gain, our volumes are strong, so we are very encouraged where our prepared foods business is at. In the other segments, I’d say the only risk would be in, as we stated, the ranges. It was absent ASF. The only risk I can see is if we had a similar occurrence in 2020 that people were anticipating exports, hog prices stayed high, and exports don’t develop. Other than that, I think beef is headed for a very similar year, if not better in 2020 than what they delivered in 2019. Obviously in the industries in which we compete, there’s always risk, we deal with that every single year, but there’s nothing stands out that is of particular concern right now.
Noel White: I think poultry is a great value right now, Adam. You look at the price spreads that exist between each one of the proteins, in the course of the last three or four weeks it has continued to widen, so I think poultry presents a great opportunity for stronger promotion, both at food service as well as retail levels through 2020. I don’t think we’ve seen the full impact of that. We’ve seen some of the chicken sandwich promotions that have been rolled out at the QSR level, that’s been helpful, I would say, but as we move through 2020, I think chicken will continue to be a great value. As I mentioned earlier, it’s extremely unusual to see the pork cut-out moving higher at this time of year. Beef, it’s not that unusual, but it has been extraordinarily strong.  Net disappearance, domestic disappearance, we’re encouraged by. We’re actually projecting per capital consumption to be down this year, and that’s despite the fact that total production is going to be up, so obviously exports are significant help to us.
Noel White: Okay Alexia, let me speak in terms of what’s happening from a global perspective rather than talking about each one of the proteins. From a global perspective, if we take just China, and the public reports would say that there’s somewhere around half the hogs have died in China - it might be a little more, might be a little less, nobody knows the actual number, and China produces half of the hogs in the entire world. So there’s somewhere around 25% reduction that’s taking place on a global basis, which translates to a total protein supply globally of someplace between 5% and 6% decrease in global protein supplies, and that’s everything else being equal. Now at the same time, we have trade patterns that are shifting as well, so with those shortages as an example, we see increase in exports from Australia, from New Zealand, countries like that, that’s moving into China. We’re seeing less imports into the United States .We’re seeing more beef and pork move from South America into China and Southeast Asia, so the global dynamics are changing, they’re evolving, and any time that the world loses that amount of protein supply and demand is growing, prices are impacted. That’s the difficulty in forecasting what that impact is going to be for us in 2020, because of those market dynamics that continue to shift. They’re all favorable, they’re all positive, and we can all run different economic models of what we think the impact is going to be, and that’s one of the reasons I think you see the range that is EPS on our stock. There’s basically a $2 range as we look into 2020, and I don’t think it’s responsible for Stewart and I to put forth a number where the visibility that we have, we’re very encouraged but we don’t want to put forth a number that we think could in fact be low. 
Noel White: Sure. Dean and I, we’ve worked together in the past. I have a tremendous amount of respect for Dean, his capabilities. He’s going to be a great addition to the Tyson team. As you saw, he’s been on our board for several years, so we’ve had the opportunity to work together.  Technology is a growth platform for us. As you saw in my statement, we have put in place several initiatives and we have a lot more to go. Dean is a great cultural fit with the company and with the leadership team. A As far as my role, Dean and I will be working very closely together over the course of time. It’s an opportunity for Dean just to have a much deeper understanding of our business and at the same time, I can tell you I’ll be learning from him as well. 
Noel White: Okay. Ken, the operational improvements, there is a minimum of 200 basis points that’s built into that from an operational improvement standpoint. You heard us talk about that at the end of our third quarter, so there’s a minimum of 200 basis points that’s built into this.
Noel White: The answer to both questions is yes. As I spoke about earlier, there is some pricing improvement that’s built in on specific items, and that is in fact independent of ASF, so regardless if we had AS or we didn’t, we would expect to see some pricing improvement. There is some that’s built in. Now the significant impact of ASF is not built into it. It’s true in both cases that there is some pricing improvement that’s there, there’s operational improvements, but we’re not taking into consideration if there was significant quantities of poultry that moved to China.  What specifically that would move to China, I can’t really answer since we’ve not had access for quite some time. However, it’s like going to be some form of dark meat, including wings, so wings are, as you know, in strong demand in China as well as the dark meat from poultry, so those are probably the two most--the two specific items, as well as the paws that are also in very strong demand.
Noel White: Yes, the prepared foods is probably the most difficult to forecast what we think the impact might be. Our other segments, obviously there is a positive impact, potentially significantly positive. In the case of prepared, it’s on the risk side, so it is a matter of how quickly those increases in costs are captured. We’re very confident that we’ll continue to grow our business as we have over the course of the last several years, so the team that’s in place running our prepared foods business is very focused on delivering growth and volume, and I can tell you if it comes down to a choice of selling a lot more at 10% or not much more at 12%, I’ll take the money on the bottom line that’s growing our business at 10%. 
Noel White: Yes, so it is incremental, Michael. We don’t see cannibalization of any of our other products, so it is in fact incremental. When we say healthier, that’s the reason that we’re been a little bit slower to launch, is that we view the alternative protein--when we go to market, those products not only need to taste great, but they have to be healthier than whatever the alternative is. That’s where we think we can compete and win in the marketplace.
Noel White: Yes. Ben, I would say that it’s going to be just a gradual, steady improvement. It’s difficult to exactly quantify that for you by quarter, but there will be a gradual improvement throughout the year.
Noel White: It will be within the next 60 days, Ben, but we think that’s probably on the long end. We think it could be potentially quicker than that. There is still some contractors that are finishing up, but the team’s done a remarkable job to get back where it needs to be. 
Noel White: Yes, there has been, Heather, some management changes. We changed the leadership of poultry at the end of January of this past year. There’s been a number of changes that have taken place over the course of 2019, so Chad Martin leads our poultry business and then within the business segments, there’s been changes that have taken place, as well as at the plant level. There are a number of changes been made, and we have complete confidence in the team that’s in place today.
Noel White: No, it’s been throughout the organization, Heather, so not just at the plant level but there has been a number of changes directly underneath Chad, and keep in mind Chad has a fairly sizeable team, so he chose his team, he put them in place, and we think we have the right team.
Noel White: Okay, thank you for joining us today, and from all of us at Tyson, we wish you a happy holiday season. Thank you. 
Stewart Glendinning: Heather, one additional item just for you to note, that in the quarter if you adjusted for the hedging that we saw at the end of the quarter, there was a $55 million loss there in chicken. If you adjust for that, you pick up about 1.5 extra percentage points on the operating margin, and I think that will help you reconcile when you add Noel’s comments about how we get to the year end.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, let’s keep it simple, Ken. We’ve sort of looked at the year, we’ve looked at when the plant has come online, our costs, etc., and we’ve estimated that and given you that number. Know that on the insurance side, we’ve adjusted that out, and when we get those proceeds, we’ll adjust those out as well. We’re holding that to the side.
Stewart Glendinning: We will be able to take that to the bank, but remember of course that we took a $31 million hit in this past quarter, so.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, that’s the right way to look at it. If you look in our press release, you’ll see a reconciliation that shows you the amount [indiscernible] and that’s exactly the way you should think about it going forward. 
Stewart Glendinning: And Ben, as you know, we don’t break those numbers out quarter by quarter. Each quarter we’ll update our forecast as we go, so you’ll see that, but as Noel mentioned earlier, he’s got the right people in the right place and we’re starting to see some of those metrics improving. 
