James V. Lochner: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning. Starting with the Pork segment, in the first quarter, we reported $121 million in operating income and an 8.5% return on sales. Volume decreased 2.1% compared to Q1 '13. The available supplies of hogs were lower year-over-year, and we adjusted our weekly volumes accordingly. Sales prices are up 6.7% due to mix changes and price increases associated with the lower total pork supplies. This helped to offset the lower U.S. total exports. We're now 1/3 of the way into our second fiscal quarter, and we're about where we thought we'd be, meaning we're performing well and on track managing revenue drivers such as mix, yields and pricing. This fiscal year, we expect the PED virus to impact domestic hog supplies by 2% to 4%. In our plant locations, we'll see the effects in the summer months. Heavier weights will offset some of the headcount reductions, but we do expect to see wholesale price increases. We do not anticipate any issues running our plants. In the Chicken segment, we generated a record $225 million in operating income with 7.5% return on sales for the first quarter. Excluding international losses, Chicken margins were 9.5%. Volume was up 3.6% compared to the first quarter of fiscal '13 due to increased international production, outside buy and rendered product sales. In aggregate, pricing was down 1.4% year-over-year, predominantly from export sales, rendered products and international operations. Q2 is off to a good start, but this is typically our most challenging quarter. Looking further out, Chicken supplies for the last 3 quarters of our fiscal year are projected to increase around 2% over last year, reflecting the production cuts in 2013. We will continue our buy versus grow strategy in Chicken to make opportunistic open market purchases and value-up those sales. Currently, we project lower feed cost for the fiscal year to be around $600 million. As we discussed in previous calls, less than 10% of our contracts are annual fixed price and our focus is on helping our customers drive their businesses and generate category growth. So our pricing conversations lean more toward what our portfolio of products are worth to the customer and to the consumer. Turning to the Beef segment. In Q1, we generated $58 million in operating income and a 1.6% return on sales. Volume was up 4.1% over Q1 '13. Price was up 2.9%, reflecting higher beef wholesale cut pricing from reduced supplies and stronger overall exports. So far in Q2, we've seen historically high wholesale beef prices and the cutout has set records each week. Low production volumes relative to demand, particularly in ground beef, trim and the chuck and round cuts have driven the rapid rise in the overall cutout and Beef revenue. As a result, consumers will see higher retail beef prices. And as Donnie mentioned, we'll likely see fewer beef features at retail and foodservice this summer. We expect to have adequate supplies for our Beef operations as our plants are located close to the fed cattle supplies. In the Prepared Foods segment, operating income for the first quarter was $16 million with a 1.8% return on sales. Sales volume increased 3.5% versus the same quarter last year due to an improved demand and the additional volume associated with the Don Julio and Circle Foods acquisitions. Sales prices were up 4.2% as a result of mix improvements and price increases associated with higher input costs. Pricing gains, however, were not sufficient to fully offset increased inputs and additional cost associated with the investment in our lunchmeat business and the other Prepared Foods growth platforms in the quarter. In our Q4 earnings call, we talked about a couple of those growth opportunities, including Tyson DAY STARTS in the Frozen Breakfast category and Wright Brand Breakfast Sausage. And although they started shipping only a few weeks ago, we're already pleased with the customer acceptance and the volumes for both product lines. We'll continue to put MAP spending behind them and other Prepared Foods as we look for growth in the long term from this segment. In closing, I'd like to say thank you to our team members for their commitment to continuous improvement. Tyson Foods has made tremendous strides in recent years, and I still see a lot of runway ahead. As we announced in November, I've begun transitioning into retirement. And as a result, this will be my last earnings call. It's been a great experience getting to interact with investors and analysts over the years. And I've appreciated your willingness to learn about our business. That's the end of our prepared remarks. Shirley, we're ready to begin the Q&A.
James V. Lochner: Yes. When I referenced that Chicken supply, as I said, the last 3 quarters annualized would be the same. And I just took the first quarter, which was behind us. So I said going forward, all the analysts I looked at and the data we looked at, implies around 2% for the last 3 quarters. And now referencing the PED, that's a very fluid situation. It seems like either at least weekly, but sometimes even daily, new evidence comes out. And we do expect that it might be influencing up to 30% of the sow herd, with 10% or so impact on the available pigs impacted. So there is where the 3% comes from. Now if that increases to 40% or decreases, because a lot of that data is still flowing in, that will have some influence. So that offset -- that would offset any of the productivity gains of the balance, let's say it is 30%, the 70% would have some productivity gains, and we probably are likely to see some increase in carcass weight to offset at least some of the pounds lost from the head loss. But I do want to emphasize, information does come out fairly regularly and it's being assimilated. And we're just staying very on top of it, region to region, producer to producer.
James V. Lochner: I don't know what most people think. So I'm hearing it's spreading in states, and what we're really tracking is: how many sows are impacted, when. Because it impacts the baby pig mortality. So then 5 to 6 months out, there would be fewer pigs available. So that's how we're tracking it. But some people believe it's -- well, it has spread into more states. So it's the extent in the number of sows impacted that we're really monitoring.
James V. Lochner: Well, we just found that out this morning, and we're familiar with their daily head capacity. That plant's in California and there's generally a feedlot supply around. So it will take daily capacity out. Our best guess is around 2,000 head per day. So that obviously means those cattle will have to be marketed somewhere else, so they'll flow, I guess, east and potentially north, to different packers. And it is consistent, I guess, with what we've been saying all along, as the calf crop declines and the noncompetitive feedlot areas or noncompetitive plants or the combination thereof, we'll probably have to curtail production. So we were a bit surprised to see it this morning. But I guess, to some extent, we've always felt that -- and anticipated something like that would happen.
James V. Lochner: Let me start with beef, I think we'll continue to see an increase, probably not at the same rate that we saw last year because Japan's entrance, and expanded to 30 months and down, certainly was a boost. But again, we continue -- we think we'll see U.S. beef exports continue to grow, probably in that 2% to 3%, and that's aligned with most people's expectations. Pork this year is down, '13 versus '12 it was down about, let's see, I think around 7% or 8%. But I don't think we'll see that same decline this year. In fact, I'm one who thinks it will probably increase. Although I can tell you there's a big divergence of opinions on most analysts to what they think pork exports are going to do this year. And then chicken exports, I consider -- I expect it will continue to grow at the 2% to 3% year-over-year. So -- and overall, again, domestic availability of protein's probably going to come down, which should be supportive of the wholesale pricing as a whole. Obviously, we'll see less beef, right now, the way PED is going to impact pork, we should see less pork than anticipated. Prior to that, most people were thinking it would be up. But I think that will be down. And then if chicken exports continued to improve and we don't think -- and we think we're beyond the year-over-year major increase, so again, I think we're going to see very supportive prices for all the wholesale meat cuts and poultry cuts this year.
James V. Lochner: Actually, we'd say that there won't be any market that's probably going to go down. We don't see any softness in Mexico, we see Russia having to come back in, Angola, Canada, et cetera. We don't really see any market that's acutely going to go down. In fact, some of them, we don't see where that supply is going to come from. So that's where the modest increase. And I think potentially, it could be stronger than what I just said. But really, we don't see any country at this point as a threat.
James V. Lochner: Beef is -- the Jan, Feb, March period is always very difficult. And this year's really extreme with record cutouts and they topped out at a choice cutout of 240. But in 2 weeks, they gave $10 of it back up. So it tends to be extremely volatile. And I feel really good about how we're navigating through this January period, particularly in Beef and Pork. So -- but the general statement is historically, this is usually our most challenging quarter and typically less than Q1 and Q3. But I personally have a lot of optimism 4 weeks into it.
James V. Lochner: Lower trim imports are generally favorable to wholesale -- to domestic prices. But as always, the market likes to do its job. And we've seen very low cow kills, so therefore, low 90 beef manufacturing supplies in October, or in this -- particularly, October, November and December, more acute in December, which is extremely supportive to the trim and ground beef and chuck and round pricing coming into January. So the question will be how fast can they get it in the pipeline and will it neutralize some of this rapid price increase we've seen. But generally speaking, if you have lower imports, it's favorable to wholesale prices. And I think as we've seen these record-high ground beef prices, et cetera, that's part of that whole complex. So that's part of the big contributor to the beef cutout right there. So -- and it's a nice number, you can watch when it's coming in and look at it and its contribution to total domestic availability.
James V. Lochner: I always remind everybody that it's the relationship of revenue to cattle cost that's where we make our money. So I always go back and say, we do make our money in the slope of change. And prior to that run-up to the cutout, cattle ran up, and the cutout, clearly, there was insufficient supply relative to demand, the pipeline, or the cupboard was bare. And to replenish the pipeline, prices really inflated very rapidly. So we've had more volatility, and we've navigated through that slope of change very well. And that's -- and we're coming through January much better than we did 1 year ago. So that's -- but what we really watch is, again, trying to make sure that we manage our mix, our price relative to fair market value and keep our cost in line, work on saving everything we can. And the only thing I know we have no influence over is what the live cattle are going to do. So I mean, if they're tight, they're going to go up and beef will follow it up or precede it up depending upon what the circumstances are doing, and that's the nature of the market. So again, a very volatile January, unprecedented both in incline and probably will be in decline. So it's an interesting time. But you can probably tell, we feel pretty good about how we came through it.
Donnie Smith: Sure, Brett. So let me start with kind of reiterating what Dennis said in his comments. We're off to a very solid start in this year, great Q1. Our Q2 is typically softer, and it's certainly harder to predict. But it looks like to us that the back half of the year ought to be really strong. And so we're going to have a really good year and take a lot of momentum, by the way, into FY '15. So from where we sit today, we're confident in our ability to deliver at least that $2.78 or so. So let me talk about each segment just a little bit. Obviously, the Chicken segment is off to a strong start. We're headed into a lower cost environment with a little higher supply, 2% to 3%. But we're also going to see, I think, a halo effect from high-priced beef and pork. So it feels like to me that the Chicken segment is just going to have a really super year. Most of the issues in international for the year are behind us, and we'll be getting continually better there and taking more positive momentum into FY '15 there. Beef and Pork looked to be very similar to last year. So be thinking of that equal, too. And if either one, maybe a little better. In Prepared Foods, obviously, we're investing in our growth platforms, and it looks like that we're going to be about like where we were 1 year ago and could possibly do better there as well. So feel good there. When you look at the overall balance sheet, debt's low, we're at a point -- our net debt is 0.6x EBITDA. So we've got a lot of dry powder, we're going to throw off a lot of cash this year. Plenty to do the CapEx we need to do, we'll be well above depreciation and amortization again this year. So we've got opportunity for more value-added acquisitions that fit. And we'll continue to return cash to shareholders. So if you take the new acquisitions that we've made in Prepared Foods, they'll start contributing in -- well, they're contributing now, and good opportunities for growth in those businesses, and they'll be contributing in FY '15 and beyond. Like I said, we're taking our foot off the gas a little bit in China, but we're still on the road. And when the market dynamics give us an opportunity, we'll certainly continue to press forward there and we'll gain more momentum in our international business in '15. So feels real solid, we've got a great future. Obviously, with that laundry list of stuff you mentioned, we always have challenges to our business, but we really don't see anything that we're not going to be able to overcome now.
Donnie Smith: Yes, great question. We stay fairly close in natural gas. We might have natural gas purchased a couple of months out in front of us, that kind of thing. So as we do in grain, we take a fairly conservative but sensible approach to how we manage our commodity purchases. On the propane issue for the growers, I'll tell you, we have a great team of people that came together, and we've actually been buying propane down in Houston and transporting it into the areas where our growers had need. So I'm not aware of any grower that's growing for Tyson Foods that doesn't have the propane they need to be able to take care of those chickens. And I'd tell you, it's just been a heroic effort by a large group of people. I'm really proud of them for jumping in there and, frankly, coming to the rescue for some of our growers. And yes, we will be making some adjustments in our grower pay to make sure that we take care of our growers during all of this. So we've got a great live production team. And by the way, we have great growers. And so they've worked together to make sure that we've mitigated the risk of this to our business.
Donnie Smith: So no particular specifics on the 3 acquisitions. But our Prepared Foods business is really a broad mix of different types of businesses that are frankly at different stages of maturity. We've got some businesses that are mature and have -- generate great results, and then we've got some that we're building, and we talked about lunchmeat before and continuing to fix that business. And we're investing a lot in those businesses, as Jim referenced, a couple of new product rollouts. And Farha, if we just -- I don't want to get too specific here, but if we took off the MAP spending that -- which we won't, but if we just kind of adjusted back the MAP spending, our Prepared Foods segment would be above 4%. So we're spending a lot, we're investing a lot in this business. I view Prepared Foods a lot like where we were in Chicken 4, 5 years ago, where we just had to -- getting the basics and build a strong foundation under that business. And you can see kind of the results 2, 3, 4 years later about doing all of that work. We're working on our footprint. So anyway, if you just look forward into our vision in Prepared Foods, continue to think about a broad portfolio of items that meet changing consumer requirements. We've got very broad capabilities. We've got access to raw materials. Obviously, we've got a great, sound capital structure and the ability to invest in those businesses, and we'll continue to do that. And you should expect to see strong growth in Prepared Foods.
Donnie Smith: Right. I mean, and again, think of this year at least equal to last year, maybe a tad better. But as we go forward, that segment should continue to improve as we see the benefit from the investments that we're making today.
Donnie Smith: So very pleased with how, let's call it contracting season, went. Our customers recognize that we grow their categories and we grow their businesses and we spur their demand. So we're being recognized for the quality and the service and the insights-driven innovation. And as Jim mentioned in his comments, that keeps our conversations with customers much more focused on what our products and our offering and our service to their business is worth than rather just what it costs. Again, let me remind you, our fixed annual price exposure is less than 10%. Now getting to the how much of the grain, question, we'll hang on to. I don't want to answer that specifically, but let me answer it this way. Remember that we've talked about our pricing profile, as today, is much more reflective of the inputs, and we've made that change over the last 2, 3 years. Over half of our pricing contracts today either adjust for grain cost or market value. So that helps us protect our dollar margins and gives us a lot more stability in up or down grain markets. Remember, chicken is still the best valued protein relative to all the other competing proteins. I guess, third thing is, again, our quality, our service, our innovative capabilities make us a go-to supplier for our customers, and we're getting paid for the value that we add to their business. Again, we mentioned this, too, our buy versus grow strategy, we continue to keep our supply short of demand and we'll capitalize on buying less expensive raw materials as we continue to supply more breast meat per capita. So we'll continue to buy those cheaper raw materials. And then the last thing I'd say is we're going to continue to grow our value-added mix and, of course, that provides us some protection from the underlying commodity markets. So if you tie all those things together, that gives us a great opportunity to hold on, if you want to call it that, to the grain benefit.
Donnie Smith: I think you're a tad strong on your revenue growth for the balance of the year. We don't see it -- I guess the right way to put it, we don't see it deteriorating markedly. But I think continued growth in price per pound through the rest of the year is probably a little bit unrealistic. But still, hey, don't let that mean that we don't think this is going to be a really great year in Chicken. And I think you're right on our international business, it will -- the worst seems to be behind us and it's getting better. And it will continue to improve some through the year.
Donnie Smith: Got it. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, sequentially, it will be better. Yes. I thought you meant from Q1 getting better into Q2, getting better into Q3, getting better into Q4. So yes, but sequentially, yes, you're correct.
Donnie Smith: Yes, so last summer, or I guess late spring, we launched our no-antibiotic-ever line, NatureRaised Farms. As a total -- as a percent of the total meat sold, let's lump things into natural, I'm going to call it that. It's a pretty small percentage versus our traditional lines, but it's growing at a pretty healthy pace. And so it's something that we can't ignore. The category's big enough that a national player can make some difference in. So yes, we will continue to focus on the category. In terms of our investments, we've got a lot of things that we can invest in, in our business to continue to grow. That would be one of them. Feel good about our opportunity in that category. And so expect it -- expect to hear more of this in the future. But I don't look for any disproportional investment over the next year or 2, I would say, in our no-antibiotic-ever line.
Donnie Smith: Well, very. We manage the supply and the commodity risks through a variety of approaches. One is growing our value-added sales. Our value-added sales in Q1 grew by 6%. I think the total sales for the company was close to -- right at 5%, right? So we're going to make sure that we focus on growing our value-added sales in that 6% to 8% range. And then when you combine some of the other pricing things that we talked about a little bit earlier, plus our buy versus grow strategy, we have the opportunity to continue to grow our sales at a very good pace, whether we increase our production or not. So I feel great about our continued opportunities in 2015 to expand really our Prepared Foods business, our Chicken business, getting better in exports. So yes, feel very good about that.
Donnie Smith: No, it's predominantly MAP spending in our growth categories. So we're intent on growing that business and we needed to increase our MAP spending to be able to get to the category growth levels that we have to have to meet our objective. So that's what it is.
Donnie Smith: No, you're exactly right. We intend to continue to get our land-use permits and to have all of that in place so that when we get the demand signal that we're looking for, that we can begin construction on our houses. We will be -- at the end of this year, we will have both of our processing plants in China, 1 shift full of company-controlled birds. Now we were planning on being -- in the last half of this fiscal year, continuing the house build to be able to grow past that early in the first half of the year on company-controlled birds. But we're going to back off buying market birds and be at a single shift full at both plants with company-controlled birds at the end of this year. And our planning and everything we're doing is focused on that, with continuing to acquire the land to grow in the future. And if we get a demand signal that something is changing, we'll be able to put our foot back on the accelerator and go again because we fully intend to fill those plants out with company-controlled birds.
Donnie Smith: Yes. I think for me, Beef probably outperformed a little more than what I was expecting it to. Prepared Foods was right where we thought it would be. Chicken is right where we thought it would be. Pork was pretty close. So it was probably Beef is what surprised us a little bit -- well, maybe not surprised us, but we're pleased with the performance. I'd tell you, Ken, coming in, I would have never predicted a 240 cutout in beef, right? So this is just an unpredictable quarter that we're in today. But yes, we feel very good about the rest of our year and carrying a lot of good momentum into '15.
Donnie Smith: Hey, it could be. The door is open for us to do better. I'll tell you what, if we -- we will not miss an opportunity, if one presents itself, to increase our earnings, I promise. So -- but, hey, it's January and there's a few things that make it a little hard for us to predict. But I feel very comfortable about where we have been with the opportunity to get better, and we're certainly looking for every chance we get to do that.
Donnie Smith: Well, thanks for your time, everyone, and certainly, your interest in our company. I'm sorry to wrap this up so quickly, but we really do need to head off to our Shareholders' Meeting. So I want to ask you all to have a great weekend. Thanks.
