Donnie King: Thanks, John. I would like to take a moment to make one final point. Like John, the Company takes this matter seriously. Tyson Foods has a strong, robust corporate governance process. Our independent Board of Directors are overseeing a thorough review of this matter, and I'm confident in this independent process. With this said, and before I turn the call back over to Brandon for your questions, I'd like to remind you that 2022 was a record year for sales for operating income as well as EPS, and we look forward to a strong 2023.
Donnie King: Thanks, Adam. This is Donnie. Thanks for the question. The Chicken turnaround continues. We've made a lot of progress. David and his team have got our chicken business in a better place than it's been in some time. But we haven't arrived yet. There's still things to do. And we get better sequentially each quarter and would expect that to continue. I would point out that we're guiding to a 6% to 8% for '23, and we feel very good about that. And we feel good about investing in our Tyson brand and continuing to use that. But let me just flip it over to David. And this is a guy who's been doing all the work, and he and his team -- and let him add some additional color for you.
Donnie King: Sure. Thanks for the question. So, the productivity program, as we laid it out, it was a 3-year program, and we're well ahead of that in 2022. And we talked about this in terms of really 3 buckets. Automation is obviously one of those, digital is another, and then operational and functional excellence. And all of those are working together really, really well. We think we'll meet our commitment by the end of this fiscal year '23. But it seems like every rock we turn over, we find something new and we capture that, and we'll continue to do that. The automation piece specifically is progressing faster than what we had planned. And of course, we're happy about that. But -- and remember, the automation piece was to eliminate some laborious difficult, high turnover type of positions. And in the program, as I think it was in the script that I mentioned in chicken, the debone automation project. But we also, in this programmatic approach to automation, where we have focused in our pack-out area. And we've also launched our digital enablement group as we take technology throughout Tyson. And we're progressing on all of those, and we'll update you each and every quarter on how we're doing in that area.
Donnie King: I have nothing to report on that now. We obviously are eliminating positions and are eliminating difficult jobs, and we are reassigning people to open position throughout the company.
Donnie King: Thank you. In short, we have a plan. Let's start with the office consolidation that you referenced. This is something that we've talked about. We've looked at for a number of years now. And we made the decision to do that in an effort to be a better version of ourselves. We're still working through trying to finalize which team members are moving and which ones are not. We certainly realize it's a difficult decision for those team members, and we're committed to providing the resources and the way we've characterized that here at Tyson is we're trying to help those team members, and it's about 1,100 of them, to be able to find the yes in terms of being able to move here and with their families. And I would just characterize it as integration a few years later. And there's opportunity obviously that we see in terms of being better, being more agile and delivering better results, being more productive, all those type attributes. And in order to get that, we had to do our project concept. Now, in terms of the people, I would remind you, at Tyson, we have a -- our succession planning process is very robust. And we're working that program. It's a living document, and we did, to your point, make some decisions. I would start with I am very pleased with the decisions that we've made around John Randal, around Stewart and Amy Tu. These are very talented individuals and all of them have experience in other areas that -- and then they brought that to Tyson. So, we're comfortable with the team that we've got. The team feels good with the leaders that they have. And I already see great progress in the work that they're doing. And -- but we're -- I'm perfectly comfortable with the people we put in place.
Donnie King: Sure. So I think the thing that you need to know about that is we've been working and meeting almost on a daily basis. We put together a team to execute the plan that we have in place. We've invited every team member to join us here in Northwest Arkansas. And that's open. We've asked them to commit to us what their intentions are. And in fact, today, I don't know the numbers yet, but today was the day at which we needed to know that. And we really approached this in a couple of different ways. One is we want you to be here. We want you to remain a part of Tyson Foods. And quite frankly, I've been out recruiting people to, as other leaders have, to come to Northwest Arkansas. And we've had a lot of success. There will be some people who, at this point in their life, can't move. And so, we will try to create an opportunity where they can stay with the company long enough so that their replacement could be hired and trained so that we have no business interruption or interruption of business continuity.
Donnie King: Let me start off, Ken, and say this. I mean, we feel very confident in the -- what we've laid out in terms of outlook. Could we move to the higher side? Perhaps. But we're guiding to have a really, really good year. We factored in things like inflation. We factored in growing share in both dollar and volume. We've included all those things in terms of the drought and the conditions that we're seeing in the Beef segment, the strength of the dollar from an export position. So, in short, I would tell you that we've considered all those things in coming up with this plan. And we rolled it up as a team, and we all signed off on it. But I'll pass it to John and see if he wants to...
Donnie King: If I might, Ken, just a couple of things. Stewart touched in fairly great detail his prior experience, and he does have great experience coming into Tyson. But John Randal, he's had experience outside of Tyson. He's had escalating levels of responsibility and banking and venture capitalism prior to joining Tyson. But you may not know that within Tyson for the last four years, he's led the M&A strategy, ventures and other areas of the Company. So -- but don't forget about the fact that he's been involved in this business essentially his whole life. So, a lot of experience there. Let me mention Amy Tu, which you didn't ask about very specifically. But Amy came to us with a great deal of global leadership outside of Tyson with Boeing and Walmart. She has strong experience in M&A, strategy and commercial as well as the legal background. And she's a very talented person. And I'm very happy with what I'm seeing out of all three of these today, and I think they will make us a better Tyson as we move forward.
Donnie King: We have a powerful and diverse portfolio across proteins, channels and geographies. We are improving operational efficiencies and have a team that is positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. For these reasons, we are confident we will grow revenue and maintain strong profitability in fiscal year 2023 and have future long-term growth ahead of us. At Tyson, we're focused on making food affordable, accessible and nutritious for customers and consumers around the world. Thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking again soon.
John R. Tyson: Hey Adam, this is John, and thanks for the question. I think, look, first, I'd reiterate what we see as the long-term guidance for the Beef business. And we -- that's a full outlook for the year, long term. We're not, at this point, going to give quarterly guidance. And what I think I'd say is we're at Tyson, not necessarily immune to the cattle cycle, but there are a couple of things I'd point out that maybe make this cycle a little bit different. Number one, we see the quality, generally speaking, around the industry is stronger and better that has kind of supported demand for beef cattle. I think secondly, the global demand is pretty strong. That's a little bit tempered by FX that we're seeing in our business. But generally speaking, I think that makes this cycle that we're heading into a slightly different. I'll let Shane maybe comment on some of the investments we're making around the business and give a little more detail as it relates to the outlook on Beef.
John R. Tyson: Sure thing. Well, I think, look, what we've talked to you about already this morning is our plans for a heavier investment in our business compared to historical years. And I think in a small part, that's driven a little bit about the inflationary environment that we're in. But really, I think the point we want you to take away is that we see a lot of opportunity in our business in terms of productivity improvements, things like automation and a little bit of capacity expansion. So, as it relates to priorities, I would tell you that in our value-added segments, we're trying to grow capacity and some of our chicken, prepared foods and fresh meats businesses, we see opportunities for network optimization. So, I don't think it's any departure from what you would expect us to be investing in, a decent balance of growth and productivity investments. I would emphasize, back to the question that someone asked earlier, automation is a huge part of our agenda. And what we like about those investments is we see sustained productivity as we reapportion team members to different parts of our operations. And so, we feel really confident in some of the more programmatic investments we're making around our automation agenda.
John R. Tyson: Yes, Donnie, I think that was a fair summary. I mean, there's a balance in that projection between the volume growth and what we see from a sales growth from a pricing standpoint. And I think that we feel confident in the mix between those two things to achieve the range that we gave. You also asked a question about what's the capacity coming on line with the new build. And I think without going into details of each of those operations, a little bit of that is dependent on the timing of when things come online in '23. But I think overall, what we want you to take away is that we feel confident in the range at this standpoint as a roll-up of multiple factors that go into the numbers.
John R. Tyson: Sure. I think, look, we've kind of tried to give some overall indications on volume as it relates to the various segments. And there's a lot of factors that go into the sales and AOI numbers we're looking at, part of which is volume. I think in our poultry business, we do feel comfortable about the sequential growth directionally speaking, that we're talking about as we head into FY23. And I think on the Beef business, even amidst the total environment and USDA calling out the harvest, I think what I'd point to is some of the investments we make in terms of our business model around our relationships with suppliers, investments in kind of the value-added parts of our business and continuing to grow in specific channels. I think we see it as critical to preserving the outlook for '23. Shane, maybe you have a little bit to add on the Beef segment.
John R. Tyson: Hey Ken, this is John. Maybe let me answer that question first. And I think the first thing I'd point out, just as it relates to kind of the overall leadership team here, as you know, I've been on the executive team for going on a few years now and involved in the senior leadership level for more than that. So, I don't think from a capital allocation standpoint or a strategy standpoint, you should expect too many significant changes or departures from how things have been handled in the past. I guess that's the first point I'd make. Stewart and I are sitting here next to the -- stylistically, you might see a few differences between the two of us. But I think overall, I think the direction of the Company stays the same. I think check back with me in a quarter or two to see if there's any new ideas. But I think overall, I'll just provide the perspective that I think that these leadership moves are kind of both for continuity rather than radical change of any kind.
Shane Miller: Thanks for the question, Adam. John touched on a couple of things that I think to think about that's a bit different this cycle versus previous cycles is one. John touched on the cattle quality, that's extremely different this go around than the last time we went through this cycle. The second component is globally beef has remained and still has been a strong demand product that's going into different channels throughout Asia. And also, we're seeing interest from different parts of the globe that historically have not been big buyers of U.S. beef. And then finally, if you think about the -- even though we do have a strong quality that's coming out of the meat products, but you have items such as our specialty products, fat and oils are off all items, items like that that typically haven't been large contributors that this go around are significant contributors. So, if you think of it in direction in relationship to the last cycle, I think we have an opportunity here to scale in here and do much better than the last go around. So I think all those things coupled together give us confidence and hope that we're going to continue to be able to drive this type of return.
Shane Miller: Yes. Peter, I think one of the things to keep in mind, too, when you look at beef is you're lapping a period a year ago with still a COVID-induced reduction in volumes. And we've seen our operations get back to -- we're getting 5 days of animals harvested, processed in 5 days and 6 days really turned into a flex day. So on top of that from the supply component, you're right. I mean, we are in the middle of the drought still, and we're seeing drought-induced movement into the feed yards continues to show lower weights at placement, which in a sense means that cattle are being pulled forward and so forth. So as you look forward here into the next several months, I mean we're still going to have plenty of animals to work through.
Shane Miller: Yes. Thanks for the question. Donnie, I think you hit on all the key points. The only thing I would mention is no matter what the market conditions are or the cattle supply, we feel good about all these investments to differentiate our beef business model. And on top of that, if you think about the investments that we've made and we are making into our supply chain on beef and cattle sustainability, these are key important topics that our customers and ultimately, the consumer are asking about. And we feel really good about what we're doing there, telling the story back up into the feed yard, but even further back into the ranch and to maintain and preserve resources and have focused on sustainability for the future.
David Bray: Perfect, Donnie. Thank you very much. And you said it very well. We have made progress in 2022, but we've got a considerable amount of work to do as we get into 2023. But it's also important to understand that our goals have not changed within this segment, and we are aligned on not only making sure that we service our customers, but we run our facilities and capacity. And that's incredibly important to us as we move into 2023. As a team, we're focused on making sure that our customers are serviced, that we fill our plants and that we're taking care of our team members. And in total, we've got a very strong plan for 2023. And John mentioned the guidance between 6% to 8%, and we feel very good about the plan we have in place to deliver those numbers.
David Bray: We are well on track. We are very pleased with the work that our live team has done in getting this put back in a position where we're no longer having daily conversations about what our hatch rates are. So, we are on track and feel good.
David Bray: Donnie, I think that was perfect, especially when you talk about our exposure and the amount of big bird breast meat that we actually have a part of. But the other piece to that is we have great customers Tyson Foods. And what we've done within our variable pricing is provided us the opportunity to have more consistent conversations with them about the things that make their prices go up and the things that make their prices go down. And we'll continue to have those conversations despite soft times and seasonality. So, a lot of progress has been made against that. And again, we've done a lot of work to shift into more of a value-added mix.
