Donald J. Smith: Yeah, Ken, we are. So, here's the way I'm looking at it. So, even if we're a tick or two off this year, when you look at our 2016, nothing has really fundamentally changed and, hey, while it's early, I really expect that anything that we've given up this year would come back to us again next year as we deal with this acute issue in Beef. So that's where we're thinking about it.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. Certainly, we're looking at it. I mean, if you look at the most recent cattle on feed data, we're going to have more cattle next year, the calf crop's up. Looks like it's going to be up about 1.2% this year, which portends a fed slaughter of about 1.2% to 1.5% next year. So more cattle are going to show up. The way we're looking at it is, once we get past and get through the – now what we're lingering – what's lingering are the supply issue now that we've dealt with the export issues. While it's still a little bit too early to tell, it feels like that if we go back and look at FY 2012 through FY 2014, our margins in Beef were about 1.5%, 2%, something like that, and it feels like, to me, that 2016 is setting up to be about like that range. And so, again, too early to say for sure, but it feels like to us today that these issues are temporary and that next year will be about like what we saw in 2012 through 2014, something like that.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. So let me give you more detail on exactly what happened. So late in May, several of our export customers began telling us that they could not take delivery on their orders. So if you'll remember about that time the cutout was at about $2.60-ish or so, and it felt really toppy to us. And so feeling weakness in the cutout, we made the decision frankly to just resell that product and not take a chance. So we sold it into other markets. And when we look at the price differential between what we had expected to receive and what we ultimately resold it for, it costs us about $84 million. Now I hasten on to say, I'm really glad we did it because looking back, pricing continued to deteriorate all through the month of June and has continued to deteriorate. You saw a little bump at 4th of July, but we didn't have very good sell-through at all at the 4th of July holiday, so the cutout has continued to erode. So I'm glad we don't have an inventory problem to deal with. Our inventory is in great shape. And as soon as these markets can respond, we'll be ready to do that. Maybe even a finer point, so you've got some items – I'll give you like a beef short rib or rib short rib or something like that, they command quite a premium in some of the export markets. And so these items today, though, we're having to roll those into our grinds. And so you can't really see it in the cutout, but that's a significant value decline on items like that. So that's what we're dealing with now. Again, we think this issue is acute and hopefully we'll get on through it throughout this quarter.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. That's correct. Yeah. Yeah. No leg quarter in Chicken impact there at all, just in Prepared Foods. So that's our Q4. As we go into the fall, we expect to see very good growth in our categories. The categories are very solid. We want to regain some share in a couple, three of our major categories and feel very good about – if you look at this year's average, we'll probably average around 8% on sales in Prepared Foods for the year and then seeing a 200-basis-points-maybe-plus increase next year while growing that business. That feels really good to us.
Donald J. Smith: We think so. Farha, if you think back over the last two years, three years in our Chicken business, we like the way that we balanced our portfolio across the various bird classes. We spend a lot of time adjusting our pricing strategies to be able to reduce volatility and stabilize our margins. We've been able to grow our value-added mix. Our tray pack business is just doing great. We've spent a lot of work and a lot of time and improved our cost structure. I think I said on the last call, we reduced our export exposure on leg quarters by 50% over the last five years and we'll continue to do that in the upcoming year. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we've got an opportunity inside some of our Prepared Foods category to move some dark meat there. So the CapEx that we spend against our business is really paying off and making our plants very efficient. So when you combine all that up, it gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to stay at or above the top end of that range next year.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. Farha, we target a spend about 5% on sales on MAP in our retail brands. That can fluctuate a little bit depending on the timing of innovation, if we're making some price changes and that type of thing. Well, a notable example of that would be this Q4. We're launching two new product lines. We're supporting those with MAP. We're increasing our MAP spend a bit this quarter for back-to-school. So, it'll fluctuate a little bit, but over the year, our target is 5%. And I think it's really important for investors to know that we're going to maintain our investment in brand building. And when a brand is ready for MAP spend we're not going to pull back from the brand-building commitment. And that's why going into 2016, we feel very good about moving from 8% return on sales in Prepared Foods this year up to about 10% plus or so next year, while maintaining a very good growth posture from that point forward. We've got a great innovation pipeline behind these brands that we'll continue to deliver to the marketplace over time. So that's kind of our whole view.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. I think the real change for us we saw more imported pork into the U.S., and frankly into other markets where we ship products. A bit more than we expected, and that caused our Pork margins to be a tad lower than what we thought. As we look at domestic disappearance though, when we look at the availability, you got quite a bit of availability on the domestic market. We think you got a lot of hogs coming to us as we move on into the fall, so we expect that margin to expand a bit. But I'd say the biggest impact on Q3 was probably AU or Canadian or other countries that export into pork markets had a little bit more pork on the market than what we expected.
Donald J. Smith: Yes. We did see improvements in Prepared Foods due to lower raw material costs. However, just a quick reminder, so far our Prepared Foods business still has long-term commitments with other pork producers for our pork raw material. So, we did see a market – pork raw materials are down. It's a benefit through our Prepared Foods business. There's really not been any synergy capture yet from an end-to-end basis, because we'll maintain our commitment to the previous suppliers until those contracts run out and then we'll be able to have an additional synergy coming up. I hope that helps.
Donald J. Smith: Sure. So, the foodservice demand – if you look at traffic, traffic is flat to up slightly. But we do feel right now that with gas prices moderating, that will continue through the rest of the year. So, feel better about improved demand at foodservice. In retail, fresh chicken is still a clear winner against very, very high beef prices. Certainly, the increase of pork on the market recently has tamed a little bit of Chicken's growth, but it still feels really good at around 2% or so. At one point, we saw about 3% or so demand growth in Chicken. But the retail growth still feels good. It's relatively priced. It's a very cheap protein for consumers. When we look at our business, we don't – we tried over time to build some internal hedges within our business to where – if we have pricing exposure to parts markets like breast meat or whatever, we try to build into our production plans the ability to offset a good portion of that through purchases on the outside market. That way we don't succumb to the movement of those markets. If you look at our pricing versus the parts market, we don't correlate very well to the breast meat and that type thing. Probably the whole bird market is a better pricing indication of how our business will perform. So, if you look at our small bird business, business is doing great. We've moved to a lot more, what we would call whole body form sales, whether it's eight-piece cut up, at foodservice or at retail rotisserie. Those types of things continue to move the business forward there, it feels good. Tray pack, of course, is doing great. Our big bird business is fine. A lot of what we do is supply raw material through our big bird business into the value-added further processed items at both foodservice and at retail. As I mentioned in my script, in the last four weeks, our retail frozen business is now back up to a 55 share which is where we were before we had our production problems. So, we feel great being able to grow that business. Hopefully, that's a pretty good recap of how we view our segments inside Chicken.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. If I look at the industry capacity utilization, we're probably on the low 70s and I think that's about where we are. We tend to have our plants in areas where there's a little bit higher concentration in the cattle, so we may be a point or two above that. In terms of quantifying the impact, I can't say – we know when we're running 34s and 36s a week in our plants that does cost us in – it raises the cost in our plant, makes us a lot less efficient. So it does have a cost to us. I don't know that I can quantify that right off the bat, but it does impact margin.
Donald J. Smith: Yes, very much so. When we look at the cattle on feed now, the feedlots have slowed turns down, but the cattle are still there. So, they're going to be coming into the market later on this fall, but when you look at calf crop that's building, that's really a latter part of 2016 and then on into 2017 issue. So I think we're modeling it exactly the same way. I would think that if you look out over time and so I'm going to go 2016 over 2015, you're probably looking at 1.5% or so increase in supply. Based on heifer retention we're seeing today kind of feels like something like a 1.5%, 2%, I feel a little bit better than that 2017 over 2016, but it's a little bit early to make that call. But, I certainly think you're right. You've got – it's going to be in the back half of 2016 and then incrementally better in 2017 in terms of beef supply.
Donald J. Smith: So, what we see in 2016, we look at protein availability or the per capita consumption, if you will, of protein up about 2.3%. We think that supplies are backing up here near term. But as we look forward, you've got increased demand for protein on a global basis. As we look at Pork, for example, in 2016, you're probably going to see less pressure from outside markets next year than you saw this year, which should improve Pork demand. If you look at what's happened in China, China has significantly reduced their sow herd. If you look at what day old pigs and pig replacement prices are doing and what Pork is doing, for example, at retail, pork prices and hog prices are increasing in China, which tells us that there's likely to be more demand for pork in China next year than this year. Again, this Beef deal, you've got very record high-price spreads at retail. And I think with the slow growth in the beef herd that we're projecting and call that 1.5%, 2% or so, we think Beef is going to maintain an umbrella, if you will, at premium price, if you will, to the other proteins. By the way, more pork on the domestic market is good news for our Prepared Foods business certainly. And so, the real key is Chicken. And when you look at Chicken, we plan to use our buy versus grow strategy to make sure that the 2% or so in domestic availability that we expect next year that we can buy a lot of that raw material and be able to add value to it and protect our margins and stabilize our margins like we talked about a little earlier in Q&A. So that's really the way we look at the landscape in front of it. And that's what gives us a lot of cause to think. Fundamentally nothing in our 2016 view has changed.
Donald J. Smith: So, the clearing part is over and we basically resold that product into other markets where we could move it. Now the one issue that still lingers which and by the way you wouldn't be able to necessarily see this in the cutout is some of these items like beef plates and rib short ribs, and short ribs, and flap tails, and those kinds of things that normally we have a good sale for into export markets that while demand is down, particularly in Asia, these markets are getting rolled into grind – these items are getting rolled in the grinds. So, that still has an impact on our price realization. The supply situation has continued to linger as feedlots. We looked at the cattle on feed numbers in June to understand they were stretching out their turns. The cattle on feed report in July indicated they continue to stretch out turns. So, there's a near-term squeeze there, if you will, on the supply. But a lot of the demand issues that were very acute are behind us and we think we'll be able to see our price realization increase a little bit over time as some of these export markets begin to equilibrate a bit. Now, the flow off the coast is much improved. Port of LA is great. We're still seeing a little bit of difficulties down in Oakland, but the flow is beginning to get much more normal, if you will, to what we're seeing before these port disruptions.
Donald J. Smith: Drop credit is down and that does affect our margins and a lot of that has to do with – if you want to call the economic impact of the economy slowing down, if you will, a bit in Asia. That will correct over time. We think that – if you look at – and I don't want to get into a whole bunch of detail on drop credit items, but you've got two big categories, your variety meats and then your hides in both of those prices are weak. So we should see that come back over time. I suspect that would be a fairly slow climb out of the hole.
Donald J. Smith: No. It's just early, Ken. I mean, frankly, the situation in Beef has not changed through July. I want to spend a little bit more time looking at that. Hey, I'd like to get this crop in the bin. And so, we typically wait until this next quarter in Q4, before we get more clarity on that. It's just early.
Donald J. Smith: So, I feel great about Prepared Foods. And we are lowering prices in a couple of categories and I'm sure looking for the volume response to that. That would continue to give us – that would be the confidence we need there. So, I feel great about that. I feel good about Chicken. We obviously would love to see some of these export bans removed which – third quarter has particularly hurt us a bit in Arkansas. So, I'd love to see that improve. But there, again, that doesn't necessarily change the outlook for 2016. So, it really is this unexpected acute issue in Beef and getting a little bit more clarity on how that's going to turn out. That's the one. Synergy is still great. If you look at the things coming up, we've got, again, great brands and great categories. We're going to have a full year of our new tray pack operation in South Georgia. We've got plenty of fully-cook capacity now to be able to grow both foodservice and retail and fully-cooked. We're going to have plenty of hogs around us. That feels good. Certainly, it will help the raw materials in Prepared Foods. I think beef prices are going to continue to provide an umbrella. I mentioned synergies, we're generating a lot of cash, which gives us a lot of opportunity to pay, buyback stock or invest in the business. So, we've got a lot of things going for us. We just really want to see this beef thing play itself out for another month or two.
Donald J. Smith: Well, if you look at over the very, very long term, we still feel good certainly about Pork in our portfolio. We feel good about having Beef as a long-term business. So, we really look at this thing with a very, very long-term view, and so it still feels good to us for them to be in the portfolio.
Donald J. Smith: By and large, that's right. I wouldn't necessarily limit the softness in demand we're seeing just to Korea. There is softness across broader Asia. And as you know, those are great markets for a lot of those items. So, a little bit broader than just Korea.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. It has occurred as expected. I think we mentioned in our last call that we had some start-up issues that we were working through. That did not – the start-up issues that we worked through in Q3 did not impact earnings beyond what we would have expected them to. All that came as planned. It really was this acute issue of making the decision to get that moving off the West Coast so we wouldn't have to deal with it in even softer markets.
Donald J. Smith: Tim, we look at a lot of those things constantly in our efforts to manage margins. Too early to say about any potential moves we might have inside the system but certainly we're working through the math on a lot of those issues. And as you know, we get that down to about the fourth decimal point to make that call. So, we're looking at all that, don't see the opportunity yet.
Donald J. Smith: I think large – what you just said, Akshay, is largely correct. It's that you wouldn't be able to look at cut out and see the price differences between the revenue that we get from some of these export items and what we then get for it when we roll it into $50s (57:04). So that's part of the issue. I don't know – I don't want to comment on what the industry says or what they may show. But we felt like the right thing to do was to make sure that we didn't have an inventory problem because it felt like to us that going into Memorial Day to feel the cutout getting toppy like we did in Memorial Day, it felt like the right thing for us to do was to resell all that product. Now, that may have hurt us worse than what the cutout or what the industry indices would have indicated but it was the right thing to do for our business. We don't have excess inventory. If you look at Beef inventories, I don't what they're up 20%, 30% or so, ours is not and that feels really good because we'll be able to immediately respond when the market conditions give us an opportunity.
Donald J. Smith: Akshay, I don't know what other people are doing in the industry or how they're dealing with it. I think I can safely say that our market share in Asia is historically pretty large. And so, maybe we were impacted greater because of this issue based on that. But I don't have any comment about how it may be impacting us versus the rest of the industry or whatever. I'm just telling you what happened to our business.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. So, hopefully, this perspective will help, Akshay. So, if you look at our categories at retail – by the way, our foodservice business is great. If you look at QSR Mexican and some of the other growth in foodservice, that plays very well into our portfolio. So, we feel great about foodservice demand and our ability to continue to grow that part of our Prepared Foods business. At retail, if you look back over this last quarter, we grew sales in eight of our nine categories and grew share in five of nine. So, if you just look at the category growth, that gives you a good indication of where we are. Now, I can't tell you that in Q3 we lost share in a couple of categories that are meaningful to us. And so in Q4, we're going to reduce the price gap between us and the competition to regain that volume. There's always a balance between managing new gross margin and managing new market share. And so, we're going to reduce those price gaps to maintain our market share because we – or to get some market share back, because we want to go into the fall with a position in the – well positioned in the categories for growth into 2016. So, again, on the Prepared Foods synergies, about 90% of those, so I think you're seeing that right about 90% of those or so are in – of the total synergies are in Prepared Foods. And really what we're doing is just re-rating our cost structure for that business down, and then we'll take advantage of the raw material improvements over next year to have plenty of firepower on our map and to make sure we keep our pricing gap right, so we'll continue to grow the business, all the while, expanding our margins by a couple of hundred basis points over what we did this year. So we feel really good about that.
Donald J. Smith: Okay. Brett, I think you've absolutely got the right list. I'll tell you and I'm probably going to frustrate you a little bit with my answer, I'm sorry, but it's just a little bit too early for us. Really, I'd like to get the crop in the bin before we can get more definitive. But I'm very comfortable saying that in FY 2016, we're going to be at or above the top end of our new 7% to 9% range. For all the reasons you mentioned, reducing our exposure to leg quarters, we've done a great job in balancing and changing our pricing structures to be able to balance our margins and stabilize our margins, while growing the business. We feel great that we've got the portfolio inside of Chicken appropriately sized across all the bird classes. That feels good. And a key component to making 2016 a great year is we're going to have a full year of our new tray pack plant in South Georgia and we got plenty of capacity to be able to grow our retail value-added fully-cooked business and our fully-cooked foodservice business. And we see opportunities for demand to increase there. So, we've got a lot of components that are in our favor. And it's really the combination of the work over the last three or four years to put all of the pieces together to be able to stabilize our margins and then grow the business with that new stabilized margin structure. So, I think you're all there. I feel great about 2016. More details to come on our next call.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. So, the M&A strategy is very consistent; value-added poultry, Prepared Foods and at some point, International. And that's our focus. And obviously, we want to continue to grow the branded value-added part of our portfolio to continue to de-risk and de-commoditize our portfolio and make sure that our businesses is very, very consumer centric. So, that's the plan forward. I think Dennis did a great job on the – whether or not that's a governor or not. We don't think of either/or, we think of and.
Donald J. Smith: So, thanks – okay. I think that's all the time we have for today. Hey, listen, we're going to stay focused on our long-term growth of delivering at least 10% annual EPS growth over time by growing our value-added in Prepared Foods businesses and supporting our brands to maintain a leadership position. Thanks for joining us today and have a great week.
Dennis Leatherby: Adam, I'd just add one fine point at Donnie's comment about AI. That's related to the turkey part of our business.
Dennis Leatherby: Sure. So the way we're thinking about it is we expect to break through our leverage target of 2 times. So we see that as kind of a sweet spot for us to be in the 1.5 times to 2 times net debt-to-EBITDA. So that being said, that allows us to start buying back stocks, so we're going to start this quarter as opposed to next. And we're going to kind of watch that ratio. So that's really kind of govern how much we do each quarter as we go forward, but should be a fairly significant amount.
Dennis Leatherby: But as we say in the earnings release in the Q, it's $170 million for Q3, $200 million year-to-date.
Dennis Leatherby: Again, Ken, the way we're looking at it is we're trying to keep net debt to EBITDA around that 2 times level. So, we de-levered to the point where we're pretty comfortable looking at first and foremost growth through CapEx, organic type of growth expenditures. But then, think about free cash flow. It's $1 billion. It's going to grow over time. So, that's going to – so to the extent we don't do much more deleveraging then it gives us more options in terms of buying back stock and working on dividends too.
Dennis Leatherby: I'll start with the M&A as the governor. What we're trying to do is design our capital structure and cash flow and capital allocation in a way that allows us to have kind of the best of both worlds. So, think about generating a billion or more in free cash flow, while investing heavy in organic growth in our existing businesses, but also maintaining a solid investment grade rating and good liquidity and then just as importantly, having quite a bit of incremental debt capacity to make acquisitions. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Donnie to talk about strategy a little bit.
