Thomas P. Hayes: All right. Thank you very much, Jon, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us as we wrap up another record year. I want to start by acknowledging the announcement that we made last Wednesday about our CFO transition from Dennis to Stewart. We have company-wide townhall meetings after these earnings calls each quarter that we call those Team Talk. And so, we're just absolutely thrilled that Stewart can be here with us, so he has a chance to meet folks in person. And this is Dennis' second to last earnings call, and it's bittersweet, but Tyson has had the pleasure of having Dennis on the team for many, many years. As you know, he's been the CFO since 2008 and nearly 30 years with the company, countless contributions. He's been an integral part of my first year as CEO. So, Dennis, on behalf of everybody at Tyson, let me just publicly say thank you for everything you've done for the company. And we appreciate you, we thank you, and we're going to be looking forward to having a proper sendoff in the spring. But right now – Stewart, also welcome. Thanks for joining us today. As you know, he has some big shoes to fill, but we're happy to have you. And just thrilled that you made the decision to join the Tyson Foods family, and we're looking forward to the massive contributions we absolutely know that you'll make.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah, sure. Hey, Adam, it's Tom. So, as it relates to the charge, I'm not going to get into a lot of detail, was the right thing to do for us. We have contracts with suppliers that prohibit us from maximizing the internal consumption of materials that we produce ourselves through the Fresh Meats group. So, it was a pill that we wanted to swallow this past quarter to make sure that we're prepared for 2018, and it was the right thing to do. So, let me try to give you some more information, so I can bridge the 2017 to 2018. Think about we printed $675 million for the year in Prepared Foods, the base sort of APF earnings less what we're going to be divesting is about $100 million, net. Incremental D&A, $55-ish million, $56 million. The Financial Fitness that is going to hit the segment will be about $100 million. We are making improvements in the legacy business, so what you talked about in terms of pepperoni and other things. So price, I would say, and cost improvements, that should total about $150 million for the full year. So, if you roll those up, it's about a $970 million OI, which puts us in that 11% to 12% range, with sales being about $8.3 billion for the year.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah, sure. So, Chicken will improve on the cost structure by about $150 million. There's the Tyson Production System that we talked about in the past, where it's taking Lean to the next step across the entire system, that'll contribute about $150 million. The APF chicken business, we don't talk about it a lot, but it is a decent-sized business, about $50 million in EBIT. And Financial Fitness, as we talked about, about $90 million of this total cost takeout in Financial Fitness will hit the Chicken segment. And there's some volume-mix impact, but the total gets us to about $1.4 billion for the Chicken segment.
Thomas P. Hayes: Ken, I'll start, and then maybe Dennis can chime in here. And absolutely I agree with you that Dennis did enter the equation in a trial by fire, just done a nice job. So, yeah, it was certainly early in the year. I mean, we're just out of the box, Q1 looks good, but we have to sort of stay where we are. Absolutely, things look good. We continue to say that absent a shock to the system, we're going to be in a nice position for 2018. And we also just want to make sure that we emphasize, we are in a growth mode. So, we're going to continue to invest and make sure that we're doing the right things for growth. But the objective is consistent, predictable, sustainable growth, top line and bottom line. So, we're not going to be getting out ahead of ourselves. And certainly, we're making investments, right? We're making investments in CapEx and we guide to that. The year looks good.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. So, Ken, what's happening with Pork is just about what we expected, so that's in our guidance, right? I mean, that's – yes, things are compressing a little bit, but we had expected that and that's in our full guidance. So, new players are coming in the market, the pie gets cut up a little bit differently based on trying to find that supply of hogs. But like I said, again, all the assumptions were built into our annual outlook of greater than 9%. What I'd say is this happens the same way every time a new entrant comes into the market, and it's done this for decades. So, being an established processor like ourselves, we like where we are, especially given the team that we have. We'll work our way through it. But on Pork, I would say that it's playing out as we expected and then built into our guidance. And our Chicken margins, I went through the bridge right for the full year, so I think maybe that speaks for itself. But if there's anything that we haven't been clear on, certainly let me know. And Prepared's made the balance that we anticipated, and we're pleased with that.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah, Heather. It's about half-and-half. So, half is AdvancePierre, and about half is just organic chicken growth and that is through the value-added, as you described.
Thomas P. Hayes: It is a reasonable way to be thinking about it. What we're playing for is long-term shareholder value creation. So, as it relates to the chicken supply growth, we're squarely focused on what do we need. The USDA estimates about a 2% growth, and that's in line with consumer demand, I'd say, roughly. Our demand has been outstanding and outpacing. So, as it relates to serving what we need, we're not going to change our approach. We're going to keep supply short of demand. But because of that demand strength, that's why we're adding on to the plant that we talked about in Tennessee, and it's why we're building another plant. We just want to continue the approach to be net short, but we are focused on value business.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. Sure, Rob. I'd say, what AdvancePierre did really well and continues to do well, is two things. One, they handle complexity very effectively, so they know how to make money and continue to meet the customers' demands. And the second thing is, they taught us how we can be really efficient and, at the same time, focusing on, I would say, the consumer branded business as an area to make money. So, that complexity is something that they're getting paid for, and that will be the expectation that we would always have. But I'd say, they have done a really nice job of managing that complexity. As it relates to combining the efforts, our selling group has really done a nice job pulling things together. AdvancePierre is very heavily vested in the C-Store space, which was highly attractive to us. Since we combined efforts in Tyson and Hillshire, we've grown more than 75% in the last three years. Not a huge base business, but it's in the hundreds of millions of dollars range and it's a great example of one plus one equals three. We're going to take that to a new level with APF. They have a completely focused effort to make sure the integration is going to go seamlessly and really, really like how we've started the integration. Our customers are giving us positive feedback about that, in addition to the other segments that we serve through the business.
Thomas P. Hayes: No. I mean, there's always a little bit here and there that may come and go. But on balance, we are gaining new business, so that's correct.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. So, last year or maybe two calls ago, we talked about our front half, back half sort of discussion. That's important for us because we continue to be focused on, there are some things that can flip between quarters. It's an annual outlook. And when we say that it's playing out as we had expected, demand is so strong, I would say export demand is really strong. And we're seeing that, that compression is about what we thought. So, I don't know what more I can say to that, Jeremy, but other than like I said before, this is something that we've seen this play. It's not the first time this has happened. And, yes, there'll be a little bit of choppiness, but we feel like we'll level out to the right place. And what we're guiding to is what we think will happen.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. It's a buy versus grow strategy that we have. So, I think that we'll continue to play. It works to our advantage, particularly when breast meat is very low. So, that's how we play that continuously.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. First, Akshay, I have to say, as everybody else has been congratulating Dennis, he's got to be here through April and so you'll hear from him again on next quarter's call. But, yeah, so the Chicken margins, like we said, we believe to be around 11%. And we expect our business to grow, especially in value-added frozen and 3% overall. We do believe that we're expecting similar feed environments. We're looking at the forward curve at this point, it seems like it's going to be benign. So, as it relates to commodity breast meat or cheaper products, we're heavily weighted towards further processed breast meat sales. So, we tend to make more money in low commodity breast meat markets rather than high ones. We've done a nice job, as you know, diversifying our price type. So, we don't tend to be as volatile. There's some obvious economic benefit between the pure spread and buy versus grow. But the long-term value is generated by selling all the parts that we have to find a home floor (41:52), so as it relates to the commodity markets being low, that's something we see, frankly, as an opportunity.
Thomas P. Hayes: Welcome. Prepared Foods is off to a good start. So, that's all I'll say, how we're going to finish the quarter. What I would say is our innovation efforts are really kicking in and paying back. I've talked in my prepared remarks about how our future innovation is scoring. And I think it's going to put us in a position where you have – not just on Prepared by the way, also on Chicken – some really strong results. We're in the right categories, we're in the right part of the store. So, in the Prepared business, one of the things we're also certainly benefiting from is the perimeter. Certainly, there's a lot of growth there. But also, the center store, if you include frozen, frozen is growing for us in the center stores. Certainly, I know that shelf stable's having some challenges, but the frozen section is growing well. And that's heavily indexed towards Prepared. Certainly synergy capture, everything that you already know about. In terms of how it flows and the cadence, I won't give you any thoughts on that. I'd just ask you to focus on the year-end and the fact that I told you – Dennis told you that the first quarter has started really well.
Thomas P. Hayes: We don't – what I'll say, Michael, is, we don't have any problem getting the hogs that we need. We're in a pretty good situation there. So, I don't know what else to say other than, the outlook includes anything that is going to happen in the Pork business. We don't find any challenges as it relates to getting what we need and, as you know, it's a spread business. So, certainly, exports are going to continue to be supportive, and we are a big player in exports, so we like that. So, the fact that the business is doing – going through a margin compression right now, we thoroughly thought about that, analyzed it, and it's where we wound up with our guidance. The other thing I'll say is, we are seeing some growth in NAE pork, still a really small percentage of our business, I talked about it in my prepared remarks. But we have access to the hogs if we have demand, and we're seeing demand increasing. So, that's something that is also a small, but supportive piece of our equation as it relates to margin.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. Again, it's in the outlook, but I would say we have increased wages, and we started doing that about a year ago. And it's to make sure that our turnover rates are lower. We achieved lower turnover. It's been successful. We've done a nice job, I think, in all of our plants, not just on Pork, but also Beef and Prepared Foods and Chicken. And we are also doing things to make sure that we're running well within control; to the extent that we need to modify our line speeds, we're doing that. And so again, everything is in our guidance, but we have increased wages at our plants.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah, Ben, so nothing else that's not disclosed in the 10-K. What I'd say as it relates to more the longer-term potential for Prepared Foods margins. I've said before, we'll say again, we expect 12% to 14% is certainly within the horizon. Again, innovation is a big key to that, continuing to get the synergy capture, frankly, over-delivering to the extent that we can know we have a very diversified business. And we have a business that is very focused on making sure we're growing, both with customers and through consumer relevance, on innovation. But also the customer sees us as a partner. So, we are a category captain in Prepared Foods almost everywhere. I mean, everywhere that we would want to be, I'd say. And we are balancing our approach with customer brands. There are certain categories that make sense for us to be focused with our customers on driving their growth, regardless of whether or not it's our brand, and we're going to make high margins on those businesses as well. So, I don't know if that scratches the itch for you, but I would say that longer term, we see those margins in that 12% to 14% range at some point in time.
Thomas P. Hayes: It does, use 5% as the number, that's where we're guiding towards, so I wouldn't run away with that. What we're seeing is certainly more cattle next year, we are in the right locations, we like where we're located. And certainly, placement levels show a lot of cattle on feed. So, supplies are growing in our regions. That is why we're bullish, no pun intended. But the idea of us being properly positioned in the right regions, I'd say, is what you should focus on. And 5% is the number you should model.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah, we think it could be a multi-year phenomenon. And we like where we're positioned as a country, frankly, and certainly where Tyson Foods is positioned. We were the first company to ship beef to China after the resumption of trade, and we have a huge market share already in that market. Our brand, ibp, is actually a very well recognized brand in China. And this is great for a number of reasons, but the primary reason that we think about is that it creates domestic disappearance. So, for us, anything that is in support of exports is really helpful. Having access to that market allows us to be in a position to have the meat cleared at a better price. There's no question. And our original assumptions on what we're including in our guidance, we are expecting strong export trade continuing. What I'd say is global supplies are relatively flat, right, and coupled with strong demand for protein overall, then it really makes a nice environment for us. And, yes, I'm fully counting on Stewart bringing his full value on international with him.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. So, Farha, certainly, the benefits are economic, but also consumer preference. I would say, to the extent that we didn't move to NAE, we'd be having a very different conversation. The consumer does expect it, and by the way, the customer expects it. So, gatekeepers within the customer are asking continuously to be NAE and so for us, we're fully NAE now, and we're actually buying meat on the outside that's NAE. So, in terms of the economics, what I would say is the cost, a little bit more on the upfront, and we've been able to swallow that cost and then remove that cost. And I think we're in a great position today, very few of our flocks are actually treated. And so we feel like it's a competitive advantage today, whether or not it'll be for long term, who knows, but that has been a key to our growth. We feel like so far – so, I'd say the latter part of 2017, but also moving into what we've guided for 2018, which is the total (53:47) 3% which doesn't sound like a huge number, but in our business it's meaningful.
Thomas P. Hayes: Absolutely. Let me talk about three things. One is, we talked about a few times on this call, but it's the focus on customer growth. And we, as Tyson, prior to AdvancePierre, very focused on customer growth. But I would say, AdvancePierre cranks that up a notch. They really are focused on making sure the customer gets what they need as it relates to branded products or customer brands. Second thing I'd say is the level of accountability that the team has across the organization. We were highly accountable at Tyson. I would say, they are extremely focused on removing non-value-added costs, so things that aren't valued by the customer; and having a disciplined approach to looking at it on a weekly basis where are we running (56:36) yellow. And so we are adopting that across the system. There's some ideas that they brought to the table that, I think, are very, very exciting. And the third is just the channel, channels that they played in predominantly in convenience stores provide us some great benefits, enthusiasm about what the program together can offer overall to customers because that is a space that is growing. And also, I would kind of throw in the retail perimeter, the products that are served either ready-to-heat or ready-to-eat. They have done a very, very nice job. So, those three things I'd point to that there's a lot of other learnings we spent a lot of time talking about it, but I'd highlight those three.
Thomas P. Hayes: We will update you, like I said last quarter, and give you our then current thinking. And we believe that we continue to execute taking costs out or holding costs flat, while we're growing the business we will leverage the model for expanding margins. So, absolutely, we'll talk about it again, and you should expect us to be back to you with a receipt (58:02) on that.
Thomas P. Hayes: You always ask that question. It's difficult for me to say that how much confidence you should take from this other than we're very confident, and that's reflected in the outlook. We have a great year ahead of us. We're continuing to grow where we want to grow value-added versus commodities, certainly, in Chicken and Prepared Foods. We talked about the Core 9 results and our Focus 5 foodservice. The balanced portfolio in terms of the customer channels is a big deal. So, we like the traction we're getting at those customers that where we're serving the perimeter of the store and convenience. And yeah, I don't know how to quantify, Ken, because we have guidance other than to say that I am extremely enthusiastic about everything that I'm seeing, and I think the team would chime and say the same thing. Chicken should benefit from the move to NAE. We do also, by the way, have an organic offering. Certainly, Prepared Foods is well positioned. I would say one other thing is maybe it's on the Financial Fitness, we had to lose some weight. So, that's the reason why we call it Financial Fitness. We had some weight to lose out of the box and we have to have process discipline to keep the weight off. And that's making us really confident about how we can continue to have great cost structure as we grow, as I mentioned a moment ago. So, sure, overall, I'd say very optimistic.
Thomas P. Hayes: So, I'll say two things. First is that I can't name names. As you can well imagine, that's not fair to suppliers. But we have negotiated cost out of our suppliers, right, and not small amounts, large amounts. That's number one. Number two is we are being able to look at where do we make products the least cost and maximize those plants first and so that is underway, and it's certainly something that will continue as well as there will be probably – not probably, there will be some plant rationalization at some point in the future. The other thing is just the pricing side – it was not a cost takeout, the pricing side of things is I think there's a lot of proper focus on that. Where do we need to make sure we're taking the discipline that AdvancePierre had on pricing? And maybe the final thing on cost is as we look at our products and how they are made, we are seeing some things that AdvancePierre did that was extraordinary in terms of making sure that we're flexible on formulas, sort of utilize the raw materials that are the best for us at that point in time, given the costs, without sacrificing and in some cases, increasing the quality. So, that's a big deal, and we're seeing a lot of savings from that already that we have implied into our forecast. We're excited about that, so hopefully those will help.
Thomas P. Hayes: Excellent. Thank you all for the great questions. I really appreciate it. And before I go, I do want to say to Dennis and Stewart, we are both looking to you – I'm looking to you to have a great transition. I know that as we transition from one superstar to the next, it's going to be seamless. And it's very exciting. So, also, as I've been prone to say in the last couple of quarters here, I'd like to thank the Tyson team members that are listening to the call because they are on the call and we had another record year, which is really, really good and we're all very excited about that. But I already have seen tremendous amount of work that is focused on delivering another record in 2018. And so I appreciate in advance all the work that everybody's doing, so thank you. And then, because we're not going to talk to you between here and the end of the year, hopefully, everybody has a safe and happy holiday season. And so we're going to be kicking into holiday season shipments, which is great, but I would like to say happy holidays to everybody and certainly, please stay safe. Thank you very much for dialing in today.
Dennis Leatherby: The only thing I would add, Ken, is remember, our Q2 which ends in March is always very erratic with weather patterns and order patterns, never the same from year-to-year. So, that's why we always start out pretty measured in our approach.
Dennis Leatherby: Hey, Michael, we typically don't like to speculate on our competition. That's just – it's a fruitless exercise, in our opinion.
Dennis Leatherby: Well, in both cases, it's going to be coming from the overhead reductions, supply chain efficiencies and procurement, are the largest categories. And so given that they both use largely the same distribution system, it's natural that they would largely both get the benefit of those synergies.
Dennis Leatherby: To be clear, the procurement – the raw material buyout was, it was in Q4, but is not a major component of the procurement savings. Think in the procurement savings, leveraging Tyson's scale with billions of pounds at some rate that's more efficient than it was at AdvancePierre.
