Donnie King: Thanks, John. Before we get to your questions, I'd like to thank our 139,000 team members, who worked tirelessly to feed the world like family and fulfill our mission to bring high-quality food to every table in the world. It is the strength of our team that secures our position as a world-class food company and a recognized leader in protein. Together, we delivered a solid first half, we still have more work to do and believe we have the strategy in place to continue our progress and deliver long-term shareholder value. Now I'll turn the call back over to Sean for Q&A instructions. 
Donnie King: Thanks, Peter, and I appreciate everyone for being on this morning. Your first part of your question is essentially am I satisfied? I'm encouraged, I would -- I'd stop short of saying satisfied in terms of the results. I'm proud of the results that we delivered in Q2, and we're seeing the benefits of our diverse portfolio across proteins, channels, categories and eating occasions, where we saw Chicken and Pork are offsetting the headwinds in Beef. In our Q2, our momentum continues to strengthen on all of our businesses, and they're running better today than they were last year.  We've come a long way from where we were a year ago, and my thanks to all of our team members for continued improvement in execution. We're executing against the priorities we laid out for fiscal '24. We are controlling the controllables. We're optimizing our network. We remain focused on operational excellence. We've taken bold actions to drive performance and to build financial strength. We're delivering meaningful results compared to the first half of last year in profitability, cash flow, CapEx in line with historical rates. Our performance has given us confidence to raise our guidance, while acknowledging uncertainties remain, and we have much work to do.   In terms of your specific question around Prepared, let me make a few comments, and then I'll pass it over to Melanie to add some detail. Our results were in line with our expectations. Our brands are strong and our share remains healthy. Persistent inflation is weighing on our bifurcated consumer. Our strategy is to meet the consumer where they are with offerings at various price points.  In terms of more details, let me flip it over to Melanie to add a little color to your questions. 
Donnie King: I think I caught all the questions. Let me start out here was -- if I heard correctly, it was a kind of a supply question and then let me talk about that, and I will flip it to Wes to add some very specific details. But in terms of chicken supply, if you look at the publicly available data, USDA has projected chicken supply increased about 1% in 2024. But if you look at the data underneath it, there are some things that you need to get from this. This is a livability and hatchability story for the industry. If you look, pull it and [ hen ] mortality continues to be elevated. Broiler mortality continues to be elevated. Hatchability continues to be 3% to 5% below historical rates.  So the net of all that is this. There will be fewer live pounds delivered to the processing plant than forecast. So if I look at that, I believe the supply will be lower than 1% projected by USDA. The other thing I would say with that is this is not a short-term fix. If you remember, we have a genetics company as well. And we've seen some of this activity as well. So this is -- can be a little bit of a longer-term issue. So you ask -- you didn't ask, but I would tell you, at least from our perspective, genetic selection over the last several years have been skewed towards broader characteristics like yield and feed conversion. There has been some impact -- the cumulative impact from no antibiotics ever across the supply chain.  And there's some, I won't say, new disease, but the disease persists, creating mortality in the broiler. There's a new one -- or new to me called Avian metapneumonia virus that's out there. Laryngotracheitis, or LT, is out there today, and there are other things. But I think the supply could be -- will be less than 1% based on the data points I'm looking at and from flat to 0.5% or something along that order.  Let me flip it to Wes and let him talk about our supply and see if that answers your question. 
Donnie King: Sure. Let me start off, and I will let Wes add a little color to this as well. But one of the things I got to point out is that the focus on the fundamentals that Wes and our Chicken team have had over the past year actually is quite impressive, and that's a result of some of this. I would point out this that there have been some market tailwinds that as far as Chicken is concerned. But of the $325 million that were better year-over-year, more than half of that came from execution type things, such as the footprint and network as well as some of the other tougher decisions that we made.  And with that, Wes, why don't you cover some of the more specifics around the program. 
Donnie King: So just to maybe cleanup for clarity, I think you may have misspoken on. It is Pork and Chicken, where we are seeing the future activity right now. 
Donnie King: If I might add one more thing relative to chicken. The back half of the year for chicken, if you look, grains have moderated, the demand for chicken is very strong, and we've built a fundamentally stronger Chicken business. So we're excited about that. We're executing better, and demand is certainly working in our favor. 
Donnie King: Thanks for your continued interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. 
Melanie Boulden: So Peter, I think you were asking specifically about our projections for Q3 as well as the rest of the full year. And so I'll just talk specifically about Prepared Foods and let any of the other leaders chime in. So the first half of the year, Prepared Foods delivered $500 million in AOI and you also know that profit delivery in the second half of the year has historically been lower than the first half, and we expect this year to be the same. So therefore, the midpoint of our second half guidance is $400 million. And I also want to point out that historically, Q3 has performed better than Q4, but we're seeing higher commodity costs in Q3, so we expect a pretty even split between the 2 quarters. 
Melanie Boulden: Yes, happy to. So Peter, in both retail and foodservice, as you know, the consumer is under pressure, especially the lower income households. And in retail, we're seeing roughly 20% cumulative inflation over the last 3 years. Now the inflation impact, coupled with historically low savings rate has created a more cautious price-sensitive consumer. And we're also seeing a cautious consumer prioritized essential staples over discretionary categories. Now that said, we're advantaged, in that our protein categories enjoy lower levels of elasticity compared to the broader consumer landscape. And in retail, we're experiencing -- well, I should say, but in retail, we are experiencing a little slippage to private label with lower income households. However, our share remains strong with growth in bacon, snacking and sausage.  Now in foodservice, where you specifically noted, we continue to deliver solid performance. but we are seeing shifts from fine dining into QSR. We're also seeing QSR slippage to more meals being consumed at home. But for Tyson, we're advantaged as we serve both in home and away-from-home consumers. The key point, I guess I'd like you to take away from all of this is that we've intentionally built the portfolio diversified across strong brands spanning multiple protein offerings and value tiers, and our scale allows consumers to find our products in multiple places throughout retail and foodservice channels. And this allows us to deliver on our goal of meeting our consumers where they're at, across a variety of value spectrum. 
Melanie Boulden: Alex, this is Melanie. And in terms of our start-up costs, we may experience a little bit bleeding over into Q3, but we think the majority of them have hit in Q2. 
Wes Morris: Yes, Ben, we certainly see the USDA numbers projecting up 1%, but we're seeing the egg sets up, but slaughter pounds relatively flat. Now the good news is I'm very proud of our live performance. We hashed [ 82 34 ] in the quarter, livability is up 50 points year-over-year. And so looking at our live performance and then our S&OP process, our supply-demand group, we're in a good position for the back half of the year to stay balanced, to take care of our customers, and I'm very pleased with our live and supply-demand planning group.  Specifically to Q2 volume, our volume is solid. It's consistent with Q1 and our expectations. Just as a reminder, 2023 is a challenging comparison period. Our pricing is solid. Just as a reminder, we lag a quarter to a quarter plus. And then the other dynamic unique to us is we have quite a few grain-based models that pull pricing down, but it does stabilize our margin. 
Wes Morris: Yes, sure. We're certainly focused on controlling the controllables, and Donnie talked about live operational performance, which includes our network changes. And then probably the biggest change is making sure that we match our supply and demand. We've talked about the lives being better. Our plant performance and network optimization is right on target. Our capacity utilization continues to improve sequentially. We've improved our order fill rate while actually lowering our working capital over $400 million, driven almost exclusively by inventory. Demand solid and '23 is not a very good comp.  Let me add a little more color to valuing up and our path forward. And so we have our new start-up plant in Danville. It is currently single shifted, and I expect due to demand will be double shifted by the beginning of '25. And so we are running a fundamentally stronger Chicken business. We've got strong [ BU ] leadership in place and strong future growth plans. So specific to your question, Q1, Q3 are typically our strongest quarters. So good balance front half and back half, grains have moderated, but are still higher than pre-COVID levels. We continue to watch the total protein availability. Obviously, spring and summer are better growing conditions so that should increase some volumes in the industry.  We're also paying real close attention to the consumer behavior and how that may shift our mix. But we will be doing quite a bit of investing in the back half of the year, and our value-added business, where we have a #1 share in both retail and foodservice. And as I said earlier, we're ramping up Danville well ahead of schedule. If I could, I'd like to just reiterate something that to make it really clear in our Chicken business. Our strategy is very simple. It's live performance, excellence in live performance, it's operational execution and matching supply and demand. It's that simple. 
Wes Morris: Yes, I think I'd say it this way, Adam. In the long term, Tyson is the market leader in the industry, and I would fully expect us to deliver best-in-class results over time regardless of the market conditions, but we still got work to do. 
Wes Morris: Yes, Heather, thank you for your question and asking for clarity. Our volume is in line with our expectations. We are well positioned in supply-demand balance. And we have strong growth plans put in place, and you'll start to see that in the second half. 
Wes Morris: Yes, Ben, I'd say we certainly got more tailwinds than headwinds, and it's really a function of the volatility of the grain market, what ultimately happens in the supply and chicken markets and then the consumer mindset. And then as I've said a couple of times, we do have some go-forward investments in our value-added business in the back half of the year. 
Brady Stewart: Sure, Ben. This is Brady. And thanks for the question. And first of all, I guess, really at a high level, we haven't seen anything relative to any of the industry numbers that have been published that really indicate that true meaningful heifer retention has begun. And so at this point, we can potentially anticipate retention beginning in the fall, but there's some caveats to that. And certainly, as we shift from an El Nino weather pattern to a La Nina, the pasture conditions are extremely important to heifer retention. And there's a potential we could see some drier conditions as well persist. We'll continue to monitor that along with additional metrics around heifer retention and the percentage of heifer that move into slaughter.  And then lastly, one of the promising signs would be we have seen a meaningful decline of the number of cows that are going to slaughter, down double digits from '22 and '23, both and so really, we find ourselves what looks like in the midst of a transition pattern, and we'll continue to monitor to understand the timing of that as we move forward. 
Brady Stewart: Thanks for the question, Tom. Certainly, the compression we've seen on some of the feed stuff has helped move some numbers back to profitability within the industry from a Pork production standpoint, which is certainly good news for our producer partners as well. What we've seen consistently for the last year, which is of importance is we've seen genetic improvement across the entire industry, leading to additional pigs per liter. And when you compound that with the fact that we've seen over the last 10 years, probably the best year relative to true industry herd health. We're seeing ample supply as we move forward as well.  So I'd be speculating if we commented on any potential expansion. But certainly, the environment is set up in a much better position versus last year. But let me be clear, when we look at our business, we really focused on the controllables and have seen good improvements from our Pork business through the first half of the year relative to operational excellence, relative to yields within our assets and relative to our mix management conversions as well. That's really coupled with the fact that we have plenty of runway ahead of us to continue to improve and get better, and that's the expectation as we move forward. 
Brady Stewart: Thanks for the follow-up question there. And we've been pretty consistent with our message over the last few quarters, whereas there is absolutely a variety of expected outcomes here and how we move through relative to supply and pounds. One of the good signs we've seen is we have seen additional weight for carcass. And so that has provided some dilutive effect relative to cost structure, which is one of the concerns as you move through lower supplies, how that translates itself into potentially higher grading cattle is of interest as well, and we'll be monitoring that. But as we looked at the cycle and the potential outcomes of the cycle, we created a strategy that was completely focused on understanding a range of outcomes and how we can provide deliverables within those outcomes as well.  And I'd just say we really appreciate and we like the strategy that we have developed, regardless of the range of outcomes on the supply side. We like the progress we have made year-to-date relative to controlling the controllables, which for us is operational excellence and efficiency within our assets, managing our mix and delivering to our customer, and we like the runway in front of us relative to improvements that we can continue to make as we move through what is going to be a range of outcomes through the cycle as well. 
Brady Stewart: Yes, Heather, thanks for the question. I would say relative to demand, we've seen a fantastic demand on both the Chicken side and the Pork side relative to retail promotional activity as well. While we've seen fantastic demand being driven by that retail and promotional activity, Beef really has not received much promotional activity at all. And so where in the past, as we move into the summer months, you've seen that activity. We'll be watching for that as we move into Q3 to see if we see additional promos, where retail specifically going to drive the consumer relative to any of the proteins. Luckily for us, we're in good shape on the Pork side, good shape on the Chicken side in terms of meeting that customer in those channels as well. 
Brady Stewart: The Beef -- Beef promotion, that's been -- that's really been a calendar '24 story. And again, we'll continue to monitor that as we move through the remainder of the quarter, but we won't provide any additional guidance on Q3 other than what we've provided already. 
Brady Stewart: Thanks for the question, Andrew. And specifically, we talk a lot about beef demand. We talk a lot about beef cutout pricing as well. But also, we need to factor in the fact that drop as a significant amount of value that falls within the beef supply chain and also our largest cost is relative to live cattle costs as well. And so when you really balance the 2 revenue streams, the cutout pricing and the drop pricing and you take that into account with live cattle and where potentially we could see some live cattle pricing going, that really creates the range of outcomes. It's trying to balance those 3, the 2 revenue and the 1 supply cost perspective when we look at particular guidance and the range of outcomes.  But again, we still have plenty to control within Tyson. And we really focus on making sure that we balance the grade of cattle with the demands of the consumer as we move through the cycle as well. We're continuing to see improvements relative to efficiencies and yields. And really, we'll just continue to look at value streams that we can continue to generate to help offset some of these headwinds we have from a margin perspective. 
John Tyson: And Adam, I think -- this is John, just with one final clarifying point. You had a specific question around, can you quantify the operational performance opportunity? I would just say that -- we've got a range of guidance out there. I think that reflects the balance take and the midpoint of that is probably a reasonable place to be for the total company. But we've left things open a little bit on the top side and the high end of all the estimates of the various segments would reflect, at least what we believe to be achievable in our fiscal from an operational improvement opportunity. So I think that's about as much detail as we're intending to provide here. But safe to say, I think we see a lot of opportunities around the portfolio. The guidance reflects what we can get in '24, and we're optimistic about '25 and beyond, too. 
John Tyson: Ben, this is John Randall. Let me try to answer that question. So short version, yes. We're not making any adjustments to long-term outlook on normalized ranges today. We plan to do that maybe as we go through the balance of this year and start to look to '25 and kind of give some color around that potentially. But let me take the opportunity just to talk about the shape of the total -- of the rest of the year for the total company and build on some things that have already been said today.  So I just want to point out that from a total range standpoint, guidance has come above from midpoint to midpoint $350 million. We think that is reflective of the results year-to-date and some of our optimism for the balance of the year. And there's also a range of outcomes in there. And I think that we've -- despite some of the potential signals we see in Chicken around supply and demand, I think there's more tailwinds and headwinds there. I think going to our prepared segment, although we are experiencing some of the consumer behaviors that we've heard so many other companies talk about. I think we feel really good about our portfolio. And we've gotten questions about food away from home, food at home. We're in a pretty good position to win no matter where consumers are shopping.  And I think that you kind of heard us say, hey, Q3 could be softer than Q4. I think I want to just put a point on that, that we see the rest of the year as being fairly balanced, but just with all of the various factors at play and some seasonality in Pork, especially there could be a tweak there, but don't want anyone to overread into that. We don't mean to get so overly precise. There's a lot of factors at play, and I would just emphasize that we're confident about the balance of the year and the midpoint to the guidance we've given. 
John Tyson: Alexia, this is John again. I would say that we typically plan for a little bit of that weather in the quarter. When we talked to you in February, we were pretty early on and had experienced some significant event just at that point, kind of one month in. I would say overall, though, the impacts in the quarter were not so significant that it had a disproportionate impact on earnings. So I think nothing to read into there. 
John Tyson: And to your second question, Alexia, on leverage, not placing a specific number where we expect to exit the year. But safe to say, we're definitely trending towards lower leverage and 2x or below is the long-term target. But that's as much as we can give right now. 
John Tyson: This is John. Let me take that question. So you are right in that we had talked in the past about being responsive to the operating environment and managing cash flows. I would tell you that, first off, we feel good about our free cash flow projection for the year in terms of being in excess of covering our dividend, so just pointing that out. But I would also tell you that the tighter range on our CapEx today, $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion that's really reflective of us determining what are the needs for the business and where are there opportunities for good investment. What I want you to take away from that is we're not turning on and off this big. It's kind of based on our outlook on profitability, but rather trying to return to a normalized level of spend.  And you asked where would be the best opportunities for investment. I think the short answer is that our prepared portfolio and components of our chicken portfolio, where we see the best opportunity for the growing our value-added business, is where we want to continue to invest. And then, of course, we have our ongoing maintenance and repair that's needed. So I think that will probably paint a good picture for you on how we think about capital allocation. 
John Tyson: Yes. Thanks for this question. So let me answer it in two ways. I think, first off, on the network moves that we've made up until this point. We anticipate that we have either recovered all or should recover nearly all of that -- all of the volume in chicken and nearly all of the volume related to our pork moves and the other moves. So I think I just want to be clear that when we talk about that rationalization, we're talking about being more efficient, taking cost out and losing none of the business. So I think that, that is a point we're emphasizing.  The other part of your question was about chicken specifically, and I think that we even talked last year or a couple of quarters ago about the overall capacity utilization. Safe to say, we still got some headroom in our current footprint and would expect to grow with demand in the more profitable parts of our business. And so I think have a positive outlook based on all of the network moves. 
