Dennis Leatherby: Thanks, Ken. Multipart answer. First, I want to say that yes, we are on a new run rate as we continue to grow earnings like we said back half times 2. That would certainly mean more cash flow, and so more options for us to deal with that cash flow. So we want to just reiterate that it's first on growth, CapEx over and above depreciation for our existing businesses, acquisition activity and then returning it back to shareholders. But you're right, cash flow is growing.
Dennis Leatherby: It certainly would be more, Ken. But it depends on what might come in front of it in terms of growth opportunities.
Dennis Leatherby: No. Other than saying, we're off to a good start, I really can't give you any more help than that, Akshay. We're off to a good start.
Dennis Leatherby: Okay. So head up a little bit. You're right, the pullet supply for '14, it is what it is. But we think weights. We're particularly heavy this quarter, and we think weights are going to continue to increase next year, driven, of course, by cheaper grain costs. The reason it's not impacting our results negatively is that we've planned for it. And our buy versus grow strategy will have us buying cheaper raw materials and then upgrading those into value-added sales. And that's our model.
Dennis Leatherby: Ken, this is Dennis. I'd just add that Prepared Foods, were it not for all these turnaround expenses and startups, it would have generated about a 4.5% return on sales, which is, as you know, within our range. We think next year, we're going to continue to improve the business. And the real fruits of this labor will come in '15 and beyond as these businesses build out and fill out, I think they'll be nicely profitable.
Donnie Smith: Sure, Ken. Like we said, we're off to a good start, particularly in Chicken in this fiscal year, which feels really good. I think the things you can have in mind, we feel good about our top line sales growth. We feel good about our value-added sales growth being in that 6% to 8% range. In Chicken, we are heading into a lower-cost environment. A little bit higher supply, but we also think that will be offset with some, call it, pricing halo effect from really high-priced beef and pork this year. So we like the way that the chicken supply and demand fundamentals are setting up. We'll continue to get some tailwinds from grain, moving on through our Q1 and then into Q2. And as Jim said in his comments, we've done a great job with our quality service and innovation, and we think that will pay off in our pricing conversations with our customers because they view our product offering as one that has additional value because of those attributes. If you look at Beef and Pork, it looks like to me that the supply dynamic is set up next year or 2014 to about like 2013. Jim talked about Prepared Foods, certainly, with Houston coming on -- our new technology coming on in December. We expect that business, our lunchmeat business, to get better through the year. So that has the potential to be additive. In our international business, Mexico has been a little difficult for us in the pricing so far this quarter. But that deal seems to be -- the market seems to be firming up a little bit. The supply seems to be -- giving us an opportunity to get our pricing up on top of us a little bit. China is still -- we're still getting better in China as we get more of our housing, in our company-controlled housing, our costs will get better. So as we ramp through the year, we anticipate that part of our business being profitable by the tail end of the year. So it feels like to us we've got some early tailwinds and some possibilities to gain momentum through the year. So that's how we feel about it.
Donnie Smith: Sure, Farha, thanks. A couple of principles that are really important to us is maintaining a manageable minimum of inventory and then the second thing is we never want to get long chicken. We all -- we don't want an excess supply. So our buy versus grow strategy plays into part there. As we look back a couple of years ago, it seemed apparent to us that we needed to use our pricing structure as well, as a way to manage the commodity volatility. Though when you think about our business, we're probably not going to hit the highs during the summer high peaks in the commodity markets. We're certainly not going to hit the lows during the wintertime dips in the commodity markets. And we're going to have a more consistent profile because our pricing profiles are a bit different. In the last couple of years, we've moved about half of our pricing contracts to adjust to either the grain costs or the parts markets. And what that would allow us to do is protect our dollar margins and give us a more stable return in up or down grain markets. That's really our focus, is to present to our shareholders a stable return, I'm going to say almost regardless of what the commodity markets are doing.
Donnie Smith: You're right, Akshay. We only got $45 million. And that's part of the -- that and coupled with what happened in Mexico is the money you're looking for in Q4.
Donnie Smith: Yes, we're -- we should get consistently better quarter after quarter, but China probably won't reach profitability until our Q4.
Donnie Smith: So the tough thing about FY '13 was the financial impact on our business. We were -- about half of our production is in company-owned -- or company-controlled birds now. And our cost structure in those houses is really effective. So we can't get our land-use rights and can't get these farms built fast enough for our taste. And we're doing pretty good. Our initial plan, if you go back maybe 2, 2.5 years ago was to be completely built out by FY '14, by the end of FY '14. We're probably going to miss that by a few weeks. But still, the vast preponderance of our chickens will be in company-controlled housing. So I guess, it's a cost advantage and the uses of marketing advantage. The thing we have seen is the importance of the supply chain that we're developing. And what we've seen in '13, although it's not been great for us financially, it has validated our business model. So we think having a supply chain that is from pullet to plate is very consistent with a lot of cost controls and a lot of bio-security controls is going to be very good for us in '15 and beyond. So what we would see is going into '15, we'd have an advantaged cost structure, we'd have a very unique and very differentiated selling story. And I tell you, I think we've got a great opportunity. Yes, we deal with foodservice QSRs and that kind of thing, but we have a great retail offering in China as well. And we've got the ability to take the Tyson brand across more areas of China and to expand that geographically and have a really strong branded presence. Because as you well know, Tyson Foods has meant trusted food and great quality for years and years in America. We want to bring that as well to China. So we're very optimistic about what happens in '16 and beyond and really looking forward to getting there.
Donnie Smith: Absolutely, in a mature complex. We intend to grow China pretty aggressively. And so we may have 2 mature complexes that are at those levels of margins, and then we may have an immature complex or partnership or that kind of thing that's still coming onstream that would be in the mix as well. But when these complexes get full, just like there's U.S. complex today, we're still confident that they'll carry a very aggressive margin structure about twice of what we see here.
Donnie Smith: And by the way, on the Chicken side, very much intend to grow our business in Brazil, not just in terms of the number of heads processed, but also in our value-added offerings, so very much a growth vehicle there.
Donnie Smith: Well, before we go, I want to thank our team members for all you've done to make 2013 such a great year. And I also like to thank our investors for your continued support of Tyson Foods. Hope you'll have a happy Thanksgiving. And, hey, eat some chicken, beef and pork instead of turkey this year, would you? Thanks, everybody.
Brett M. Hundley: Jim, let me offer my congratulations as well. If I can even offer congratulations on your retirement, I don't know if you can call it that. It sounds like they're going to hold on to you pretty well, but congratulations.
Brett M. Hundley: I wanted to start with Pork. Jim, I thought your comment was very interesting on not expecting shortages at company plants related to PED. And I wanted to work through some of my calculations with you and see maybe if this is how you're thinking about it or just to get further clarity. But when we heard about PED expanding like it has been in North Carolina, we were thinking maybe anywhere from a 3% to 5% potential reduction in headcount, call it, February through April, May, June kind of a thing. However, we're also noticing increased weights, increased litter rates, increased gilt retention. We think there could be stronger demand in periods going forward, potentially related to demand from Asia for U.S. product. And so I had thought that we could see some offsets there. But I just want to get a, to see if you agree with that; but b, what you're really talking about when you state that you don't expect big reductions at your plants.
Brett M. Hundley: Okay, I appreciate that. And then my follow-up is related to pork, but it has implications for other proteins. And certainly, Donnie, you talked about the picture and the outlook for chicken, and I certainly agree with you on the demand side. My only worry would be on supplies potentially building greater than expected. But back to the demand side, we've noticed some recent featuring of Pork items at QSR. And a lot of times, the featuring tends to be temporary. Do you worry at all that this recent activity shows some consumer fatigue surrounding all the chicken featuring that's been done? Or how do you view the demand dynamics going forward through fiscal '14? I appreciate it.
James V. Lochner: Let me start with some of the swine veterinarians that we've talked to around the country, would suggest that about 10% of the sows in the U.S., somewhere a little -- on the 550 -- 550,000 zone might be impacted. And generally, it's thought it might impact 10% productivity on the effective herd. So that quickly equates to about a potential on an annualized basis of 1%. So the key will be just kind of at what points and what locations. But it seems that Oklahoma and North Carolina zones were early impacted, haven't heard yet. Although I'm sure that we expect to see some impact, the upper Midwest and the Corn Belt. But again, if I base it on that, we kind of expect to see that 1% impact could be greater, but we also -- it would maybe just negate the productivity increases we've been seeing. And we -- and I agree with you, I think particularly on the wholesale pricing side that I think the export demand in total will probably start to increase for 2014. And so a combination of containment of potential increases in pounds produced, with exports should be fairly favorable for wholesale pricing increases.
James V. Lochner: Well, let me answer that by saying we are not red right now. They've compressed. But as I said in my remarks and before, we put a tremendous amount of focus on really the -- beating the revenue components through mix, through pricing, through yield, through a variety of other product management. And then we know one thing, the market won't let us buy cattle any cheaper than the market. So we put all our focus on driving revenue and staying in position. We really kind of watch very carefully what the forward demand for cattle -- or excuse me, what the forward supply for cattle availability are and we keep our product sales in reasonably good alignment with that, so that we can manage margins by plant as best we can. And again, all our focus has always been on the execution components within our control. So that's really kind of the play. If you look forward, I think '14 will be very similar to '13, but with a gradual decline in some periods, where the supply is very adequate and some periods where the supply is a little bit more challenging. And that's the essence of margin management, to really see what's out in front of you and make your adjustments accordingly.
James V. Lochner: The other thing you have to really look at, Akshay, is Oct, Nov, Dec period here, year-over-year is up, and we're talking about fiscal. So you're starting with this period with a fairly high increase in pounds. So you've got to get yourself adjusted to the fiscal versus the calendar as well.
James V. Lochner: Yes. The only thing I'd add is we -- as I said in my remarks, we made a lot of conscious decisions. And I think some people sometimes underestimate the startup cost and investment in G&A, putting the right organizational structures, the MAP spend. They don't accrete earnings right away. You've got to bet on them going forward. So that's part of what we saw on the dilution this year and particularly this quarter, as we look at multiple categories. We've got our eye on a lot of things, and this area has a lot of potential and we put a lot of manpower and good talent around it.
James V. Lochner: Let me -- I saw the USDA pounds estimate, you have to factor in the probability of beef cattle slaughter being down appreciably. We're thinking more in the fed steer and heifer, was what we referenced because we don't participate in the other category on the process side, so we don't process cows. And I'm just really basing that off of looking at the prior year calf crops on '11, '12 and '13. And being in that 2% last year, in our fiscal year '13 versus '12, we were down 1.5%. So we're thinking that trajectory is down. If heifer retention starts to accelerate, which it hasn't shown signs of yet, that number changes. If heifer retention doesn't happen, that number could actually lessen. So we're just really basing everything always off the calf crop going forward. And to answer your question, yes, as supply is based on the beef cow and the dairy cow herd and the calf crop going forward, yes, we'll still have overcapacity. There is probably some peripheral plants outside the feeding zones that will struggle. Again, our plant's set right where the bulk of cattle feeding occurs. And so we're fairly comfortable, and we pay very close attention always to the forward supplies and try to keep ourselves in very good balance.
James V. Lochner: Currently, now we expect -- we're -- like Q2 normally would be the tougher quarter. We are fairly pleased as we look back at '13. And we sat here a year ago during the Oct, Nov, Dec period and then went into the Jan, Feb, March period, and we felt like we were struggling. But we came back strong in our last 2 quarters, and I expect pretty much a repeat of that. If we continue our emphasis on controllables, which I'm very pleased that the team there is extremely focused on those, it could be better than that. But we're factoring in some periods that we think that the cattle will be a little bit tighter, and the industry margins as a whole could compress. But we certainly think there's times that they can expand. So that's why really we said we think '14 will be very similar, with the similar challenges that we had in '13. That's the way we look at it.
James V. Lochner: Yes. Totally, definitely, and we did announce that we would curtail, at least for a while, any direct importation of Canadian cattle. And we can always reevaluate that and adjust our SKU count accordingly. But in the interim, we're going to try to simplify the product mix out there. But as a whole, I'd say that the adjustment has happened. And we'll just have to see, and that does take some supply potentially out of the U.S. beef.
James V. Lochner: As beef -- yes, as Brazil imports -- excuse me, exports more beef to more countries and has an increase of supply, that puts a little more pressure on the manufacturing meat. It might indirectly work, where we see more 90 or imported lean beef coming into the U.S. that could potentially offset some of the cow slaughter reduction that's there. So those are always balances that you're walking -- watching very carefully, simply because they do impact raw material costs, they impact the pounds and they impact the utilization of particularly manufacturing beef. And that's why it is a global market. U.S. beef and Brazilian beef don't necessarily compete in like markets for like causes and uses, but they are all in that balance. So, thank you.
James V. Lochner: Let me start with -- no, we did not have any benefit. We just used alternative pricing mechanisms. We gave both buyers and sellers alternatives. If they didn't want to use the alternative formulas, non-USDA reported markets skilled [ph] negotiated, did that on beef and pork as well; did create some disruption for a period of time, but both buyers and sellers, all did adapt and we used traditional or old market reports or negotiated. So had no -- really no impact from that. Lean, finely textured beef, now the volume is still not utilized anywhere close to the same percentage. And quite clearly, going forward, we and others, will clearly label its presence in ground beef. So that, that issue cannot be attacked again. So that's kind of the play on that. Really, again -- in the margin scheme, that's also probably neutralized itself, now probably it has neutralized itself, and we're not seeing any impact one way or the other from it at this stage.
Akshay S. Jagdale: Congratulations, Jim. Hopefully, you're still going to be teaching some classes that maybe someday we can join. But congratulations on a great career.
Akshay S. Jagdale: Okay. It makes sense. But -- so can you give us like a -- I think you had said for fiscal '13, you'd get 80% of the $100 million in losses back, right? So there was going to be an $80 million improvement, if I may, in international? So I guess, we didn't end up with that number. The only reason I'm asking is...
Akshay S. Jagdale: Okay. And then you said Chicken's off to a good start. I mean, can you help me understand what a good start means for you in terms of operating margin? That would be helpful. And then I just have a follow-up on supply.
