Stewart Glendinning: Yes, thanks. We did turn that on Q3 - it was one of the downward levers as we had to dial back in, in the retail space, so it’s already running through the numbers. It’s earlier in the year where you saw the benefit, and the back half of the year you’re going to see the increases, and that’s part of what’s in our guidance.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, this is Stewart, I’ll pick that up. I think in terms of the specifics from M&A, I don’t think we’ve talked to what specific places we’re going to put the money, but let’s just talk about overall our view of capital allocation. First of all, we really feel great about the current position of our balance sheet. Our liquidity was $3.4 billion coming out of the quarter - that was before we took the receipt of the $1.2 billion from pet, and we did repay about $500 million worth of debt subsequent to the end of the quarter, so the balance sheet is very healthy. From an investment standpoint, one of the things that we talked about both in the prepared remarks and in last quarter is that we expect to invest behind our business. We have significant opportunities to invest in expanding our capacity, and I spoke this morning about international, that that will be a growth area for us. The capex that’s going into the international space and new facilities will expand their capacity by 30% when compared to last year - that’s a big deal, and I think when you look at the rest of our business, Donnie spoke this morning about automation, and you’re seeing that both across prepared foods as well as in our chicken business, which will certainly help our labor, it will help our efficiency. Then you look at where we’re putting money in terms of new facilities. Humboldt has gone live, we’ve got a new case-ready facility in Utah that will be coming online shortly, as well as one in South Carolina, so we’ve got a pretty active internal agenda. If something on the outside presents itself that we think makes sense for our investors, then we’ll obviously take a look at that. Hopefully that gives you a flavor for where we’re investing our money.
Stewart Glendinning: Maybe just a couple things. I’m going to just jump in and give you a couple of facts here. Actually if you looked at inflation, the biggest driver for prepared foods as being the input costs of commodities, and of course for prepared foods that mostly is pork, you’ve got that along with the increase in that spend, which I referred to later. In terms of thinking about price, I think what Donnie’s saying is when we think that commodities are going up, or any inputs are going up, we’re going to match that with pricing. That pricing may not follow exactly the track of input inflation, but you also need to think about how that input inflation can move along. When we’ve got labor cost increases which are going into our workforce, you should think about those as more permanent, of course, but you’ve seen these cycles around commodities and you’ll have to take a view of what you think pork, the cost of pork will do over the course of next year. If pork comes off, then that will be a help to us; if pork doesn’t come off, then I think Donnie’s point is that we will continue to take price to match the nature of the cost that’s coming to us.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes Alexia, it’s Stewart. First of all, we feel good about COVID sequentially going down $65 million or so in the quarter, so that’s about half. We’ve seen sort a progressive--the progression has sort of been 50%, but we think over the course of the year the structural costs are going to be counted in around $200 million or more. But understand that’s in our run rate, right, so anything that has become structural, you’re already seeing it’s flowing through the numbers. I wouldn’t think about that in terms of all of a sudden that’s going to be added to next year. A lot of that are the labor increases that Donnie was talking to.
Donnie King: Sure, thanks Ken. As you know, we talked about the fact that this would be phased in starting and completing by, let’s call it fall. That work is underway, and we have converted some of the male stock and we’ve seen some results associated with that. Everything we have seen thus far would be in line with what we expected, and we see no reason to expect any disruption from that. From that standpoint, everything looks good. It looks like it’s on track to deliver what the--the timing that we’ve talked about thus far. 
Donnie King: You bet, Ken. Let me say this, and I think your view of beef, where we had ample cattle supplies and where we had really strong demand, we were constricted in the middle based on labor availability. I talked about this in chicken earlier, but in our beef business it essentially takes us six days to get five days’ worth of work, so the inefficiency associated with that allowed cattle to back up on the ranch and in feed lots. Here’s what we know as we look into ’22. Fed supplies are expected to be down about half a percent, June cattle on feed is projected to be up 1.9%. There has been some herd liquidation in the west and northern plains, which according to Cattlefacts is about 33% of the U.S. cow calf production is in this drought area, but ’22 is looking good. Is it going to be at the same level at which we were--where we are in ’21? Probably not, I don’t think it will be that good. I think it will be better than historical returns, and I’m talking that 1% to 3% which we’ve talked about forever. It’ll be north of that, we think, but we think all in all beef will have a very nice year in ’22.  In terms of exports, to the other part of your question, Asian growth is still solid. U.S. grain fed beef is preferred around the world and, as you mentioned, key global beef suppliers are rebuilding herds in Australia, Brazil and Canada, so all of that is true, so strong export demand for us as well as domestic.
Donnie King: Yes, that’s a great question, Ben. We’re still very proud of our prepared foods business, and if I look at the detail behind this, demand is expected to remain elevated. Retail orders, for example, are up 30% versus pre-COVID levels. Food service is showing a sequential improvement as well. We have seen accelerating and unprecedented inflation, so what do you do about that? Well, we have significant food service pricing already in the market. Retail pricing will be in the market by September 5. Inflation is up about 14% during our 3Q and 9% year-to-date. We’ve had--just like other businesses, we’ve had labor and absenteeism and turnover in the business, we have a number of open positions, so that certainly has made us inefficient, and so we’ve got aggressive pricing going on. Aggressive revenue management and commercial spend management will help mitigate a portion of these inflationary impacts. We’ll have to get more price, but we’re comfortable that over time that our prepared foods is a double-digit business for us, and it’s just costs are hitting us faster that we can get pricing at this point.
Donnie King: Thanks Robert. What you’ve said--I mean, you quoted everything I said earlier, but with retail with the branded portfolio, it can take a little bit longer to get pricing in. We typically don’t disclose that kind of information about when we’d do it, but here’s generally the way we think about this, is that when raw materials--when inputs go up, pricing has to go up, particularly in an environment where we have such rapid and accelerating inflation. We have little choice but to go and to--we certainly have to be competitive, but we certainly have to get pricing to cover the increase in inputs, and we’re doing that and we’re doing that very methodically. We’re looking at all the metrics around that as we do that, but we’re doing it in a very responsible way. Noelle O’Mara and her team are managing that around the clock.
Donnie King: Well food service, from everyone I’ve talked to, based on what we see from a demand perspective is very strong. We’re at or near across all businesses, and some are even above from food service, from let’s call it pre-COVID levels in ’19. I don’t know that anyone fully understands what’s going to happen with the delta variant, and there is certainly some concern about that; but everyone I talk to in food service is optimistic about the future and for their businesses in particular.
Donnie King: Sure, thank you Ben. As we’ve talked a lot, even in our prepared remarks today but they didn’t just start today, the health and safety of our team is our highest priority. If you go back and look even in the beginnings of the pandemic, Tyson did a number of things to protect our team members; in fact, I would tell you we did everything we knew to do to protect our team members, that was our highest priority, to mask mandates to barriers within plants to social distancing to staggering shifts to temperature sensors and health screenings prior to going to work every day. We did everything that we knew to do. With the new vaccine, it’s a new tool. We believe that vaccine is the most effective thing, the most effective tool available today. We’ve studied the data, we’ve researched it to the nth degree, and we’re confident in doing that, and so we mandated that because we thought it would be irresponsible not to do that and irresponsible not to protect our team members in every way that we could.  Now there could be some short term impacts, but I think they certainly will be offset by long term benefit in doing this, so that’s the position that we have taken. It’s out of just an abundance of caution and care for our team members.
Donnie King: Yes, great question Ben. A couple things with respect to that. When we started fiscal ’21, we had plans in place to increase our harvest head based on capacity utilization, based on demand that we already had, and with the hatch issues, certainly that created a shortfall in terms of head for our business, and then we’d go outside and start buying. As we have changed this male out and we are starting to see results of that, that will ultimately end up in more head for us to harvest, which is exactly our plan to--we already have that product sold, but I would expect as we move into ’22 and beyond, that you’ll see our capacity utilization increase at Tyson from a harvest perspective, and all that will be in service to supporting our value-added branded portfolio.
Donnie King: Sure Adam, I think you described it very well and in a lot of ways even answered this. You talked about based on what you saw, that it was 84%. Well, obviously 84% capacity utilization in a protein business is not a good number - we acknowledge that. It certainly has cost implications for your product and in fact can keep you uncompetitive in that space, so we acknowledge that. There is a number of--we need a number of head, you can do the math on how much outside meat we’re purchasing based on volume, and you could probably convert that to head. I mean, one of the things that we could--the quick math would tell you is that being able to run those products through our plants and being able to debone those chickens and go into our further processed assets, and at the same time get credit for all the by-products through the ingredient solution group and then have the ability with our One Tyson approach to being able to sell export leg quarters and paws and so forth, along with just the further processing volume increases that we would get, all of that adds up to a much better cost scenario and a much better performance in our chicken business.
Donnie King: Yes, great question Adam. As we look at Prop 12, it’s about 4% of total production - that’s not significant for us today. Tyson is currently aligning and incentivizing suppliers where appropriate. We can do multiple programs simultaneously, including Prop 12, so it’s not something we’re excited about but we can align suppliers and we can certainly provide the raw material to service our customers in that way.
Donnie King: There is a pretty significant increase and a pretty significant cost increase associated with that, but in a lot of respects the market is doing its job. Based on availability of labor as being in shorter supply, it’s going up and I don’t see any reduction in that. We believe we’re in a good place. We believe we are at the top of the market, if you will, in terms of jobs similar to this. We certainly are very competitive in all the communities where we have assets producing protein, so we’re comfortable with where we are but it certainly has increased.  But in order to get people into your production location, it’s more than just wage. I want to make that clear. We have to do other things, and I outlined a number of those things that we’re doing around childcare, transportation, onsite clinics, providing a safe place to work, flexible shifts and number of shifts in a week. It’s a combination of all those things and doing all those things well, so when you hear us talk about being the most sought after place to work, those are the type of things that we have to do in order to be able to service our customers and grow our business.
Donnie King: Thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We hope you and your families stay healthy and safe, and we’ll look forward to speaking again soon. Have a great day.
