Donnie Smith: Yes. A couple of parts. Let me take the first one. Yes, we do expect to see pricing improve in Q3 versus Q2 and forward into 4. Certainly, market's given us a good bit of help there. Looking on into '14, if you look at the pullet numbers -- and by the way, the amount of eggs that are going to Mexico, really don't see that supply is going to change much until -- timing would tell you sometime around late Oct, Nov and then of course, then you're going into the Thanksgiving and Christmas market slowdown. So it wouldn't make sense for us to do anything on supply going into that period. So really feels like you'll carry a lot of momentum into '14 and on end of -- front half of the calendar part of the year.
Donnie Smith: Yes, it sure has, Ryan. I'd say it probably pushes out that breakeven mark for a quarter or 2. Still in our sights, though. In terms of the business operations, we're getting our houses built on time just like we thought we would. By the end of the year, we'll have about half of our production in company-owned housing. That will feel really good going into the plants. So whereas I thought maybe we'd be there in Q4, it's likely to be maybe Q1 or Q2 now '14. But you should expect sequential year-over-year continued improvements in international. This year, our international results minus the impairment in China, so let's call it an adjusted international results number, will be markedly better than last year and then you'll see another improvement, we believe, going into '14.
Donnie Smith: Let me address that. First of all, the north style does make the Hedgers Edge, which is one number, a little bit more difficult to interpret. But yes, we did have some specific, particularly related to our normal premiums for what we call the premium grades. And we saw the softness in demand, which put pricing pressure on that. And we usually lag how we pay for cattle based on what the lagging premium grades warrant. And we weren't rapid enough to correct that and pushed that premium for the higher-end grades, the Angus approach, as even the prime were all soft. And so we didn't adjust that fast enough and that was particularly as well in the northern tier where the cattle did trade higher. So we really got hit specifically in our northern tier plants with higher price beef relative to what the beef warranted, as well as paying more than we should have for the premium grade. So we've got -- we've had that corrected. And then we're working through getting our operational cost issue that I referenced in a couple of plants. I'm comfortable that we'll get our arms around that and push forward to get ourselves back where we normal are in Beef.
Donnie Smith: We're expecting, yes, to be in the high end, and we expect domestic Chicken to do very, very well on this back half of the fiscal year. Again, we're seeing the pricing where we want it, our operational efficiencies were set up very well and understanding our demand and supply, so we're in very good balance -- at least, we anticipate to be in very good balance on what we know today. We're seeing a tremendous amount of features at foodservice on chicken products and we're also seeing the same follow-through so far into early Q3 here with chicken at retail continuing to show a demand shift away from beef. So we're very encouraged with the back half on Chicken in fiscal '13. And I do believe it will carry right on into '14 the way the supply structure is set up currently.
Donnie Smith: Well, it is now, actually. And if I think back a mere quarter ago when that was just announced, the enthusiasm was very high. And I fully well know that the lag time to get the supply chain and get the customer base reestablished into Japan would take some time, and it did. So we didn't really see any positive benefit through the Jan, Feb, March period to speak of, although in March it started to heat up on the shipment side and we're starting to see supply chain be reestablished. In fact, the U.S., when I look at March, popped up 28%. Now we got a very high share of that. In fact, when we track our numbers, our Tyson share into Japan was up at -- up 95%. So we feel pretty good, as well as the market for the non-muscle cuts starting to -- the interest is starting to expand there. But it's going to take a little bit more time than what everybody originally thought and markets never move and demand never moves as fast as one wants. But I'm very encouraged with what I see going forward from the Japanese market on beef exports.
Donnie Smith: Well, I think the -- from our margin perspective, I'm very positive. Again, once we get through this typical April, May is usually your tighter supply, there may be some pressure on the wholesale prices. But I think that's largely built in that lack of domestic disappearance. Your exports has already adjusted. So I think the balance will be there. And I actually expect us to come through and end the year very strong in Pork margins. But there won't be -- I don't think we'll see the robust pricing that we saw in prior years either.
Donnie Smith: Well, I probably shouldn't comment on what a QSR might do. But let me talk about wing supply. Typically this time of the year, prices are going to fall. You get out of the past March madness, you're going to see prices drop. I'm grateful wings currently trade, what, upper 120s, low 130s, that kind of number. And that's probably $0.25, $0.30 a pound above what the 4-, 5-year average would be for this time of the year. So I still think -- I like where wings prices are. And typically what will happen, Ken, is folks like us, you get into the kind of the latter part of the summer deal and you know you're going to have a big wing season coming up, so you call it -- these through March. Folks will start buying wings and further processing those and putting those in inventory to get ready for big retailer, foodservice features that are going to be coming during the next wing season. Because you're going to sell a whole lot more wings during wing season than what you could produce. So it gets a little soft this time of the year. It firms up. I'm sure if there's a QSR that's working on a promotion that there's going to be plenty of wings to supply that, it may mean that wing prices are firmer next wing season, but we'll deal with that then.
Donnie Smith: Yes. Most of what -- well, what I was quoting was probably the medium wing market, which is what we do. Yes, jumbo would be about $1.10.
Donnie Smith: A little bit of that rise, when I look back at it -- because we got hurt in the margins in Feb through March on that decline, and then they start to shore back up and that relationship came back together. But as of late, bellies were running. They corrected back. They were running up fairly sizable on increases as well as those hams, and loins were starting to show kind of a seasonal increase. So I was actually very -- maybe not surprised but, I guess, gratified. I'm seeing the shore up in pricing and the increase suggesting again maybe that the retail consumption and overall demand were starting to show some strength, particularly as we said before because this cold spring I do think has had a very negative influence on just purely the grilling rates. So maybe that's the sign.
Donnie Smith: You got really 2 things. Number one, the construction process, we can build the houses. There's plenty of folks over there, plenty of construction companies that can build the house. Obtaining the land use rights is a bit of a bottleneck. And then when we opened up a new farm site, which may have up to 8 to 10 chicken houses on it, we'll double staff that site, and then train the next, if you would, live production crew for the next farm site that will open. So we're handling our training issues. It does impact cost a little bit, not dramatically, but it does impact our cost a little bit. But the land use rights is the most difficult bottleneck.
Donnie Smith: Oh yes, definitely. Our Mexican operation is having a really good year. By the way, Brazil is profitable and doing very well, still pretty small but doing very well. So yes, that's -- what we were expecting to see was the China group being breakeven or profitable at the -- during our fourth quarter. Don't look like that's going to happen now, but we do believe Mexico and Brazil will be more than making up the gap.
Donnie Smith: Rob, I -- as I look at industry benchmarking data, which we've participated in, I would tell you that the majority of the industry is making money. Probably 80% or so of the industry ought to be profitable, at least at the operating margin level. And we continue, and now for months and months, operate in the top quartile of the industry.
Donnie Smith: We have a complex that, as we looked at it, in order to get that complex to, let's call it perform at a level that we would have been happy with, the capital required to do that was going to be better spent in other ways. So our team over there did a thorough analysis of what it was going to take to get this complex to a level that we would have been happy with it long term. And it just -- it felt like to us -- or it didn't feel like to us, the numbers showed us that money would have been better spent put into other areas, so that's what we chose to do. But when we did that, it forced us to take an impairment on that complex.
Donnie Smith: Yes. So the answer to your first part of your question is, yes, very much so. If you look at our quarter on an adjusted basis, year-to-date, we've absorbed $335 million in incremental feed ingredient cost. And I think on an adjusted basis, we're probably...
Donnie Smith: $241 million year-to-date. So $64 million better than the runway from a year ago on an adjusted basis. So that's -- in my opinion, that's really, really good. We're taking a lot of momentum into the back half of our year. Pricing feels good now. We're not a commodity player, but we do have features and lots of things that price off higher commodity market. So in a summertime kind of environment, we may not ever get to the high of pure commodity players, but you also won't see the lows during the other parts of the year either. But, yes, Akshay, I think, you've got a good read on it. We've got a great back half lined up. And when I say we're off to a really good start, what I'm talking about is that our margin structure is better than what we planned it would be going into this year. We've been saying since, well, since a month after the -- our last call when we started talking about Q2 being a little tougher than we thought, we've been talking about a strong back half since then, and our margin structures came in a little better than that. So we feel really good.
Donnie Smith: Yes, you are reading that correctly. And here's the deal. There's been a mix change, with the economy being a little softer, we've seen our mix change more chopped and formed than whole muscle, what we would normally see. And so that mix change, the products sell for cheaper, but don't think that translates necessarily into the cost -- into the margin structure because it doesn't. So while our revenue per pound is down, our margin per pound is not. It's just a mix change to a more chopped and formed basis. And also, too, although we've had significant pricing improvements in our fresh business, our fresh items, which might not carry the same revenue per pound as further process, fully cooked, whole muscle breast item, for example, still, we're running a great business there. And so the revenue per pound might not be up but our margin structure is really good. So I'm very happy there.
Donnie Smith: Yes. And one of our emphasis there is growing our value-added sales. So yes, very much. We're happy with our Brazilian assets and are going to grow them.
Donnie Smith: Not so much. Our lunchmeat issues are wholly our own. We're spending a lot of money down in Houston getting that facility to a point that we need it to be. And when you're going to have an extended shutdown to change a lot of equipment out, we're having product co-packed and working through all the supply-chain issues to make sure we take care of our customers and all that. And that adds quite a bit of cost into the supply chain. We'll work through all that over the next 4, 5, 6 months. And we think by the time we get into Q1 of '14, our lunchmeat business is going to be operating where it needs to.
Donnie Smith: That's correct. And I do think that the back half of '13 is indicative of the kind of performance that we should certainly carry into '14 and probably sustain. Now you know, Ken, you know all of the fundamental issues and corn crop and all that stuff. But what we can see, there we go.
Donnie Smith: Well, hard to quantify because our team is busy minimizing that impact as we speak. But I can tell you in the Prepared Foods, there's 2 things that are really impacting that segment. Number one and the biggest majority of it is our lunchmeat business, which we're working on. Number two is we had pretty soft foodservice demand in Q2. And it felt particularly heavy in our Prepared Foods business. Now we've got an -- a lot of new products that we're working on and a lot of things we're doing there. I tend to think that, I would say -- I tend to think that our Prepared Foods group will perform a little bit better in 3 and 4 than it did in 1 and 2. When we went through our quarter, I told them to quit digging a hole, and I think we're there. But it may -- as we start into the quarter, it -- I think they're just now at the point to where they're getting the grip on the rope like we need them to. So I think the worst is over there, but I don't think we're going to fill in the hole very much in the back half.
Donnie Smith: Before we I go, I just want to reemphasize that we're still on track for an adjusted EPS that exceeds last year's. For the first half of the year, we're at $0.84 adjusted versus $0.86 last year, and we've done that with an incremental $335 million in feed costs. Tyson Foods is on pace for another very good year. So I want to thank you all for joining us today, and have a great day.
James V. Lochner: Yes. The only thing I'd add is yes, the short term here, we've seen demand but there's some sort of long-term structural changes that appear to be in place, particularly when you think about the wet market eliminating all live bald chicken and other follow other market. And you're seeing that fragmented independent producers that got hurt hard and the antibiotic issues in November, December followed with this, so we expect to see a reduction in that independent fragmented supply chain, which actually will position us on the rebound very well because we haven't backed off anything on our company-owned control production. So actually, the silver lining will be out front yet. So we're comfortable with it.
James V. Lochner: The snow in May is a surprise to everybody. But I don't think that's really negatively impacted the cattle supplies, if anything, maybe slowed down the availability slightly. But that will quickly rebound. We'll have those clearly available through the balance of May, June, July, August. So I expect actually Beef to be much like last year with a very, very strong back half and it certainly set that way -- set itself up that way. And I do think the cold weather has hurt consumption until recently when we've seen the cutoffs start to rebound here in the last week or so. So yes, I think the demand and again, we always make money in the slope of change. So when Beef revenues are under pressure and they're declining, the cattle costs have to correct down to it. And vice versa, when the positive revenues are going up, the cattle costs tend to lag it up. So we're in that mode right now with fairly ample supplies coming at us. The ractopamine, any time you lose a market and you create more domestic availability, you put pressure on wholesale prices, and that did have some impact on Beef and it clearly had some impact on the Pork wholesale prices because that domestic availability, as I referenced in Pork, did go up 3.5% on a nominal increase in production pounds. So a loss of markets does influence those wholesale prices, which ultimately influences the value of hogs and cattle.
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add is the strength in the breast meat term prices probably are also long term going to be supportive of the wing because you won't have the ability to go chase a lower meat lock-in in the boneless breast meat contribution to the boneless wings.
James V. Lochner: Yes. We're clearly headed into that zone right now. And I expect it to be similar and maybe even a bit stronger than the back half last year, just because April started out so much better than a year ago. A year ago, April was a real tough segment in Beef. If you recall, we had some issues relative to the ground beef segment and overall demand. We're not facing that this year. The biggest obstacle we've had is cold weather and consumption. But that -- again, that seems to be turning around now. And we came through March and April in very good shape. That's why I'm very confident back end of the back half of -- or the second half of the year that we'll be very comparable or probably perhaps better. A lot of moving parts, but I certainly don't see any impediments on Beef. And then the strength, I think, I'm a little more encouraged with Japan going forward than I would have been a quarter ago because we were early into that game. So I'm seeing enough positive signs.
James V. Lochner: In Feb, we thought the back half would track there. And if the cutout corrects because of any demand issues, which I don't anticipate we're going to see that degree of correction. But if it does, you're coming in at the time of the year with the most plentiful supply. So you get the price of Beef to the price of cattle relationship, this is the best time of the year to be doing that with the supply coming at. So the cutout will be, as it always is, really a function of what the consumption is against the weekly supply. And that's why we really pay such close attention to what meat is disappearing and try to keep our offering as -- in balance with what we have within our plants and what we see our cattle supply and what we see the beef supply or beef demand and consumption going forward. But this is the time of the year generally and historically, if you look back, this back half is usually our -- the Beef packing's strongest time frame. So even if the price pressure is on there, I think we'll get back into -- in the back half approach what I said on normalized, or get within normal.
James V. Lochner: Now the big change is in Houston as we modernize that. But the other lunchmeat plants in that group have also added some new modern equipment to improve yields and labor efficiencies. We really just needed to get more equipment, get -- to get our sales more efficient and improve our yield and improve our overall quality. So that also applies to a less dramatic way in the other plants other than Houston. So I expect, like Donnie, to improve into this back half.
James V. Lochner: Let me start. And that still boils back down to what we've seen in the perishable data and other sets where beef consumption has been dropping, which has put price pressure generally on the wholesale cuts but not necessarily at the retail. So that's been the strength of chicken's demand. And I don't know that I agree with, personally, some of the forecast I saw on the overall because they're all predicated on exports being down. I don't particularly see chicken exports declining going forward. And I think pork decline in exports has already been built in. So -- and I believe we've seen those wholesale prices adjust. So in other words, I think the beef-chickens switch has happened, and that will continue to support the Chicken segment.
James V. Lochner: Yes, that and the fact that if you look at the infrastructure, the pullet placements and the ability to rebound supply quickly, it isn't in there. And you look at the egg sets to hatch, the egg sets to hatch and you're seeing more aged hens and less productivity as well. So you're seeing enough signs that the supply chain will struggle to keep up. And even though the -- again, the real wildcard has been on the pork exports but I think that's largely built in.
