Donnie Smith: The underlying fundamentals that would go into our plan would basically be the numbers you see USDA putting out. We look at various different analysts and then kind of average all that. So, yes, if you -- anyways -- so we just use the average of what those analysts were, and it's really, for us, Ken, about pulling the levers that we know we can pull in our business. We mentioned increased operating efficiencies, but -- growing our value-added. We are being successful in price increases. Our customers seem to understand that these higher grain prices are going to require higher prices. We continue to change the structure of a lot of our pricing agreements. Our fixed-price exposure -- annual fixed-price exposure is going to be single digits after the first of the year. So you combine those kind of things and, Ken, that's how we can be so confident about getting better in 2013.
Donnie Smith: Yes. I mean -- well, first of all, if you look at the last couple of quarters, you've had corn in excess of $7 delivered; you've had soybean $450 plus, close to $500 delivered; and our domestic Chicken business had a 5.7% return on sales in Q4 and a 5.1% for the year. So yes. I mean, I think if you look at our 1%, 1.5% down in production, whatever the USDA number is on 2013, and our current view of grain prices, sure. We should be very comfortable, very high confidence level in our ability to deliver these results.
Donnie Smith: It could be, Ken. For us -- hey, 2014 is a long -- pretty far out there to be talking about. But, yes, I mean, I think at least 10% ought to be in everyone's mind across all of our business. Remember, you -- we got to keep remembering we're a $33-billion multi-protein company, not a $33-billion chicken company, right? But yes, I can't argue with you.
Donnie Smith: Ken, that's a great question, and frankly, it's one that we spend a lot of time talking about around here. I think the difference is the foundation that's been built. When we talk about our strategy of accelerate, innovate, cultivate, we always do so based on a platform of fundamental execution -- fundamental executional excellence, operating efficiencies, lean thinking, continuous improvement, that type of thing and leveraging a strong balance sheet. It's taken 3 long, hard years to get our balance sheet back in order. During those 3 years, we knew that we needed to build a strong platform of functional excellence. And we've done that. I mean -- hey, there's always room to improve, and we embrace lean thinking and continuous improvement. So we will never say we're there. But I can tell you that every person at Tyson Foods understands that we cannot ever take our eye off the ball, and we've got to keep that firm foundation in place as we now build on it new platforms, new product offerings. And the thing that gives us, it's an idea of the proper cost structure of that new platform because now, we know what good looks like. So great question. And all I could draw you to is notice the difference in the last 3 years and then layer upon that good cost structure growth in value-added, not only in poultry, but also in our Prepared Foods business. And I think we can start seeing a pretty bright future.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Good question. So a couple of things. We think we have 3 things to leverage: raw materials; resources; and very importantly, relationships. Over the last 3 years, we've rebuilt a lot of customer relationships that were suffering. And frankly, we've done that by providing the kind of quality, service and the innovative capability that our customers need to grow their business. One thing, too, that we've not done is we've not cut our R&D expense. So we've been working on new packaging, new cooking technologies, new ingredient technologies. And these kind of things, as our customers see them, they see us as a supply partner that they definitely need to keep in the mix. And based on the fact we're not giving them any excuses not to do business with us, we like the fact that we're getting the kind of price that we need commensurate to the value that we're adding to their business. In terms of new platforms, as we move forward, we'll be adding products in our Better For You line. Some of those may be using whole grain breading, gluten-free type products. I think you'll also see us making some strides in ethnic -- in our ethnic offerings in Mexican food, in Asian. Jim mentioned in his call or in his script our handheld category, and we're adding some innovation into our handheld category. So several different lines of products that we'll be introducing this year or upgrading our product mix or adding some incremental innovation to -- that will continue to drive value. And our focus is on adding value to our customers' business. And as we do that, they pay us for the value we add. So we stay focused on that. So I think those are a few of the reasons that might give us some confidence in our ability to cover that incremental cost of, say, round numbers, $600 million that's coming at us this year.
Donnie Smith: Sure. It comes down to the customers' choice, and customers typically choose those who can bring the type of innovation into their business that they need in order to grow their business. So like I mentioned before, we've not cut our R&D expense. As a matter of fact, we've added to it a little bit. We've added to the ranks of our marketing teams. And so we're in front of customers, helping them with solutions that will grow their business. And so when there's a choice of who to use as your supply partner, as long as you don't have quality and service issues, most will choose that innovative partner that can help them grow their business. That seems to be the case with us. Also, let's not minimize the value of our buy-versus-grow strategy. Because in a pricing discussion, we're not selling any excess on the market today. And frankly, there's been a few opportunities toward an RFP, although we would have liked to have continued to be that customer's supply partner, we've walked out of the RFP just because the pricing got too cheap. And as long as you're buying your raw material, in our case, primarily breast meat, although not exclusively breast meat -- as long as you're buying that raw material and you're not excess product, then you're able to hold on to your price stream. So I think the value of our buy-versus-grow strategy also allows us to be more effective in a pricing discussion.
Donnie Smith: Yes. So what we've done, in Donnie King's business, primarily, our poultry and Prepared Foods business, we've actually -- as we look at our segments, we have some business units inside those segments. And we've kind of called certain business units commodity business units because a lot of their mix is commodity. Not all, but a lot. And then other business units are in the more value-added category. And I'd say, today, in Donnie King's business, and that's probably around a $15-billion business or so, your 60 -- low 60s percent is the value-added piece of that. Now our task over time is to have more and more of the sales in his business as being value-added. Now let me hasten on to say that we also have value-added categories in Beef and Pork as well, and then our international business will continue to grow. And as we get those -- more and more company-owned birds and away from these wholesale markets that we're so dependent on today, our margins will improve substantially in our international business, too. So when you put all that together, Ryan, I think that's how you get to that, call it, 3.5% growth for the total, is that you're really growing your value-added segments and your international segment a lot faster.
Donnie Smith: Directionally, you're right. It was about $105 million for the year, and about $15 million of that was the write-off that we mentioned. So call it right at $90 million on an operating basis, end of the year.
Donnie Smith: Yes. Tim, you're dead on. Our current plan calls for us to reduce those losses by 80% in FY '13 and then for the business to continue at that growth rate and be positive in '14 and beyond. As we look at our international business, about 25% of the chicken that's going to market today is out of company-owned housing. And so the product offering we have and the price spread between that product offering and the wholesale offering, which our wholesale offering is based on market birds, that spread is at or above what our pro forma was when we began our international approach. So the bottom line is we just can't get there fast enough, and it's all about getting chicken houses built. We've got a great quality offering. The food safety is there that we're looking for. So all the pieces are in place; it really is just a matter of getting as much of that production into company-owned housing as we can, as fast as we can. So take 80% of that $90 million this year and add that, and then keep that growth rate going into '14 and '15. And you'll -- the math you'll probably see out there that you might question is, "Wait a minute. That kind of looks like you're in maybe low double-digit earnings in your poultry business in China," and that's right. We don't -- Brazil is a little bit more mature and frankly, we've got more work to do to get into more of a value-added mix in Brazil. But we have added a new sales leader in our Brazilian poultry business, and we continue to back them up with great R&D resources there and out of the U.S. So we feel comfortable we're going to get there, but our margin expectations would be a little better in -- well, would be better in China than in Brazil.
Donnie Smith: $115 million this year, which was short of our $125-million target. But our team worked hard, and so we see another $100 million coming there. The international improvements, that's going to be, what, $70 million, $80 million, something like that. That's a big number. Hey, reduced interest expense is going to help on the EPS basis. We are getting price and mix improvements. We've got a lunchmeat that we will be fixing this year, and I mentioned a little earlier in the call some CapEx going into an important part of that business. We will probably see, we think, less market disruption issues this year, for example. I don't have in the plan another LFTB issue, and that cost us some money. And also, we probably could have done a better job in Q1 and the very, very early stages of Q2 last year on our managing of the choice select spread. I mentioned some other missteps in our domestic business, frankly, in Q1 and Q2. We left quite a bit of money on the table in our wing business, followed by, by the way, an encore presentation in Q3 with messing up on our buy-versus-grow and being a little too dependent on the outside markets, which got us above the law of diminishing returns on our breast meat trim. And that cost us quite a bit of money. So -- and then again, coming to the new market -- coming to the market with these new platforms. So there are quite a few levers to pull there, Tim. And you add all that up and we bridge the gap. So that's how we're seeing the year.
Donnie Smith: So for our planned years, we have like a 1%, 1.5% decrease in production. Whatever the USDA's showing, that's what we're using. Now on our ability to be able to pass along that increased cost, our buy-versus-grow strategy really does reduce our exposure to the volatility in the commodity pricing, the commodity pieces of this business. So when you take that and you combine that with our mix changes and our ability to take price increases, I don't -- we're not going to be dependent on the market necessarily for our future. It really is about reducing our exposure to the commodity side with our buy-versus-grow strategy and improving our value-added mix.
Donnie Smith: Yes. There's always a few things that happen that are unexpected in any given year. And as I said here today, it's hard to tell what unexpected things are going to hit us in '14. But we feel comfortable that with the foundation we've laid and the balance sheet we've got and the team we have in place, that we're going to be able to not just overcome the hills and the challenges that come, but also be able to grow our business and grow our EPS with all the levers we have to pull, and with the innovation that we can bring to the market. So yes, I think you're thinking about it right.
Donnie Smith: Yes, we meant -- I'm sorry, we meant by the end '14, which you would see fully in the '15 year. Now, Akshay, that is dependent on us staying on track with our current housing plan, but I see no reason to believe we won't do that. So yes.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Good question. So number one is we felt like -- that we needed to build some credibility. Because as we go out and talk to investors, '08 and '09 continues to come up. Well, I think 3 years of solid results in the face of, gosh, in the last 2 years, $1 billion of incremental grain cost and all of the things that we mentioned on our list in the script prove that we have laid a solid foundation. But it's not about just having a solid foundation; it's about building a house, right? And so the way -- what we got to do is we've got to accelerate our growth, and we've talked about doing that in value-added, we've talked about doing that in the Prepared Foods segment and in our international. And a big component of that is having the right innovative capability, not just in new products, but also in processes and analytics and packaging and ingredients and those kinds of things. We have those resources, and now it's time to put them to use. So we think we have the credibility because we've built a 3-year foundation, and part of our culture says we're going to do what we say we're going to do. Well, you got to say you're going to do something in order to do what you say you're going to do. So now we've said what we're going to do and, over the next 3 years in this horizon, then we'll do what we say we're going to do. So that's really what it's been about, Akshay.
Donnie Smith: Okay. I think I got it. So first of all, on the outside purchases, we were running around 60 loads a week or so, give or take 5, something like that. It's hard to say what the true dollar value of that is other than this: we don't have excess to sell, which always sells a whole -- well, frankly, it sells at what we buy this outside meat for, and I'd a lot rather be buying it because we're buying below cost and selling it. And then number two is you get incremental price courage because you've already adjusted your cost -- plant cost footprint to a couple of complexes of breast meat below where you are, and by the way, we have a good cost structure even though we run it at below -- well below plated capacity. So that's how we look at the outside purchases. As far as going forward, I see no reason to believe that the meat won't be out there. And again, it's a buy-versus-grow strategy. If meat starts drying up and we need more, we can adjust. But I see no reason to believe that the amount of meat that we'll be looking for on the outside market won't still be there. As to the other costs in our grow-out cost, it's primarily 2 things: grower cost, which went up; and our chick cost, which went up. Now I'll hasten on to say there were fairly good improvements in a lot of the other costs like feed conversion and our -- some of the other aspects of our live production. Our live production team in poultry has done a fabulous job, but those 2 cost factors did go up. So I hope that helps.
Donnie Smith: Yes. We typically, in the Tyson brand, have a mid-tier offering. By the way, 5, 6 lines of chicken lunchmeat, which are doing very well where they're offered today, and then we complement that of course with other traditional lunchmeat items. So a mid-tier offering typically on the Tyson brand. And we're also a large private label lunchmeat supplier. So as you hear a bit about the share battle between the brands and private label, we pack a lot of private label lunchmeat.
Donnie Smith: Tim, those are great questions. But I tell you, I'm a little uncomfortable talking very much about the opportunities. We -- I can tell you this. We do have a bit of activity in both international and domestic markets. But as far as getting very specific about those, I just don't feel comfortable commenting about that. I want to thank everyone for joining us today, and I hope everybody has a very happy Thanksgiving. We'll see you later.
James V. Lochner: Yes. The key is, I had in my prepared remarks, we've put a tremendous amount of effort and focus behind trying to beat the wholesale prices through added value. So it's a combination of specialty trimmed sub-primals, it's in steak cutting, it's in case-ready, it's in pricing analytics, and we spend a lot of time focused on what that forward short-term supply is so we can keep ourselves in balance. And then we also really put a tremendous amount of effort on a lot of metrics driven towards revenue-to-efficiency metrics. So the combination is just running what I'd call a very smart business, knowing that the supply has come down. Ironically, if you look over the last 5 years -- the last 5-year average, by the way, is almost like 1.8%. There's only been 1 year it's been up in 5 years. So that 2% to 3% is about what we've been experiencing the last 5 years. So it's a tremendous amount of detail on a whole bunch of issues and continuing to have that value-added above the wholesale market prices.
James V. Lochner: We think that we can continue to navigate through the margins. We do expect the supply -- the calf crop projection for '12 continues to tell us that we'll continue to see that supply reduction. And again, as I answered earlier, that's the continued emphasis on trying to add value across the board, and we did drop our market share. We really worked hard at adding the value and working on overall gross margin. I can't project what will happen across the board in the industry, but our plants do sit where the better feedlots appear to be. And we've seen the last Cattle on Feed flow back kind of into that Nebraska, Iowa region.
James V. Lochner: Well, first of all, generally, if you look back in history, cattle cost and revenue are very highly related. So as the cut-out and drop credit moves up and down, the cattle cost over time will get fairly correlated back to that. So I always remind people that we make money in a spread business like beef packing and the slope could change. And then on top of that -- and that USDA reported cut-out is the strongest relationship; thus, our whole thrust to always try to beat that relationship through value-added pricing, timing, et cetera. I don't know that the price -- we've heard repeated years that we're going to hit the ceiling, and we seem to break through it into higher overall cut-out every year, which simply says to me that even though we've had some demand destruction, what we're seeing is that the supply reduction really is at a slightly faster rate than the demand destruction because we keep moving to higher prices. At what point that hits a true ceiling, I don't know. My theory is simply that people who want to buy beef, buy beef, and the price point isn't the major deterrent. And ground beef is a staple, and ground beef pricing has continued to go up year-over-year. So the short answer is, I don't know that we're going to see a true price ceiling, and our job is to navigate through that in the spread business.
James V. Lochner: Actually, we do think that, that will be supportive to pricing, but it's not necessarily built into our -- in how we look at fiscal '13's operating income. Just like cost access, we don't really look at that as anything other than it affects the slope of the change, so...
James V. Lochner: No, other than we continue to see and we continue to operate our plants at fewer hours. So we're just focused on really what our immediate supply base is, and we try to make sure that we plan our work according to what that forward supply looks like it's going to be out in the 4- to 8-week zone.
James V. Lochner: Yes. The only thing I'd add is we're very attentive to not losing focus on the basics, and we really preach very hard about the 40-60 rule. You got to be looking forward, but you can't spend all your time looking forward and not take care of your basics. But on the contrary, you can't spend all your time in your basics and not look forward. So we call it the management balance rule, which is the 40-60 rule, because I think your point is well taken, and we certainly have read enough history and know our own history that you can never lose sight of that basic balance. And so we will keep our focus on the basics. Don't -- you can be assured of that.
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add to that is the raw material inflation we've seen over time has been our opportunity to diversify that portfolio with chicken as a base material and to add more value to our raw materials.
