Thomas Hayes: Okay. Thanks Stewart. Our retail Core 9 outpaced total food and beverage volume though it did decline slightly. Total Tyson retail declined 1.3%, while volume dip negative dollars performance was positive, pricing that wasn’t intentionally moved ahead of our peers was a primary driver of the volume decline. Within the Core 9 volume stock, this was driven by two specific retail categories hot dogs and poultry. In hot dogs, we executed our profit improvement plan that saw expected volume declines driven by strategic pricing. Share declines were based on more aggressive competitive pricing during the Memorial Day period, but more recent share performance has been improving. In retail value added poultry, volume declines were also driven by more aggressive competitive activity during what is traditionally the slowest quarter for this category. Our focus in the back half of the year has been on winning the strategic back-to-school season and it's already off to a strong start. Other retail paltry volume challenges were driven by a declining frozen raw poultry category as consumers continue to move to fresh poultry. In the retail channel innovation is important and we have introduced several new products focused on convenience. In the early days in the market, Jimmy Dean Protein Packs and Jimmy Dean Eggwichs are doing well with consumers. Refrigerated Ball Park cooked burgers that are sold next to our Ball Park hot dogs are also doing well. For the in-store deli, we have a new pulled white meat rotisserie chicken product that's a labor saver for customers. In addition, continuing innovation in a dynamic meal kits sector is showing high consumer appeal on a more convenient Tyson Tastemakers item called the One Pan Dish. In foodservice channel, labor remains a challenge for operators, and Tyson foodservice, offers solutions to help free up back-of-the-house labor and improve efficiency with cost effective products. Our focus six products of foodservice distribution continued their positive volume trend up 2.9% over last year. Our growth relative to our competitors has changed as we lapped strong performance period and our competitors lapped a period of decline. As the QSR burger wars heated up the summer, we saw fewer limited time offers promoting chicken, which had a temporary impact on our sales growth. Relatively low beef prices and a public focus on burgers among QSR competitors led to some customers making late changes to the promotional schedules, then opting to feature burgers rather than chicken. Looking forward to the foodservice back-to-school season, we expect chicken will return to playing a bigger role with key customers. Finally, I'd like to talk a bit about M&A. We are refining and growing our company as part of our strategic plan to sustainably feed the world with the fastest-growing protein brands. As we focus on protein, we sold several non-protein businesses this year and anticipate selling our pizza crust business in the fourth quarter. The acquisitions that we've made are changing our company in a positive way, and AdvancePierre Foods is a great example. The integration has gone extremely well, and APF has contributed an incremental $1.6 billion revenue in its first full-year as a part of Tyson. Together, we've unlocked savings and created new opportunities with customers and consumers. In May, we announced our plans to acquire American Proteins, which should provide additional stability to our chicken margins. We received regulatory approval and expect to close this month. In June, we acquired Tecumseh Poultry, producer of the Smart Chicken brand. This acquisition gives us a well-known brand of organic chicken with national distribution and the ability to scale up in this fast growing category. So as we wrap up our prepared remarks, I’d like to reinforce the rock solid foundation of this business. Tyson Foods is an advantaged leader in the pure growth market of protein. Our unique model allows us to activate deep insight and great brands to go all-in on the upside of value-added growth. A balanced presence in the major protein stabilizes our positions across commodity markets. This model has consistently grown operating cash flow and we've taken advantage of the options that creates through prudent capital allocation on the behalf of our shareholders. We will embrace the reality of today while simultaneously innovating for tomorrow. Our steadfast commitment to a long game ensures we will continue to generate returns over time. That concludes our prepared remarks, and Denise we are ready to begin the Q&A.
Thomas Hayes: Certainly, the biggest disappointment, as I said in my prepared remarks as it relates to our business, is Chicken. We can talk certainly more about that. But why don't I tackle 2019 and maybe Stewart will kick Chicken margins to you. 2019 environment is going to be very similar to what we've faced here, but I see certainly the protein growing throughout the world. One of the things that we're very focused on is continue to take advantage of exports where we can. The tariff and trade noise has impeded that a bit, particularly as it relates to Mexico, but we feel like we're in good shape. Prepared Foods segments and Beef obviously are doing very well and I continue to see that into the future. So our challenge has really come down to pork and chicken. Pork is off to a bit of a slow start, but improving. And we see livestock supply will be plentiful. So we need the export to come through and that's the one thing that we need to make sure that that happens in order for us to really maximize the model. Demand in chicken is soft. There is competing proteins at low prices I spoke off and we are concerned about the ability for us to continue to drive that demand up and we want to make sure that our team is focused on doing that. But that’s probably the area where we are being caution because we want to make sure we deliver those results and deal with our confidence. The value added businesses are expected to continue in our growth trajectory. Prepared Foods and Chicken will benefit from a higher value added mix, and we’re happy with the mix improvement, and we expect to continue to have the financial fitness savings come through of course. So, yes, few headwinds as we go into the year are affecting us now, but continued higher freight cost, food inflation, all those that we’re used to dealing with those issues, getting the freight costs, and prices pass through certainly affecting volume, but we’re conservative, by your comments, Ken, that's the reason why as we have some issues attack on or were all about tackle on it, so but Chicken…
Thomas Hayes: Well, I mean I’d just say, Ken, thanks for the heads up on that. We have got a great record of buying back stock. I mean we bought $120 million in last quarter, almost $370 million year-to-date. In the last three years, $3.3 billion of the share. I think you can expect to see us that are – we will continue to pull the various leavers of capital allocation and stock buyback will be part of that.
Thomas Hayes: Sure Adam. I'll give you some headlines, and I’ll talk about buy versus grow. I think there are three main categories, I think of in terms of the Chicken results are the weak domestic demand, the one-time events that we called out and then short-term headwinds that certainly are a competitive factor for us. Domestic demand is the LTO shifts had a significant impact for us in the quarter, approaching switching. The export uncertainly – uncertainty didn't help our legs – quarters for sure. Estimate that most of that deviation in that area is hopefully behind us, but this is something that is affecting us – about I would say the weak demand in the export uncertainty about 200 basis points maybe about $0.10 EPS. The one-time events, the fire and the shift in production capability at one of our plants which is a good thing for us long-term did have some effect as well as the mark-to-market revel, when we talk about grains totaled that's about $0.10 EPS let say. And then the short-term headwinds that will increase – certainly we will see those as it pertains to Chicken being could compete with other proteins. So we see the value of the proteins Beef and Pork certainly coming down that's going to be headwind. Buy versus grow, it's a benefit for sure and it is ongoing a long-term benefit, but we expected more from this past quarter. We had unusual occurrence this summer with the weakness and demand, caused by cheaper pork and the LTOs I talked about. And so our chicken volume dropped enough where we didn't have to buy as nearly as much as we normally do, so we couldn’t take advantage of those lower priced products and that prevented us from fully capitalizing on the market. So that's the story in those two.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. So talk about the same cultures as it relates acquisitions or maybe talk about our leverage. So we are focused on the same areas, the assets are going to bring brands, new capabilities or new geographies to Tyson. And to the extent that they deliver some scale, so we can take some synergies that puts us in a really strong position. So those are the filters that we use. And of course, talking about specific properties. We will be acquisitive where we believe it's going to be in the best interest of our share owners, and it's focused on continuing to try to stabilize margins, improve margins over time. And that's what we've done with APF, that's what we're doing with American Proteins and that's the strategy we're taking, talk about leverage.
Thomas Hayes: Sure. Things are looking good. We have the plan, it's up and running and the volumes are returning back to normal levels. We're making great headway. It's much more automated than the process that we have. Look at the product quality, most importantly in the right place that we want it. And so we're locking in some volume commitments for our comeback, and things are looking good.
Thomas Hayes: We haven't broken out exactly with the margin improvements going to be fire, but surprise to say it’s baked into our guidance or projections is relates to the margins for F2019.
Thomas Hayes: You're not putting words in my mouth because I actually did say it. And it is a longer-term view that we have for the potential of the Prepared Foods business as we continue to do the things that we have been doing, which is invest in the business, make smart acquisitions and continue to execute the plan that the resilient team has in place. What I've also said is that we aren't going to move margins up and to not grow the business. So we want to continue to grow EBIT in the Prepared Foods business. So if there is a time in which we need to invest the MAP, we need to amp it up, where we need to pull back in some other areas that is going to be certainly a lever that we'll use. So that is exactly where we think the business can head, but it's going to continue to grow. And I don't want to sacrifice having a 12% or 13% margin, but having a business going backwards in terms of total EBIT because we're pushing too hard for the margin specifically.
Thomas Hayes: Absolutely, we are keeping track of all while the capacity expansion, and that's – for us, we're focused on our supply against our demand. And we do, certainly, win some battles and lose some battles in the marketplace. But the focus is, on the long haul, what kind of capacity do we need, not just in value-added, but also tray pack and the other businesses that we are trying to drive. So the way to think about our capacity expansions for Tyson, what are we going to need down the road? What are the – two and three years out, that’s the way that we look at it. But yes, this is a competitive business. And of course, there's going to be some areas that we will sometimes lose, but most of the time, we win.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. Certainly, the big bird components, as we talked about or I talked about, when we go into a timing, which is countered that how it's been in the past where those supplies are coming down and we can't take advantage of it, that does hurt our buy versus grow model in terms of having the ability to maximize the potential. In terms of the other elements, we feel pretty good about the mix of our business. Although, we’d always want it to be absolutely as we planned, as Stewart called out, we have big plans, and we want to make sure we hit those. But I can't give you probably, Michael, the color that you want in terms of all the individual pieces. We don't do that. Haven't done it for competitive purposes and won't break that out specifically.
Thomas Hayes: Well, one of the things we’ve talked about is what we plan for ongoing is trying to make sure that the margins are stable and growing. So we don't continue to – we continue to believe that we have an advantage model where in markets where potentially the margins are high, and they probably won't be as high as some of our competitors. And certainly when they're lower, they won't be as low. And we sort of prefer to that internally as a stabilized – stabilizing our margins. That doesn't mean we're not immune to conditions of the competitive marketplace. So our mix is good. We are hitting the industry right now. And we are necessarily going down to that level. But as you've seen in the highs, we don't go all the way up as well. We do have some level of insulation in our business, our brands and if we talk about value-added, that is a clear focus for the team is we continue to build that and continue to drive the Tyson brand and more innovation. And I feel strong about the innovation plan that we have. Like the success. But certainly, when you have conditions like this, it puts pressure on the model.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. Certainly, exports are huge. And let me talk about Beef and Pork for a minute just to put some perspective there. The value of the cutout was down about 4% in Beef Q3 versus last year. Pork was about 9%-ish Q3. So that's total for Tyson of about $600 million lower Beef and $400 million lower in Pork revenue. The majority of that is due to the pressure that the issues with Mexico has created. So for us, in the Pork business and the Beef business, having those markets return to stable, not the uncertainty that exists today, is critically important. So that's – for us, that's where we're focused on. We need to have those markets clearly open to us. And by the way, those numbers I gave are annualized numbers. But the thing that is most concerning is to have all those disruptions continue. So exports, absolutely, are a huge part of the equation.
Thomas Hayes: We don’t have an assumption that they are going to improve. It's kind of the steady state that we have today and – because we just don't know. It's hard to predict. If you have an answer on that one, happy to hear it. But for us, as it relates to trade and tariffs, it's an open debate. We expect to stay open for some time.
Thomas Hayes: Thanks for the question. I think it’s good one. So far we try to stay were from getting specific quarterly guidance and I think that’s one of the reason why we give you that bottom line estimate so that and some of the sense of what the trends of what the trends are. But beyond that, I wouldn't want to get into sort of break out, specifically, what I see is going to happen in price and volume.
Thomas Hayes: Yes, we do have an optimistic outlook, Ben. I would say that we have good visibility into 2021. And at this point, what we've talked about in our Prepared Foods, that's good because we do see the number of animals that are out there. Going back to the export discussion, we need to make sure that that is a continually open access to those countries, absorbing the increased production. Our business is a spread business. And so when the margins will come through and we have the calendar process and we have a good balance, and by the way, we are in the right regions, as we talked about in the past. It's a very good environment. You might feel us be a little bit hesitant because we want to make sure that we're giving the right projections for you. But we do like where we are right now and all the way out until 2021
Thomas Hayes: They are big factor I mean as it relates to our forecast, we have those in and they are out. If you think about the burger LTOs, David, those were up 23%-ish, something like that. Chicken LTOs in foodservice were down 13%. So when you look at the national accounts, it was a huge number. That's, of course, a big part of our business. So that does affect - it does affect our margins. And that we need to have the right mix around us. And we are focused on what we can do to influence that, but for sure, that you're right. It is a big impact.
Thomas Hayes: I don’t breakout our margins by bird side, but we do – I get your comment from another angle. But we do like where we're positioned as it relates to our Small Bird business for sure.
Thomas Hayes: We are getting some more technology around this. And I would say it's not just in Chicken, but we are looking across the entire portfolio, and particularly, the more commoditized portions to understand how we can better predict what some of the performance is going to be. And it is hard. I mean, were they commoditized? They are. I would say, on the customer front, we do need to get somewhat better. And I would say, frankly, we were a bit surprised, and that's not something we'd like to be in a position of. The overall, S&OP process, sales and operations planning process, I would say, is very sound. But there's always things we can be doing better. For us, the challenge that we have is trying to make sure that the model will stand up through difficult periods, and this is a difficult period for Chicken. And that's where we're going to continue to put the stress on our team is to make sure that we are managing every single detail as tightly as we possibly can. I do feel good that they have it in hand. But if I told you I was pleased with our forecasting in every part of the business, I wouldn't be being honest. So we need to make sure that our forecasting continues to get better.
Thomas Hayes: Okay. Thanks, gang. Thanks for the questions today. I will say that the fundamentals of our business model haven't changed. We have a diversified portfolio, strong brands. We are set up well for long-term growth. We really appreciate you joining us and our team, keep focused. We are very excited about what 2019 will bring in the way of continued improvement. And we'll talk to you later on this afternoon. Thanks everybody.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, may be just a couple of thoughts on both of those, Ken, first of all Q4, I mean as Tom as mentioned, some of those trends we saw in Q3 Chicken and Pork, we expect those to continue to Q4. And so look at the relative performance of Q3 to last year and I think you'd see the same thing in Q4. On the businesses that are performing well in a Prepared Foods, we feel great about it. The business I just point you to is, Beef. As you look at Q4, we've given 8% return on sale for Q3 and giving 6% guidance for the full-year and so while we expect Q4 to be really good for Beef, perhaps not as powerful as Q3. And so I mean I think that will allow you to dimensionalize Q4. On 2019, we’re giving you the guidance on all the return on sales. One of the drivers that you'll see in Chicken specifically, so is the forward curve on grains and forward curve on grains points to higher Chicken prices for next year. That's flowing into some of their estimates. So depending on how that moves around will – our own numbers will move around, specifically in Q4 also we expect to see higher grain prices flowing through on Chicken. So hopefully that helps you with some of the detail.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. The only thing I'd add is just to say if you look at Q3 about 60% or so is driven by feed and logistic costs, so that gives you a sense of impact of those, it impacted be helpful. It might be helpful.
Stewart Glendinning: Certainly the margins are tight right now. We don't expect to be exacting on our forecasts. One of the things that you can appreciate is that there is a lot of volatility right now. So we are – why we have such a wide range as relates to the full-year performance. What we have seen as we have doesn’t have trouble in getting the hogs, more hogs are coming into the market, but the supply for sure there has been an imbalance demand. So we want to make sure that shows up and we have full confidence that in 2019 based on what we know today. But right now we're certainly making sure that we give you the number we think we can hit.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. So the margins that we have in Prepared Foods, we are happy with where we are, but we want to continue to make sure that we are continuing to invest. We will make sure that our mass spending is hitting right levels in order to keep the growth as you saw in the hot dog category we had lost some shares, although we did improve the margins. Our intention is to make sure that we are continuing to get behind our brands and so there will be a bit of that mass spending. But also innovation efforts are paying back at right categories, right part of the store, but we are continuing to focus on MAP and that's the short answer.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Relative to leverage, I would say there's not a specific number that we'd be willing to go to. It is sufficient, I think, to say that it will depend a little bit on the type of asset, number one. And number two, just to note that being investment-grade is important to us. And so we've worked closely with the rating agencies.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I mean what you're seeing there is that carry-through from mostly from this year. There are a number of large projects; too, I would point to that are noteworthy. One is the new chicken plant in Humboldt Tennessee. That's a very large plant. A lot of the expenditure will land in this year, so all in one big project. The other one is project we have underway to redo our distribution network, and those are some pretty heavy investments, which have a powerful payback and are important as we move forward.
Stewart Glendinning: Some of the savings, yes, well; they're captured either in our Financial Fitness or in our total forecast. So I wouldn't add that to the top of any of the guidance that I've given you.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, I would just add on top of that, Tom, to say that really we're focused on what's the best return for our shareholders, right? And so Tom's exactly right. We could push margins even higher. The question is, is that on a growing bottom line? And is that delivering more earnings against our capital base? And I think that's the last point that I'll be leaving with you, which is our focus is driving the highest earnings against our capital base.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, so the question that it come from, Ken, was – what's driving the dynamic in 2019? And my answer was that one of those dynamics is higher grain costs. I wasn't pointing to the impact of pricing on birds. Just simply to say that if you look at the grain costs next year as compared to this year, when you look at the price curve, they're higher. And so we obviously need to consider that higher cost as we give you guidance.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, so I would say there are a lot of moving pieces here, some of which we don't want to break out at their lowest level. That's the reason why we give you the margin guidance. We've incorporated all the factors, including the raw material costs. And we think that's simpler and a good way for us to get that message across.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I don't want to break that apart, one, because I think there are a lot of moving pieces; and two, because I think there's a competitive sensitivity to talking about some of the specifics.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, the only thing I’d say on Tom is that, we were expecting – when e say it's weak demand, I mean, our volume was flat, right? So it wasn't a bad outcome. It was weaker than we were expecting. We expected to see volumes up, and so it's all the matter of ways...
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I think, obviously, pressure from the fire, given that it was a one-time event, certainly, that will be better because we don't expect to have it again. But just in terms of demand for Q4, I'd point you to the USDA numbers, which do show an increase for Q4. We're not speaking specifically to our demand in the fourth quarter.
Stewart Glendinning: Let me just be clear against what I said earlier. The way in which you should think about Q4 is the following: that the trends you saw in Q3 in the Chicken business, you should expect to see continue into Q4. That's probably the easiest way to just think through it.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, let’s go through a couple of things. First of all, again, I go back to the point that I expect some of the trends to continue in our business from Q3 into Q4 relative to Pork and Chicken. When you take the Q4 specifically, I go back to the answer I gave earlier, which is to say that the Q3 margins in Beef were 8% and our full-year are 6%. And so the only way the math works is the Beef is that – is expected to be strong in Q4 but not as strong as Q3. And that's the easy one to overlook just because of the size of Beef.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, for us, the trends that we are seeing in the market, and we have, of course, the benefit of July under our belts already, is that we see those trends continuing through Q4. There are some differences, of course, between the various producers – processes in the marketplace. Of course, we are less integrated than others, and so our price may float around a little bit. We had expected to see some improvement in Q4, and we do expect to see some improvement in Q4. But relative to last year, we don't expect to get back to the same levels we were – that we saw then.
Stewart Glendinning: That is the question actually that would be very, very difficult to for us to answer. Yes, this will tariffs seen has just sort of emerged various protein producers are trying to wrestle with it. And it would be difficult for us to give you an accurate answer on that.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, I mean, I'd just give you a rough sense. I'd say about relatively to the full-year change, about 35% or 40%, I'd say, it’s for the internal factors, and the balance is external. That's sort of the rough numbers.
Stewart Glendinning: So first of all, I don't think we're going to talk to kind of what point we reach marginal profitability just because, I think, that's competitively sensitive. We do think that our mix of products is positive, right. I mean, having value-added products gives higher margins. And certainly, the customer relationships that we have also provides some of that stability. But ultimately, there's no getting away from the fact that expecting the market to have – hold a certain amount of volume. And it will ultimately have that volume because those chickens are coming through, that when there's not a strong demand that you're going to see some of the downward pressure on price relative to where you thought you would be. But still a good model we have. There's no question about that. I mean, I think if you look at our relationship within the competitive U.S. group, you'll frequently find us near the top of the rankings.
Stewart Glendinning: Don’t have a number specifically for the gross M&A because we didn't break out the specific size of those acquisitions. But relative to the total size of Chicken, they're not that big relative to total Chicken, which is why you don’t see them moving the average so much. The external factors from – that you're seeing in the back half of this year are the ones that are going to be the most significant as we work through to next year.
Stewart Glendinning: We haven’t given any EPS guidance, and I'm not going to speak to that at this point. But I think I've given you the good – the right building blocks so that you can make the right estimates.
