Dean Banks: Sure, Ken. First thing I want to say -- and I’m sure you know this, team member safety remains our top priority. And we’re sparing no expense to keep them safe. We are fully complying and been interacting with the government authorities, including the USDA, the CDC, OSHA, and even county and local governments. And we’ve had intermittent outages from time to time as it’s been necessary to make sure that our team members are kept absolutely safe. The expenses related to these closures, I’ll start with PPE. We’ve invested substantially in our protective equipment for our team members, including things like chartering planes to supply masks even before they were mandated by the CDC. We bought some quite expensive thermal scanners to make sure that we can check temperatures for our team members coming in and out of our plants. And other expenses if the inefficiency of the plants driven by the slowing or idling the plants while they’re being checked and while our team members are being tested. Another priority of ours is to keep food on the table of our consumers. And so, that includes running and recovering plants at slower capacities, which from time being but also running them with overtime and additional costs to make sure that whenever we can run them in control, we can put food on the American tables. One expense I can quantify for you is the $120 million in Thank You bonuses we provided to our team members during this time for the hard work. And again, team member safety being our top priority, it is hard to predict the extent of these costs over time.
Dean Banks: Ken, I would just add that mix plays a really strong role in this. As you probably know, a substantial portion of our business has been in foodservice, which is down. And our retail business is up. But as we mentioned in the call, those do not perfectly counterbalance. And so, that will also have an impact on our long term blended sale price.
Dean Banks: Sure. Our retail customers have been phenomenally supportive. And we continue to work with them as we always would, and we’re not planning to take price increase there. As it relates to foodservice specifically, we have seen some of our customers really get decimated due to the COVID crisis and closure of restaurants, limited supply in deli and that sort of thing. We have seen some of our customers, specifically QSRs recover very well. Their model of having takeout food and drive-thrus, have really allowed them to be resilient and continue to thrive in the market.
Dean Banks: So, I’ll just mention a few things here is that as this disease has progressed, as we’ve learned more, anything that we can find or discover that can improve safety in our facilities, we are doing. And when it comes to the long-term structural cost of the business, there are some things that we’re installing now. For example, these thermal scanners that will -- we will leave installed and they’ll provide even benefit whenever we move into the next flu season to just help our team members better understand, they’re starting to develop sickness early and that sort of thing. But no, it’s not possible to really quantify or put a number on what those costs are going to look like related to COVID-19.
Dean Banks: I think, it’s difficult to describe in a lot of ways, because some of our plants have expenses -- scaled equipment for things like producing ground beef and sausage and that sort of thing. We do have some robotic automation and things like palletizing and that sort of thing. The thing that I would stress is that automation provides really a lot of things, but one of the things that I would stress is flexibility where we had installed some Multivac vacuum packaging systems for products like beef and pork. What we’ve seen is that those businesses’ ability to very quickly shift those products from retail or from foodservice to retail, which has been really beneficial to those businesses. But, it’s difficult to really put a percentage on automation across each of the business units.
Dean Banks: If you take a look at our segment data in the Q, you get some sense of what are his historic numbers have looked like by channel. So, that doesn’t give it to you by segment, but it’ll give you a good sense of what the various volumes are on exposure to foodservice. If you apply some of the percentages that Noel has suggested to that, I think it’ll give you -- it’ll give you a sense. But, bear in mind that when you look at that, one of those channels is industrial, and part of that is going to be foodservice. So, we sell on to somebody else that then processes for foodservice. But, I think that’s the best place to look.
Dean Banks: Hi. This is Dean. We’re not going to be able to comment on a customer by customer basis. What we’re hoping for is a relatively U-shaped curve, long U-shaped curve coming out of this crisis, which will be really beneficial to the small business owner restaurants and distributors. We’d love to see their business really start to recover in the coming quarters, especially as states start to open up. As it relates to who is faring best. As I said before, our QSR customers are really those that are outperforming, because of the flexibility of their model in both historical abilities, either delivered through click and collect, takeout, drive-thru, et cetera.
Dean Banks: Hi. This is Dean. I’ll stress -- your first point is really -- cannot be understated. So, -- it cannot be overstated. The uniformity with which our plants are governed, really being dictated by the experts, the CDC, the OSHA, USDA, is critical for us to both maintain industry standards high. We’ve actually had a few of our plants visited by folks like state government health officials and CDC. And they’ve actually asked to work with not only food industries coming back on line, but also other industries to show them how we’ve taken care of our team members. The second point about PPE, we moved very, very quickly, early in the process to secure PPE for our team members. But those go quickly in our business. And so, the other benefit of the executive order is really to make sure that we have long-term abundant supplies depending on how long this pandemic ultimately lasts, things like masks, hairnets et cetera. We’ve gone so far and sometimes just gave out masks to team members so that they can operate in their community where they know that there may be some latent disease, so that they can operate safely in the community and not bring that back into the plant. So, those are really the two main benefits of the order.
Noel White: Ken, it really depends on the assumptions. And our assumptions is that plants will come back up as we go through Q3 and Q4. And it’s really the impacts of each one of those, the poultry plants, pork plants, beef plants. Total animals available, as you know, it’s up year-over-year, 4-plus-percent. So, we’re assuming that these plants, not only ours but others will, in fact, they’ll go down for a period of time and then reopen. So, we are actually looking at an increase in total protein available as we go through the balance of Q3, Q4.
Noel White: Yes, Ben. Let me tell you, first of all, we believe it’s critically important that our livestock suppliers thrive and continue to be profitable. So, we’re doing everything possible to process as many animals as possible to make sure that there is a market for those animals. Longer term outlook, Ben, it’s truly dependent on the closures of plants over the course of the next 60 to 90 days. There has been a backlog of inventory that’s developed with both, hogs and cattle, and that will continue if plant closures continue at the pace that we’re at right now. Longer term, I would say that -- on pork, it really depends on the degree of liquidation that we see over the course of the next 90 days. So, if, as an example, the weaned or baby pigs are in fact euthanized, that will have an impact sometime later this calendar year; if the sows, if the mothers are liquidated, then that has longer term implications that goes out over the course of the next 12 to 24 months. We’re not seeing the same thing happen with cattle yet. A lot of the cattle are still in pasture or been on feed for a number of days. The weight is increasing, but it’s not at the critical point that pork is at this point.
Noel White: Sure. You’re accurate. That was in the prepared remarks. Based on what we see right now in the marketplace, as I mentioned on an earlier question that we are in fact expecting an increase in protein supplies through the balance of this, at least fiscal year, like the calendar year. And with that, there will likely be as there has been the last few months an oversupply of poultry in the market. Total number of animals available has not changed at this point. So, whether it’s beef, pork or Chicken, we’re looking at increased supply. So, most recently in the -- over the course the last couple weeks, there have been some shortages in some specific categories. However, in total, as we go into Q4, we expect supplies to be increasing and therefore not any pricing recovery.
Noel White: Each plant is a little different. So, it’s hard to give you a precise number. I can tell you, it’s significant in the millions of dollars per week in some of our larger facilities such as some of our beef and pork operations; poultry, not the same extent but still expensive; and then, we have a number of plants that we operate in our Prepared Foods space that we’ve not seen a big impact. And we certainly hope that that continues. So, each plant is a little bit different, depending on which plant we need to take down and how long.
Noel White: Well, anytime we make any comments, Heather, it is specific to Tyson. Obviously, we don’t know what others in the industry are going to do. All we can do is look at industry data. So, yes, the outlook is specific to us. And, we can look at egg sets, we can -- placements. We can look a lot of different numbers, and we have no sense what others going to do. That’s purely our outlook at this point in time.
Noel White: Cost-plus lower -- yes, it would be passed through in the cost-plus contract. Yes. Alternatively, if costs go up, price goes up; cost inputs go down, price goes down.
Noel White: Different plants have been impacted to different extents. I would say, Heather, so far, we have had some disruption at a couple of our facilities that we’ve taken them down for a relatively short period of time, days or week. And we don’t know obviously, what the effect is going to be in the future. We are and will continue to work with all the local, county, states and federal officials to make sure that our team members are safe. So, at this point, we’ve not seen a tremendous impact on our poultry business. And obviously, we don’t know what that’s going to look like over the course of the next three to six months.
Noel White: Okay. Alexia, I don’t have the numbers at hand by a specific poultry group. However, as Dean said in his remarks, retail is up, it’s up sharply. And it depends on the week, depends on the months I think in terms of 30% to 40% up. Foodservice is recovering, I would say. And each -- within foodservice itself, each sector is down to varying degrees. So, down in rough numbers, 25% to 30% on foodservice in total, but it does vary substantially depending on the type of the foodservice establishment.
Noel White: I’d says, it’s too early for us to do that. And like I said, it is very fluid. So, on a given day and given week, it can change substantially. So, I’m not comfortable in making any comments today.
Noel White: Yes. And that very well could be the case. We look at the public data just like you do. We’re starting to see indications that there have been some cutbacks. We don’t know what others are doing. But, given the profit structure right now, I’d say that certainly could be the case. We don’t know. But, I think as you know, in poultry business, it can change much quicker than what it would be in both pork and beef. S, the things that -- the promises that you’re proposing could in fact play out that way.
Noel White: Ken, as I mentioned, probably close to a year ago that we started investing fairly heavily in technology, automation, and that hasn’t changed. We continue to invest in that segment. I do think that over the course of a time that the amount of automation will in fact, continue to increase, particularly, in some of the more difficult jobs and positions. I can tell you that, we as an example, we’ve invested a significant amount of money I would say in our attempt to minimize any foreign objects where we’re using vision technologies to try and identify anywhere --we’re working in the debone area, within poultry, we have a number of initiatives within beef and pork. So, I believe it’s not only us as a company, I think the industry will continue to look for solve through automation. So, I think it will probably -- it will likely accelerate from this point.
Noel White: The answer would be yes. Over the course of last number of years that pork industry has been growing between 2% and 4% per year. The industry infrastructure is set up to deal with that number of hogs. So, yes, we can certainly get back to those types of numbers.
Noel White: No, there is nothing intended by the lack of comments there, Michael. If the plants get back up and running as we expect them to be, we would expect that the margin structure within Pork to continue at fairly healthy numbers. Year-to-date, we’re just short of 11% return on sales or Q2 is a little over 7%. So, I think that it’s certainly possible that we’d able to maintain those types of numbers as we look forward.
Noel White: Yes. I think, that’s a fair assumption, Rob. I think that the slowdown in speeds and production throughput, Robert, it -- we’ve done everything possible to protect all of our team members, all of our employees, including social distancing. And I’d say, it’s too soon to tell at this point, if in fact, that’s a permanent structural change, where we would have to slow down a line to have the social distancing that’s needed. So, we can’t quantify specifically what that might mean going forward. We’re still working through with all the -- both the state and federal officials as to what that might look like going forward.
Noel White: We know specifically what that means right now, Rob. But, we’re a company that continuously innovates and work on better processes, and that continues to be the case. So, I don’t think it’s accurate to think that what we’re doing today necessarily has to be the case, let’s say, 12 months from now.
Noel White: I think we can see they’re exclusive of those factors, Ben that exports year-to-date have been strong, interest continues to be strong despite very low oil prices. So, the global fundamentals that we’re looking at 6 to 12 months ago haven’t changed, that global protein demand still continues to grow at about a 2% rate. Production volume is not increasing at the same level. United States historically has been a low-cost supplier of protein, beef, pork and chicken to global market. So, we don’t see that changing. And the demand that we’ve seen over the course of the last 30 to 60 days, I think this just reinforces that. And that’s why we’re encouraged on a long-term basis of the outlook. That hasn’t changed. We have the headwinds and challenges in front of us right now that we deal with. And as long as we make sure that our team members are safe in our plants. That’s priority number one. Priority number two is making sure that this Company is positioned for the long term over the course of the next 10-20-50 years to continue to be successful. So, we’re not only dealing with the short term, but we also are deeply -- we’re deeply -- we view the long-term on -- take it very, very seriously.
Noel White: Thank you for your time today. One of the hallmarks of Tyson is turning insights into actions. The current environment presents significant opportunities for our Company as we assess and react to changes in the consumer landscape. We’ll leverage our resources and infrastructure as we continue our role as a leader in food production. Let me conclude by saying, the responsibility of feeding our nation goes beyond anyone business. Working together, we’re confident we can mitigate the spread of COVID-19 in our communities and keep it away from our plants and help the food supply chain intact. Please stay safe. And we look forward to talk to you soon.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Look, I mean, we’re not going to give you quarter by quarter. We wanted to make sure that we highlighted the back half of the year. And I think, look, when you stand back and look at Chicken for a second to say, first of all, there is a net negative in volume; second is a margin impact as a result of switching from foodservice; and third, you’ve got some incremental costs, which relate both to some of the onetime worker costs and also more inefficiency in the plants as we try to run them in this environment. Those last two are big numbers, and I do not think that those are with us permanent.
Stewart Glendinning: So, first of all, we didn’t say that margins will be negative. We said that chicken would likely be unprofitable in the backdrop of the year. And I think just a couple questions ago, I sort of framed that. There’s a combination of factors. And the only one that I didn’t point to just because it’s ongoing is weaker pricing. But, if you go back and just look at those factors, the ongoing weaker pricing that we’ve seen, the negative impact of loss of volume, the mix shift between foodservice and retail, and then, of course, just the efficiency levels in the farm, which have been impacted by worker availability, by some of the measures that we’ve taken and then of course the bonuses, that sort of frames out the picture in chicken. I can’t give you any more detail than that.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I’ve assumed, when you said margin, then you were thinking about gross margin. But, if you think about operating margin, then that’s true. I was saying, it’s going to be unprofitable at the operating income level.
