Dean Banks: Thank you, Stewart. We have a bright future ahead and we remain committed to navigate the risks and market based factors that we may face, especially in the current environment. We will prepare for, and respond to those risks to the best of our ability just as we have always done. With respect to our view on the business and operating environment, as we look ahead into the balance of fiscal 2021, we expect consumption behavior will continue to orient towards meals at home. Unless the current wave causes widespread shutdowns, we would expect to see a continuing gradual recovery in foodservice volume throughout the year. This is, of course, dependent on the extent of the pandemic spread within our communities, the broad availability of a vaccine and any local or federal regulatory restrictions. As we look across our businesses, we are evaluating where we can utilize automation and technology in our work that will enable more efficient and effective collaboration and operations. Grain futures for 2021, has strengthened recently due to diminishing U.S. production prospects from earlier in the season and record high demand in China. Prices have been further supported by unfavorable weather and competing crop producing countries and could result in overall grain costs being higher for 2021. Remember, our previous guidance that a $0.10 per bushel move in corn or a $10 per ton move in soybean meal translates to an approximately $25 million change to cost of goods sold. The trade environment continues to present uncertainty, especially considering this year’s elections and the potential implications that may have on trade policy. We recently observed higher freight costs due to limited driver availability and mix-related load and efficiencies that are exploring opportunities to mitigate and offset this trend. This is in addition to the challenges we mentioned earlier around ensuring full staffing in our plants. Beef and Pork segment margins are expected to moderate toward more historical levels as industry capacity, live animal supplies and finished goods inventories equilibrate, although we still expect these businesses to generate healthy returns. At the same time, we expect stronger performances from our Prepared Foods and Chicken businesses as we sharpen our focus on cost reduction and operational improvement. We also expect that when the virus recedes, our ability to drive business improvements will accelerate. In closing, our business performed well during an unprecedented time. Our team displayed resilience when consumers, more than ever, needed access to a stable and accessible food supply. While we will continue to face pandemic-related challenges in fiscal 2021, we are settling the business down to be focused on executing our long term strategy of generating strong returns for shareholders. I am excited for the opportunities ahead for this great company, and I am certain, we have the people, products and strategies in place to drive future growth. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we’re ready for Q&A.
Dean Banks: Sure, Ken. First and foremost, our team member safety has been our top priority and we have taken a tremendous amount of forward-looking action to make sure that we are prepared so that when they come into work everyday, they not only feel safe but they look around and see variety of precautions that we have taken to protect them. So, you have seen some announcements that we have made around hiring of nurses in our facilities. That was in anticipation of what we are seeing today and for fear that, that actually could manifest itself. We have posted a position for Chief Medical Officer, which we are close on. And I would say that the most important aspect of our preventative measures was this has been, how we have acted upon the availability of testing with what we are calling our always-on testing strategy where we are sampling team members as they come in and making sure that we can identify what’s going on both in the public numbers and the community, but also what we are seeing from our team members coming into the plants and that’s just been tremendously invaluable and getting them comfort that they are not at risk of catching anything. And then I would say that it’s also been invaluable to the communities in which we operate. You might have seen an article that came out a few weeks ago in Storm Lake, where a former state health official cited that the county in which we operate actually had lower COVID numbers and she attributed that to how we are acting with our monitoring and testing strategy, much like we anticipated the need for masks early in the first wave of the crisis and chartered a plane to take proactive aggressive action to get precaution for our team members – precautionary protections for our team members. I’d say, in this crisis, we have been – in the second wave, we have been preparing all along and you can see that in our expenses. From a demand perspective – from a demand labor perspective, from a labor perspective, I would say that we, as Stewart mentioned in his comments, we have been bonusing our team members and just saying thank you. We know that they have options for where they go and we want Tyson Foods to be a place where they can come to work and thrive everyday.
Dean Banks: Yes, we are not going to be able to preannounce or anything like that. But what I would say is that we are expecting beef and pork to ultimately, through 2021, normalize. I would say, when you are thinking about those two businesses, specifically, from a pork perspective, hogs are coming in at weight now, so we think we have worked through some portion of the backlog, while there may still be some out there. We do expect adequate supplies through the year. In beef, cattle are still coming in quite a bit overweight and so we are seeing that there is quite a bit of backlog and ample supply certainly for the year to come. Chicken, as you have seen through the reports, we are aggressively pursuing operational improvements and you have seen the leadership change we have made there, about complementing Chad Martin and his exceptional leadership with Donnie King, who is an industry veteran leading the business. That’s going to take some time. Recovering chicken is going to be a long effort. We have got a handful of plants that are just not operating operational efficiently. And then the variability related to the crisis and what’s happening in foodservice in some of those plants is just continuing to make that challenging, but we are working hard to make the operational improvements we need. And Prepared Foods has been performing strong. We are very proud of the work that they are doing there. And much like the other parts of the business, we really need foodservice to come back online for that business to be everything that we know it can, but the ability of the team to flex between retail and foodservice has been phenomenal.
Dean Banks: Yes. Ben, I would love to be able to give you some guidance, but as you have seen, if we have started giving any direction a month and a half ago, they have been wrong. The COVID impacts and increases are continuing with shutdowns both in our domestic and in some international markets. And we are just not able to – we are not able to guide at this point.
Dean Banks: I won’t be able to give a ton of specifics, but as you know, we have put out guidance before that we were going after about $200 million in operational improvements in the chicken business before the crisis. And as we reported, we were making good progress on that. And then as you rightly point out, COVID really affected quite a bit of that. We are still making improvements everyday. Our leaders are in our plants looking for inefficiencies and looking for the ways that we can get those plants running full again and back on track. But as far as recovering that full $200 million, there will be some value in the recovery from COVID in foodservice and getting our plants back up to full operational capacity. But we are not waiting on that much like you have seen in the past, the shift from foodservice to retail. We have done that where we can. We have also maintained flexibility to support our fast growing QSR partners who are even surpassing their original sales with their progress in drive-thru and take-out. And so it is going to take some resolution in COVID for us to really make the growth and expansion there we want, but we are not waiting for that. We are taking aggressive steps as we speak.
Dean Banks: No, we are not going to be able to break those down anymore specifically. I would even cite just so you read of the situation that some of our QSR partners are actually surpassing previous volumes, which is really exciting to see for them and that’s changing quite dynamically. So, we won’t be able to give any additional direction related to how that breaks down.
Dean Banks: Yes, I’ll comment on the word momentum. It’s got quite a bit of momentum. We have – some of the SKUs are really surpassing expectations related to velocity. And as you saw, we’ve expanded to a significant number of retail stores. You may have also seen the announcement just recently that we are kicking off a pilot with Jack in the Box. We’re thrilled about that and our progress there in a variety of prospects with the business. We’ll not give any specifics on the size, but we’re thrilled with the investment and the momentum that we’ve had.
Dean Banks: So I’ll stress one thing that we’ve really put team member safety first and as you saw through the previous waves, we have taken no hesitation to idle plants, whenever we think it’s the right thing to do to either do deep cleaning or mass testing or whatever was required. And so in this crisis, we are taking as many precautions as possible to make sure we’re keeping our team members safe and that results in them feeling safe coming to work and that results in us being able to keep our plants up and running and feeding the world. Related to vaccine availability, look, it’s too early to push forward and what that could ultimately look like. You have to consider distribution, obviously, side effect profile and a million other things when thinking about how that’s going to ultimately impact your business. And from a broader perspective, our business is operating through this climate very well. What I would say is that, whether it’s our balanced portfolio, whether it’s the protections that we’ve taken, the business has proven extraordinarily resilient, and we’ve heard from really every administration that they consider companies like Tyson and industries, specifically around food, to be mission-critical for the country. And I’m sure that if the vaccine is proving to be effective and safe and our team members decide that they want it for their own protections, then it will be made available.
Dean Banks: Yes, it’s certainly a good question, Adam. I’d say our businesses, specifically in Chicken, as you pointed out, it’s very mixed. So our retail value-added portfolio has performed just phenomenally through the crisis, up north of 24%. We’ve been thrilled with the market share gains there. And the other aspects of our business, whether it’s tray pack or fresh or small bird, they’re all competing and all being impacted in very different ways. Specifically, some of our business has been very strongly hit by daily sales being down through the crisis. And so we watch performance really on a business unit by business unit basis and some of the businesses that have been impacted, specifically the plants, due to mix and operational efficiency, that’s what we’re talking about in getting back up to top quartile performance on those that are underperforming in each of their given segments. I don’t think I’ll be able to give any more specific guidance than that.
Dean Banks: Sure. I’ll comment in a few ways. First off, we spent a good amount of time thinking about the e-commerce channel, which we see growing and how we package our foods to make sure that they’re more accessible, so click and collect, click and deliver, and that’s really paying dividends, as you saw in the results. We do see that even at the extensive COVID state, the consumers are really getting tired of cooking at home and making sure that we have ready-made foods or easy-to-cook or easy-to-prepare foods in our Prepared Foods business. That has also really benefited us through the crisis. Looking forward, we know that there is stickiness in click and collect, click and deliver, and so making sure that our products are even more amenable to that and we’ve looked at everything from preparation to packaging across the entire Prepared Foods franchise to make sure that as we start moving out of the crisis, we’re steady and ready to deliver in that business.
Dean Banks: We’re not going to be able to comment relative to industry. We’ll just talk about ourselves that when we are looking at running our facilities and running them efficiently and effectively, obviously, the way that we place eggs and the way that we deliver those businesses from an operational efficiency perspective, it really depends upon the markets and what’s going on, whether it’s foodservice having some cutbacks or whether it’s retail running away. We are always making adjustments to that and trying to do our best to run our plants full and efficient and effective. So we won’t be able to comment on how that is relative to industry. And related to...
Dean Banks: Related to costs – sorry, I’ll finish the second part of your question related to input costs. As you know, some of our product ultimately goes out and prices at commodity spot markets, etcetera. Some of it is contractual where input costs ultimately pass through and some of it are fixed price that’s negotiated over time. So no real comment yet on how that’s playing out relative to what we’re placing and what we are delivering.
Dean Banks: Sure. You may have read, we have put a pretty significant amount into an initiative that we are calling One Tyson and complements to international folks that are listening and they’ve done an amazing job at really taking the byproduct of our domestic production and valuing that up in the international markets. And we have just seen tremendous success in that and also working with them to rationalize our export teams to make sure that we’re getting the best deployment efficiency of our products. And then our international markets are also consumers of our own leg quarters. And so we have got a lot of international further-processed capacity that we see, when prices come down, those businesses can deliver better margins. So we are doing everything we can to find full balance and optimization through the One Tyson network.
Dean Banks: I would say ASF is still a really dynamic situation. We have seen it dancing around Germany for some time and it’s shown up in the wild boar population. We are obviously, looking at, as I mentioned, a global shift of production distribution. What we are seeing, obviously, a continued increased demand from China and other export markets that were serviced by Germany. But as you can imagine, the rebalancing component does mitigate some of that and make it so that the German exports end up landing somewhere else, but otherwise were fulfilled by other markets – were filled by other markets. And so, generally, ASF is not gone, and until there is a vaccine, we don’t expect it to be gone. We know that all countries are bracing and doing a lot to try to mitigate. China is obviously aggressively trying to fill that hole. We have seen a variety of efforts there. And I would say it’s going to continue to impact our business, especially our protein portfolio for some time. Because of the counter balancing effects of each of our proteins, there will be continued demand globally the more and more ASF is impacting the markets. But it’s not going away anytime soon.
Dean Banks: Well, I would say, from a retail perspective, we have seen the uplift in our alternative protein portfolio much like we have in other parts of our business and that’s been encouraging both from a placements perspective and from a velocity perspective. The place where, I think, all new product launches, maybe except for chicken sandwiches, have been impacted is in foodservice. And so we have actually – obviously, very interested in the foodservice environment for alternative proteins. You have seen the recent announcements again with Jack in the Box, and we are excited about that set of portfolios. But we have not – we have seen foodservice players revert a little bit back to kind of staple menu items and consolidating menu items through the crisis so they can get people through their drive-thrus and through their take-out more efficiently and effectively.
Dean Banks: Sure, Rob. I will go ahead and take your first question first. So I would say that it’s worth just pointing out that in a volatile uncertain COVID environment, the hesitation you are seeing in our pace and velocity in moving through the cattle backlog is like the – the analysts are probably likely expressing just as much uncertainty on the ability to produce as really being able to estimate what’s going on in the field. We see adequate cattle supplies for a year-plus out, and we think that’s healthy for our business and we are going to be able to operate and thrive through that. And so probably just seeing hesitance in projecting forward for fear that there could be further shutdowns and that sort of thing and not knowing the precautions that we have taken to ensure we’re going to be able to do what we can to provide adequate production and supply. Related to the COVID response, we have a multi-pronged testing strategy where we are sampling our team members looking for evidence of what’s going on in the community, and we see a community spike, we will obviously look at close contacts and then maybe test an entire plant population. You had asked about the trade-offs of testing. Early in the crisis, we made decisions to aggressively implement plant-wide testing anywhere that we were seeing signal that there could be community infection, and we found a substantial number of asymptomatic positives that were not being identified in the broader community and I would say the media generally was not terribly forgiving of that, and although it was absolutely the right thing to do, both for our team members, for the communities in which we operate, and for our customers to make sure that we can keep our plants running. And so there is balance to that but Tyson has taken aside that aligned with our values, that we are putting team member’s safety absolutely first and we’re testing aggressively anywhere that we see it is needed.
Dean Banks: Well, in our business, we have always taken effort to value up a portfolio and build higher margin products in certain given plants and facilities and that decision was made at the expense of operational efficiency whenever protein prices were high. And we could go capture the margin in the marketplace with a correction. And in leg quarters and breast meat and pricing, that makes it hard to run your plants operational efficiently. And we have – we are now going back to basics and making sure that the plants run lean and effective and efficient. And then if and when pricing ever recovers, we will be able to capture that margin on top of it.
Dean Banks: Well, this is a little bit of my stepping into the sea, but one thing that I have just been terribly impressed with is the resiliency of our team members and of our business as a whole and our ability to adjust and adapt to really whatever COVID or the markets are throwing at us. And so that then has me confident in 2021 and in the future of Tyson Foods. I think we have assembled a phenomenal set of assets that have – that worked together to make sure that the business remains resilient to make sure that we keep food on the tables of the global consumer. And then the strategic plan that we put together, when I was in the [indiscernible] that were still standing by today, and our ability to pick up the tempo with that is also really encouraging. The acquisitions that we made internationally turned out to be quite symbiotic and we are finding a lot of efficiencies in the portfolio that we have assembled there. And then the investments we have made in Prepared Foods just continue to surprise in their ability to both gain market share and volume growth. And so, all in there is a lot of reasons to be excited about Tyson Foods today and in the future and the word that I would use is resiliency tied to the core business and got a lot of foresight tied to the strategic plan and how we put it together.
Dean Banks: Thanks everyone for your interest in Tyson Foods. I want to give a big thanks to our team members, the communities in which we operate our suppliers, our farmers and all of our investors. From all of us here at Tyson Foods, we wish you a happy holiday season.
Stewart Glendinning: Ben, it’s Stewart. Just one other thing just to add to that, I mean, look, the good news here is the teams are razor sharp on what needs to be done to move that business to first quartile. One thing just to keep in mind from the modeling and I mentioned in my comments is that Humboldt will come online later this year. That’s great. It’s going to give us more capacity, but it will come with some increased costs and you could think for modeling purposes, that’s going to be a little less than $100 million, probably more weighted to the back half of the year than to the front, but it’s a meaningful number.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Alexia, best data I can give you is suggest that you take a look at the 10-K which we filed this morning. If you go back in the segment data there, you will find some breakout, maybe not quite what you are asking for, but it will be – at least give you a sense of what went through foodservice last year and what’s going through there now, about $1 billion lower on a $12 billion. Keep in mind also when you look at that data, that’s 53-week data for ‘20 and not 52-week data.
Stewart Glendinning: Guys, I mean, we’ve got some detail on our K. I think the best thing to do is just to think broadly about the stats I gave you earlier for the following reason. I think the stats, I gave you sort of $0.10 on corn is $25 million $10 on soybean per ton is $25 million. So look at those. We’ve got more detail on the K. We ought to think about hedging and sort of ultimately following the basic trend. I mean, it’s going to create a lag. So as grain prices go up, our hedging will operate in such a way as to slow that increase in our numbers, but then you’ll get the opposite on the other side. So think about the curve, I mean, the curve that is distinctly upward, certainly, in the last month or so.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, sure. So let me give you a couple of things. So, first of all, I wouldn’t necessarily say that COVID is necessarily the tailwind. Remember I gave you the $330 million, that is a number that is lower than this year, but keep a close eye on COVID because that’s a point-in-time estimate, and I wanted to make sure you’ve got that. But I accept that for the month, that’s a $200 million benefit. I’m afraid I didn’t give you a number, and I’m not going to give you some specific there, but it’s a – it’s some pressure on grain. The numbers you were just sort of talking about, that’s probably in the range. That’s going to vary, by the way, based on where the numbers – where the price goes. The only other one I would say that you don’t have in there, which we did call out during the prepared remarks is what happens with our picture on labor. And I did draw your attention to the fact that there are some locations where we are starting to see some wage pressures. We compete for labor, not just with other meat processors, but with a broad range of companies. And that’s going to take some time to figure that out. Again, the labor market’s seeing a lot of disruption from COVID, and we’ll see how much of that become structural versus temporal.
Stewart Glendinning: Okay. So let me run through the questions in quickly. So first of all, on the top line, the big drivers for the top line and you pulled some of the items, I won’t break them out by percentage, but certainly price is going to be a big – it’s going to be a big one. That obviously has a fair bit of volatility, especially in our commodity meat businesses Pork and Beef, for sure. That’s going to move around. Keep in mind also that depending on how COVID goes, so will our foodservice volumes and that has an impact on our average pricing. So those are probably the biggest factors that you might be able to make some educated guesses on each of those. In terms of the COVID costs, yes, look, I mean some costs we incurred and they are sort of one-time. We put up all the barriers, we – initially masks were costing more, it was hard to fund. And so I think you’re going to find some of those costs, either one has to be repeated or maybe aren’t as difficult, but the variability is going to come with what we have to do on labor. We want to look after our employees. This is the number one priority for us. And so we will, first of all, deploy whatever is necessary from a testing or healthcare perspective. We will not give people any incentive to come to work if they are sick. You need to recognize that’s a cost. And then of course, last year, a big chunk of our costs was some of the "Thank you" bonuses that we paid to our frontline employees for coming during a very difficult time. And whether or not that has to be repeated will be dependent on the outcome of COVID. So, unfortunately, not an absolutely clear number but that’s because we’re not facing an absolutely clear set of circumstances.
Stewart Glendinning: Maybe just a little bit of perspective from me, Ken. I would go back to the remarks that we made this morning. We said that we expect to see that Chicken and Prepared Foods would improve during the year. You probably can see what is taking place in the cut out for Beef and Pork so that’s fair that you can sort of follow-up for the quarter so far. But I think Beef and Pork will be the variable factor during the year. Right? And that’s the one to watch, I would say, just to figure out how that performs versus our Chicken and Prepared perform. And we are going to know more about that as we go through the year. Of course, the other variable is COVID. And I think as we get into the year through this first quarter, we will have a better perspective.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I mean, Ken, I would say, just to the specifics of the margins, when I came into the business, we were talking about normalized as 1% to 3%, but certainly since I have been here, we haven’t seen that. And so we just tossed out the idea that normalized is 1% to 3%. On the other side of things, I think if you look at the quarter, we are turning in almost 12% return on sales for the quarter. And so the question is, can beef and pork continue to operate at those levels? And we think that over time, that will likely move back more to the middle ground, right. And so let me use the sort of more recent trends, I think, as sort of what we’re talking about when we say normalized. There is a lot of global demand for these products. And I think, as an analyst group, you would want to spend some time really understanding whether or not that the ground has shifted in the sense that beef has – there’s growing demand for beef around the world. And there are not a lot of geographies actually that can produce it. This is one of them.
