Donnie Smith: Okay. So first of all, let me say we don't have that scenario. Our grain group has done a good job, and they've got us coverage out a couple of months in front of us well below the market. So this scenario is purely hypothetical, but let's think about it. At current values, spot corn is probably going to deliver something like $9 a bushel. Meal, you're probably going to be something like 5 50 delivered. So that's probably going to count to a live cost in the low 50s. Let's call that, say, $0.52 a pound. So today, our live cost is probably just a tick under $0.45 a pound, so our live cost would go up immediately $0.07 a pound. Now yielded, that's probably going to be like $0.10 on a finished pound. So we're not making $0.10 a finished pound today in chicken, so no -- in that hypothetical scenario, and I'm really glad it is hypothetical, we would not make money. Now thinking back, if I look at June, we've just baked in benchmarking services, a couple. And so looking back at June, we were top quartile in one, top tertile in the other, so we're operating across all of our businesses fairly well. And if I think back to the top spots in those surveys, probably the #1, #2 spots were around that $0.10-a-pound mark. I'd say pricing has probably softened up a little bit now versus June. We've seen breast meat prices come down and such, and obviously the live cost is probably going to be a little higher. So in your scenario, no, we wouldn't be profitable, and I don't think anybody would be, just based on what we see in those benchmarking services. Now going forward into the fall, fortunately, our cost of goods in Q4 is going to be fairly well contained. I do anticipate, and we've seen a little bit of softness in the last couple of weeks, that with the current supply, pricing is likely to soften a little bit going into Q4, as it typically does, and then into the Q1, on end of the fall, that typically is not a very strong pricing period, too. So that's kind of our view going forward.
Donnie Smith: Yes, you're reading it correctly. We're a couple of months out in front on our grain cost, which pretty much covers us through Q4. And that's -- what we really wanted to do in our grain strategy was to get us into new crop. Frankly, I would have liked to have seen a better new crop to get into, but be that as it may, it is what it is, so -- and we are -- we're covered through the end of September. So as we get into new crop, our grain costs will likely go up, looking at today's markets. But you're exactly right. A few things are giving us the optimism about being profitable. Number one is the pricing and the opportunities there. But also we've spent a lot of money on our Chicken business in the last couple of years. We still think there's some room for operating efficiency gains, probably on the order of about another $100 million. Jim mentioned, and I think I did too, about our international operations having a really tough quarter. And we think those will improve. The environment will improve there coming into 2013. That will help some. We are going to continue to sell more value-added, and as we do, that will improve the revenue side of our business. And two, our buy-versus-grow strategy is giving us a cost advantage because we're not saddled with parts of the chicken that don't carry very high revenue, and we're able to buy the parts we need at generally below our cost and convert those into value-added items. So you add all that stuff up, and that's what gives us the optimism going into 2013. And by the way, going into 2013, our estimate as of about a week ago, and hey, this corn market is bouncing around like a yoyo, so -- but as of a week ago, we were anticipating an incremental $700 million in grain cost in 2013, just to kind of...
Donnie Smith: Okay, I think I understood your question. So we are predicting, or in our model for 2013, we do have current slaughter pounds in the forecast. Now let me talk about what we think we're going to happen. Let's look back -- well, about a year ago, this time or so, we were talking about this. We looked back at a couple of periods now when our Chicken business has been in that 6% or so range, one, that April, May, June period of '09. And during that time, we had a 6% return on sales, and slaughter pounds were running around $8.60 a week for the industry, and that gave us the environment we needed to be able to get the pricing we needed up on top of our cost structure. Now let me hasten on to say, during that year, corn was around $5 and meal was somewhere between $325 and $350-ish. So then fast forward now, up into 2012, the third quarter just ended 2012, you've got about 800 and 80-ish million or so slaughter pounds, and you've got probably $7 corn and $360 meal. So what made the difference there? It was all those things we mentioned before: the operating efficiencies, more value-added, our buy-versus-grow strategy, all those things. And so if you look at now the impact of this $0.07-a-pound live production increase, it would just make sense to us that something south of that 860 million slaughter pounds, which by the way I think is pretty close to your math of 2% to 3%, is probably the minimum to provide the environment that we're going to need to be able to get our pricing structure up on top of this cost structure that's coming our way.
Donnie Smith: Farha, I just couldn't say. I mean for us, we -- last year, we cut production 6% to 8% and we have held solid with those cuts all year long. That allows us to buy meat on the outside market. And I'll tell you, through Q3, we probably bought 60 loads of meat on the low side and over 100, maybe between 115 and 120, loads of meat a week on the upside, and then brought that -- bought it below our cost in most cases and then brought that in to further process it, which meant we didn't have parts of the bird that would be in oversupply, that would have hurt our sales revenues. So I can't speak for what somebody else may be thinking about with their balance sheet. I'm really proud of our team for doing a great job. If I look at our Chicken business, Donnie King and his group have taken over $900 million out of our cost structure since, call it, mid-'08. That's significant. They've done a great job. They've been very, very prudent in how they've spent their capital, and they've got these plants running great. And so all of those things, put together, give us the optimism. But I can tell you, we don't have any plans to increase our production at all. We don't have any plans to cut anything further. If demand erodes, we might buy a few less loads on the outside. But we're continuing with our production cutbacks. That's -- I can talk about us. That's -- I can't speak for the rest of the industry.
Donnie Smith: It's interesting. If you go back in just about every year, regardless of where the wing price starts, when you go into the winter wing season, wing prices escalate. So we may test that this year, but so far, every year, wing prices go up during wing season, so...
Donnie Smith: Okay. Let's talk about retail first. Overall, fresh meat sales are down. Hey, as pricing increases, it does hurt volume. Sales dollars are there, but volume is down. Beef and pork are down more than chicken. Fresh chicken sales are about flat. Beef's down; pork's down. At foodservice, really, chicken has had a pretty good summer at foodservice. Demand for the other items is fair at best. Pork has actually probably been the softest between beef and pork. As we look at -- we tend to look at holiday seasons as kind of an indicator for things to come, and Memorial Day was just average at best. And then when we went into Fourth of July, chicken demand was just fair. Pork was a little bit soft. Beef did okay. Beef got a lot of feature activity in retail during the Fourth of July holiday. As we look at it now, as prices edge higher, it's probably going to hurt demand. We haven't really seen -- well, hey, you might call 4%, 5% volume down in beef and pork and flat chicken, meaning some shift into chicken. You might -- could interpret that. But really, we haven't seen what I would call wholesale movement between the proteins. They are trading down within the category from more expensive muscle cut, maybe down into grind and that kind of thing. But really haven't seen wholesale movement between the proteins.
Donnie Smith: Yes. I think you've mentioned the primary 2. We want to keep a little more dry powder around this and just be cautionary. And then as we get into the year and we get more visibility into what our working capital needs are going to be, I have absolutely no problem continuing to invest in the business. Obviously, there are acquisitions that are out there that may interest us in the future, buying our stock back. I think we're a great value. So all of those things are there. Other than that, no, we really don't want to change our strategy. We're on point, growing our value-added businesses, doing those things we need to do to take care of our customers and lead with quality, our service and innovation. Our guys have done a great job. Noel White and his group have done a super job with their premium programs in Beef and Pork and continue to operate their business better than the indexes that they compare themselves to. So no. That's the whole point. It was to weather the storm and get to a point like this to where we could continue down our path and have a balance sheet that would support that.
Donnie Smith: Let me go to the latter. What we did was kind of look back into environments that happened before, when we got into an environment where we could add pricing. But in our business, we have remained cut back, the 6% or 8% or so we did back a year ago, and we're going to continue with our current production plans, is the plan now. Now, things may change depending on what grain does or something like that. But currently, we don't have any plans to change our production because we're producing well below our demand today, thus buying all the parts we're buying. So we like our production model being well short of our demand.
Donnie Smith: Well, I mentioned in an earlier question that we're top quartile in one of our benchmarking services and top third in the other. So that's about as much as I could say about how we compare.
Donnie Smith: Well, you're making a good point for us, Ryan, because inventories are low and that's certainly an advantage to us. But think, I mean, we're facing today, not knowing what's in front of us, $9 corn delivered and $550 million -- I mean, $550 soybean meal, which is going to have your live cost above $0.50 a pound -- I would -- somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.52 a pound. That frankly is just untenable. So we talked about earlier, as we went back into earlier periods when there was 860 million slaughter pounds, that -- and in those environments, we had the pricing structure that we needed to get on top of our current cost. By the way, we've improved our business since then. But if you just look at that, it stands to reason to us that with this wave of feed cost coming at us, you certainly -- we need to be below that level in order to have a favorable pricing environment. Now our forecast for the year is to operate profitably in this environment, so anything that -- any time the environment improves, that should be additive to our business.
Donnie Smith: No, not that we wouldn't if the math worked. But we've got a lot of truck corn bought from local farmers close to our feed mills. And right now the value -- imported values out of Brazil wouldn't compete with the cost that we've got local truck grain bought for, so -- but we run the math constantly. And when it works, that's an avenue for us.
Donnie Smith: Yes, we're definitely seeing the softness that you hear a little bit about in the China economy, and that's affecting the wholesale value. So basically, what the story there is, Tim, we have a young start-up business that we run today largely dependent on market birds. The premiums we will get will come when we have these biosecured company-owned houses, which that part makes up only 20% of the 2 million head that we're slaughtering today. So when you combine -- let me hasten on to say, the cost structure we see in those live production assets is great. The premiums that we see over the wholesale markets, both at retail and foodservice, is what we expected. So our business model looks right. It feels good. We're very optimistic about what we're doing there. It's just we're a young start-up, fledgling business, and today we're way too dependent on wholesale markets. And it's been soft. Pretty much the same story in Brazil as we move towards a more value-added mix. This boneless leg meat deal in Japan, when that market closed, it kind of backed up through and affected -- of course, and the problems -- economic problems in Europe have slowed down breast meat prices there. So if you take the boneless leg meat market closing in Japan and the softness in the breast meat market in Europe, a lot of that had ripple effects into other markets and ended up backing up a lot of meat into the domestic business. And again, we don't have our value-added mix sold out like we want to yet, so we were very dependent on the wholesale markets and that was just not a good place to be in Q3. We see some improvement now, and we do predict kind of steady improvement. It's liable to be a couple more quarters out, though, before we're feeling a whole lot better about that. And, hey, the story is in Brazil, get your plants double-shifted and get into that value-added mix like our business model says we have to do. And in China, we can't build chicken houses fast enough. So the model is good. We'll get there. It's just we're too dependent on export and wholesale markets today.
Donnie Smith: Good question. No, I think at the cost level, so far for the run rate, feels okay, not -- it's going to be woefully inadequate to cover the cost structure that's coming at us, so we will definitely need to take more. But I'm proud of our guys. We won some price based on the things we'd like to win our price increase on, which is having a great quality product in the box or in the tray. Our service on time and order fill has just been phenomenal. And two, we lead with innovative capability. We've had a lot of our customers in the Discovery Center working on ways to grow their business, and so for that, we get rewarded for adding that value to their business with a pricing structure that makes sense. So no, I wouldn't say we're disappointed in where we are. I think our folks have done a good job. They do know they've got another hill to climb, and we're headed that way.
Donnie Smith: Yes, sure. Our lunchmeat business, we've talked about that a little bit before, continues to make improvement. Proud of that team. I'll tell you our Wright brand bacon has well outpaced category growth there. We've extended the Wright brand beyond bacon now, into dinner sausages, and are very pleased with that. We are seeing some movement and pretty optimistic around chicken lunchmeat. We've got some smoked meat offerings coming out. We've actually done very well in our franks business. And two, we've got a new offering coming very soon into the marketplace in the next 2 or 3 months, which -- well, it is back to a chicken offering, which will be gluten-free strips and nuggets. So adding value to the red meat items, whether it's pizza topping. Our tortilla business has done well as well. So it's really been a fairly broad-based growth in all of those Prepared Foods segments, and we see a continued bright future and a lot of growth opportunities in that segment.
Donnie Smith: A little bit of -- the answer to both of those questions is yes. Our optimism is based around where grains are today because that's really the only visibility we have. And we do see improvements in the back end, not so much in our costing model, but on the revenue side of the model. It's a little bit back-half loaded. But to your question, we are using current grain prices, current soybean meal, however the spot market is plus the basis freight delivered to our feed mills, in the cost structure.
Donnie Smith: Number one, yes, we are -- as we talk to customers today, they do see that this is an unprecedented movement in grain that is likely to have an impact on the supply of meat in all 3 proteins, maybe all 4 proteins, including turkey, I guess, on the market as we move forward. Now the exact timing of when which segment will cut back and supply will decrease, we have our ideas, but I won't speculate on that. But I think everyone that we talk to realizes that the meat situation in America is going to tighten up and that's going to have an impact on pricing. USDA has got their figures. We kind of pencil in ours. But hey, our Chicken business has done -- the domestic Chicken business did very well, I think, in Q3. We continue to add not only operating efficiencies, but we continue to grow our value-added. And we're getting paid for the value that we're adding to our customers' businesses. And so that's what keeps us optimistic, is the fact that this situation is untenable. It's going to change. And we're in a position because we've so dramatically reduced the amount of fixed cost -- fixed price -- long-term annual fixed-price agreements that we have to be able to take advantage of helping a customer ensure supply by being in an arrangement with a great supplier.
Donnie Smith: A couple of years, 2014, yes. We should grow steadily in company-controlled biosecure houses between now and 2014.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Well, that wraps up our call for today. We obviously have some challenging months ahead, but we've got the right team in place and the right plan to handle what comes our way. So thanks for joining us today, and have a great day.
James V. Lochner: This is Jim. The drought definitely will have a long-term impact to the overall beef supply because I do believe that it's done a little bit what it did last year. And obviously, if it starts to make cattle come to the feedlots earlier, it changes some of the geography of where they're fed. But more importantly, this year, what it's doing, as well as the price of corn going up, caused a radical correction to the feeder cattle pricing, with that revenue dropping as much as $200 a head over that time frame. So it wasn't short run. That -- what that did is probably stopped any heifer retention that was going on or anticipated to go on. And you have to remember that those calves -- those heifer calves now won't be probably staying in the herd, will go into the feedlot. So over the next 6 months to 1 year, they would be into the feedlot numbers. But over the long run, we will have to see capacity adjust, likely either through plant closing or capacity utilization reductions. And we've always got to remind everybody that our plants have always been situated where the cost-competitive feedlots exist. And peripheral feedlots generally have a higher operating cost. And then on top of that, they have a higher freight cost to get cattle to the plant when they get outside their region. So I think that's a key component. So I agree that we'll probably have to see and we'll likely see some capacity utilization reduction. The timing of that is difficult to look at and nail down, but in general, that's correct. And then I think one other thing on cattle. We've seen dramatically a shift in the length and time cattle are fed, which has reduced those feedlot turns, probably in combination of higher grain costs and the accelerated movement, particularly last year from the drought, with cattle being in the feedlots longer. So it's a lot more difficult than it's been in prior year's to predict exactly what we think is going to happen on a timing basis for availability. So that's a fairly long answer to that question, but that's what we see.
James V. Lochner: I think the key is we've have a rapid run-up in grain, and with the drought and the overall supplies of grain worldwide, we don't look like we're going to see a radical correction downwards. So the optimism waiting for the grain market to correct down isn't there. So that to me shortened the potential time frames.
James V. Lochner: Yes. The month of June was -- May and June corrected. We got the relationship, with the revenue increasing above the cattle cost. And our effort is always to try to run for gross margin as best as we can, and that means maximize the revenue of the beef, maximize the mix, watch our costs and really look at the forward supplies of cattle and the forward demand and try to keep those in harmony.
James V. Lochner: Typically, you do start to see an increase in numbers coming off of the summer heat, and usually that kind of a June time frame is from the prior year's summer heat as it affects fertility rates. So we would expect that coming into the back half of August into September, October, we'll see kind of what we used to call the normal fall run, and we'd expect numbers at this point to be in the 1% to 2%. I don't think they'll be anywhere close to pushing the maximum slaughter capacity of the industry. And then you always have to -- or just look at the whole cycle approach here and say that high-priced grain will impact production, but you still have a pipeline of about 10 months in production that's coming at you. So I'd say that the impact to producer profitability will start to feel 10 months from now. And then the summer -- this summer's heat also will have probably some issues as we get into kind of next summer's processing.
James V. Lochner: We're not in the sow processing end of the business, but I am hearing that there are more sows being offered. And you would expect to see some early liquidation as a result of the run-up in grain prices. But that's what we're hearing, and I'll just have to monitor it week over week and month over month to look at what the projected long-range supplies are going to be.
James V. Lochner: Oh, what drives my optimism is you've still seen really strong export demand. You've seen an industry that can flex on the live production side. It's also put down a lot of efficiencies. We'll have to just watch and see what will happen as overall protein prices increase, whether or not -- how much demand destruction there may be or won't be. One interesting thing that's going on this year with the drought, there's been so much communication out in the popular press about expecting higher prices because of a reduced corn crop. And so I do think that at least we'll start to see some acceptance and maybe a little less demand destruction. And we'll definitely have ample supplies through the majority of our fiscal '13. So the other key component that I think one always has to look at is that the high grain prices in the U.S. are affecting worldwide grain prices, and we're still the most efficient producer of pork and chicken throughout the world. So again, the U.S. should be favorably impacted from our overall efficiency in export. So those are a lot of different reasons why I don't see anything real detrimental on the horizon in Pork.
James V. Lochner: Well, I just -- that's -- let me just -- off my last answer, I do think that we'll continue to see demand for -- in the countries we export to, which hopefully will persist. If there are that degree of liquidation against a small base, I don't look at their liquidation putting extra pounds on the market that have to be -- that are going to materially impact their need to import product. Clearly, the AI scenario in Mexico has some issue relative to overall just chicken movement within the country, which appeared to strengthen pricing here in the last several weeks. And then in the EU, we continue to hear about pig production being curtailed from a variety of different reasons. But again, as I mentioned in the previous answer, worldwide grain prices are going up as well, so the world's protein producers are going to feel this impact, and the U.S. is the most efficient place to grow pork and chicken. So I would expect that we'll see that long-term ramification from that.
James V. Lochner: I want to add one other thing. We spend -- do spend a lot of time with customers, showing them the supply/demand fundamentals, what's out in front of them, what the moves are. And that does help them immensely. The dialogue gives them some anticipation of what they think the supply will be relative to demand forward and their thinking about prices, so...
James V. Lochner: I'd add one other thing, and that is even with the Perishable data showing down 3% in 4 weeks and 13 weeks down 1%, and the volume is down 8%, the wholesale prices of beef have been high. They've been higher than a year ago. So the balance of the cutout has still been high.
James V. Lochner: Well, I think -- we look back a lot and do a lot of work looking at history, correlating live pounds and overproduction against demand. The data basically says to increase price, you've got to pull back production, and the market will have to do its job. How fast that happens under what environment is difficult for anybody to predict. And then I think as we look across the board, and we just -- again, history tells us that will happen. Who, how fast, when is virtually impossible to tell. We have thoughts, but we're certainly not going to talk about anybody specifically. We really try -- as Donnie keeps saying, we manage our own business with a lot of focus on demand forecast by part, what our production runs are going to have to be, and manage it out 13, 14 weeks in advance. And we do know what we have ahead of us with increased live production costs. So we're going to work on pricing and all the dialogue associated therein.
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add is -- in my comments previously that I'd add now would be you've seen different parts of the bird particularly carry different percentage of the overall, with breast meat being soft, wing's high, leg quarters running pretty strong prices all year. And again, we really try to manage through total revenue component and look at where the opportunity to maximize that, be it in-country, be it export. So I think the market there -- will there be demand destruction with higher prices? Generally that's normal activity and the supply generally coming down. We'll have to offset it until equilibrium again occurs. So the timing of that is very difficult to call. But I do believe people will eat protein. The world will still have the same overall demand for protein. There will be adjustments on the parts. And we'll just have to see how fast that comes up to cover increased live costs.
James V. Lochner: In that 14%, we did process fewer head. Carcass weight was up. Then our outside cattle purchases really related to the impact of the relationship we have with BPI, with their volume down, where we basically captured some of that towel [ph] and sold. So it was the combination of those 3 things on the line.
James V. Lochner: The issue really gets critical when you are going to average -- I've got to get my math right here, but I'll make it simple. When you think you're going to average less than $36, it's critical. We were well north of that. We always do our capacity utilization on a 6-day week, and I don't think there's -- we're not going to see volumes out there that are going to warrant much Saturday operation. But we were still in the high 70s on capacity utilization on a 6-day capacity. But you've also got to kind of look at that number because when you're adding value on your cut floors and going to more value-added mixes, you have to watch how you really run your plant. So sometimes you'll sacrifice throughput for revenue. And that's part of that overall game of trying to maximize revenue against cost, against the supply. So sometimes you'll take a capacity reduction simply to maximize your revenue to get a higher mix. That's why it's a lot less dependent than a pure number of just saying what's the capacity utilization, and we're always making those adjustments. That's why I'm a bit vague with the answer.
James V. Lochner: Yes, let me -- I just apologize for jumping in there, but it was not only the most important thing to follow. Maximizing revenue has always been a key driver. It's just that people like to look at that relative to the supply and the adjustments. So, yes, the key is really maximizing the revenue through mix and sales and then looking forward to what that type of cattle supplies are out in front and really trying to match those. And we're not hesitant to try to drop a little bit of the daily capacity or the daily run rates to try to maximize those revenues.
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add is we also had a plant start-up, which actually hurt us in this, which we started our Council Bluffs pepperoni plant, which will be a very efficient process there. They're much more competitive than some of our existing pepperoni. And we'll continue to really put a lot of focus in our overall Prepared Foods, particularly the sausage and pizza topping businesses, as well as the lunchmeat. So we're very encouraged with the activity and the project list that we have on incremental improvements throughout the whole category we call prepared...
James V. Lochner: When I hear that, and I tend to think that until I go look at the numbers, and then I see that the cutout has ran a very high level, and currently is running a much higher number relative to last year. When I look at the Perishable data, you'll see the volumes being down and the prices being down. But the reality is the market's absorbing. It did absorb a choice cutout in the 190s through the bulk of May. It came off after the Fourth of July. It's a very difficult thing to answer other than looking at history, but we do know that the supplies will continue to come down. The prices probably will continue to rise. And the export demand, I think even though it's down year-over-year, January through May, about 11%, now we expect to see probably exports continue -- or will strengthen in the back half and potentially into '13. Again, that overall available worldwide supply keeps dropping, and so I think there are a number of consumers that are really -- the price isn't the primary driver. So it's a long answer to say, I'm not sure. I can't predict the future very well. But I can look at the supply dynamic going down. And history tells me that as supplies come down, prices will continue to inflate.
