Donnie King: Well, let me start off with and tell you that we really got off to a good start in Q1. And there are a number of factors with Q1 and what we saw in Q1 and our optimism as we look to the balance of the year. We've adjusted a number of pricing mechanisms to be more variable in nature. We've seen prior elasticities, for example, in Prepared Foods being less or lower than what they have historically been, which is exciting there. We've been able to maintain volume in this inflationary environment. Inflation, as we see it will continue -- is continuing to move up. We're really excited about our productivity program relative to the whole company. We're anticipating $300 million, $400 million, and we're on track through Q1 relative to that. Just doing what we do better and we talk about becoming a more agile, faster decision-making organization. Essentially, that's all about process and being better, faster and making decision that with greater speed at lower levels within the organization. But because of our vaccination position, we've now moved past the surge of the Omicron spike, as we call it, which occurred predominantly in the first 3 weeks of January, and we're back to normal levels. We think our vaccine mandate served us well and making that commitment and really making our team members' health and safety and their families and communities our highest priority has served us through the new variant. We've seen better absenteeism and turnover throughout the organization. We think labor will be available, will be much greater in the balance of the year. And we certainly have capacities coming online with head and harvest and Chicken and further processing capabilities, value-added capabilities in Prepared and Chicken. And we've got labor going back into beef and pork plants, and we'll be able to improve those mixes as well as increase the harvest capacity.
Donnie King: Okay, Peter, I'll tell you. I'll start, and then I will let David make a few comments. But over the last year or so, we've been -- the recovery for our Chicken business has been a priority. Specifically, as it relates to buy versus grow, the fact of the matter is, we became too dependent on the buy portion of the model. And we forgot to grow Chicken, which hurt us from a capacity utilization perspective and those additional pounds flowing through our business really impacted our fixed cost leverage. So we tilted too far on the buy portion of this. And over the last year, as we been building the breeding stock and getting past the hatch issue that we talked about so much last year, we're now in a better position to get more head through our processing and harvest facilities and which will give us more breast meat at a much more attractive price point versus the buy in the marketplace right now. We have not totally abandoned the buy portion and do not anticipate totally abandoning that, but there's a smaller percentage of our overall needs that we will go to the market to secure. But we're on plan with what we intended to do. And with that, David, why don't you add a little bit.
Donnie King: I would add to this that we are -- we have in our biosecurity programs, we have green, which is just normal business; yellow, orange and red, which are progressive. On the East Coast, as Dave mentioned, we are in the orange category at this point. So a lot of attention and a lot of watching. I saw the case over the weekend in Florida, which I think now is 5 states, which we have seen avian influenza.
Donnie King: Sure. Well, I mean, we're still in the plant-based protein business. We still like it. Consumer demand continues to be good. We've seen a lot more growth late. But across retail and foodservice, we continue to see growth. Now that's off a very small base, as you might imagine. But we're continuing to see growth. But for us, with our presence outside the United States, in Europe and China, and also in Southeast Asia, we also have plant-based products in those markets that are doing really, really well also. So we're still excited about the plant-based business and when consumers prefer that, we want to have the opportunity to be able to provide that for them and are currently and are growing. And let me ask Noelle if there's anything she'd like to add to that.
Donnie King: Well, automation is -- I've talked about it in a great deal in our productivity program, I talked about at Investor Day, that we anticipate over the next 3 years as that be worth about $450 million to us. So we're spending significant amounts of capital on that. Stewart talked about in his opening remarks about the $2 billion of CapEx for capacity. But a great deal of the money is being spent is on automation and technology that we are deploying. . I would tell you, in our Q1, we are on track. We had a number of different projects, and we've moved from a -- have really moved from a project to project to more of a programmatic approach where we attack common things across our production footprint, for example, could be deboning across all chicken, could be like palletizing, for example, an automation that's available there across the entire enterprise, material handling-type things, but all of these are in terms of priority or the more difficult, harder to staff jobs. And so I would tell you, in short, we are on track. We will deliver $300 million to $400 million in productivity savings, and some of that is coming from the automation piece. To the best of my knowledge, we've not disclosed how much is coming from each sector, but we're moving as quickly as humanly possible as quickly as the supply chain will allow us to get new pieces of equipment and so forth.
Donnie King: I would add this piece of context to that, Ken, that in '22, we have this -- we've -- where we intersect in publicly benchmark data. We have crossed that line with competitors, the industry at large with our hatch.
Donnie King: Okay. Let me start broadly, and then I will let Shane speak a few details around Pork and there are similarities with that. But for example, in the Pork business, the labor availability in pork and chicken has been the single biggest challenge that we've had over the last 2 years in the pandemic. Capacity utilization has been better in pork than it has been in chicken. Labor and capacity utilization is continuing, it has been good in pork and continues to get better. The thing that has hurt us to some degree on both pork and chicken is mix or capturing some things like of harvest in chicken or pause or a similar specialty products in pork. We've just not been able to fully optimize that. For example, in pork, maybe the inability to debone a ham versus selling a whole ham. And those are the type of things. But as we enter '22 in both businesses, we're in a much better position in terms of labor improving, and we still have some ways to go, but we see improving mix and capacity utilization across all businesses. And I'll let Shane speak to -- maybe do a few more things in Pork.
Donnie King: Let me add one comment to this, that I try to remind everyone. In addition to all the things that both Shane and David have said, I would remind us of the One Tyson approach, which is our international business unit that we have in China. And with leg quarters and pork and beef products and prepared foods product as well. When we export those commodity-based products outside the United States, in many cases today -- or in most cases today, we take them in and further process chicken leg quarters and the like into value-added branded products into China in an approach we call One Tyson. And then we're able to sell it and capture an additional margin on top of all that, eliminating a number of activities and hands touched in the middle of the process. So I'll leave it at that.
Donnie King: Let me start with that one. Let me start with simply saying that freight costs are up 32% for us. I talked about some of the technology we use to -- in my opening remarks, where we would intersect between our private fleet contract fleet outside carriers and try to optimize how we do that. And we've seen a lot -- we've had a lot of success. It took like a lot of the inflation happened so rapidly. It took a bit to get on top of that. But thus far, we have been successful in being able to get the transportation and we've asked our customers to pay us for that and pay us for freight, and we've been successful in doing so.
Donnie King: Well, you're right. Labor has been a challenge for a bit now. We looked at this in terms of trying to solve for Tyson. And our approach has been to try to create a better place for people to work, a better work experience with less turnover and less absenteeism with just keeping team members safe. In our first quarter, we paid $50 million in bonuses to our team members for no reason other than to say thank you for choosing Tyson. Thank you for being on our team. And we've had to do a number of things like piloting childcare and subsidized child care, onsite clinics. And we've also are investing with our strong balance sheet heavily in terms of automation to take away some of those more difficult jobs. Now our workforce, to be clear, is made up of a number of different immigrants and people from all over the world in different nationalities and so we've benefited through the years like many others have of having such a diverse workforce. And so we continue to pursue those things like Afghan refugees. We tried to be available with -- working with the government in terms of having availability and we've worked with communities in terms of trying to build or define housing to support that, to make it easier. I mean we're doing all kinds of things along that line to be able to make it easy to do business with Tyson, easy to go to work for Tyson and do it all the right way. And so that's been our approach. I know of no magic or no pool of people anywhere that we are targeting to try to take care of the labor situation. We're trying to solve it by doing a number of things to make us a better place to work.
Donnie King: Yes. I would add this to what Noelle said, we have seen a lot of inflation. But I would remind you that cost of food in the U.S., while it is higher, is relative to the balance of the world. Labor costs have been up 20%, cattle costs are up -- have been -- they're up 22%. Grain has been up 29% this year and freight, I mentioned earlier, is up 32%. We're not asking customers or the consumer ultimately to pay for our inefficiencies. We're asking them to pay for inflation. And the rest of what we do is we try to find ways to be more productive, to lower cost and increase throughputs and so forth. And we feel good about our ability to do a lot of that while serving our customers.
Donnie King: They are where they are right now. And I know that's not a very good answer. I mean there is a price point where it could be impactful. But at Tyson, we play across the spectrum from the most value-added products to the most commodity of commodity products and we meet the consumer wherever they are on the value chain. And so we intend to continue to grow our business and serve those consumers wherever they are.
Donnie King: Thank you, Andrea, and thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking again soon.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Look, thanks for that, Adam. If you go back to Investor Day, we were really focused on being able to point to the strong growth story that sits in front of our Tyson's future. And part of that was a pretty significant allocation of increased capital to CapEx spending and various capacity expansion. So it was an intention to leave stock buyback to the end, but stock buybacks have been talked about in history, and they will be in the future. The one thing we've said is that we do look each year to try to buy back the dilution. And after that, it will be more opportunistic. But growth is a focus for our company.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. So I would tell you, within Chicken specifically, I would tell you, we have restructured our pricing approach, and that's really in large part, thanks to our commercial organization as well as the great customer relationships that we have across both our retail and food service networks. I would tell you today, we are significantly more variable pricing versus fixed. And again, we're not even utilizing fixed rate within our conversations. Every contractor program that we have is either tied to grain, tied to market value and we will continue to use that. Pricing was up significantly in Chicken in the Q1 time frame of over 20%, and a large part of that was because of the variable programs that we put in place.
Stewart Glendinning: Absolutely. Thank very much. And again, there's flexibility both going up and there's flexibility going down. Our partners in both retail and food stores understand what those metrics are. And we will go up and we will go down based off of how we put our programs together. But the biggest piece of it is the fact that it is much more variable today than it has been at any point in time.
David Bray: Yes. I think -- Peter, thank you for the question. I think one way also look at this is we will buy outside meat to the extent it is the right financial decision. From our standpoint, we will continue to manage against what is right, as whether buy versus grow. But generally, outside meat purchases are going to be used to supplement what we're doing when it's the right financial decision. And as what Donnie -- as Donnie stated, volume is critical. It's one of the big levers of what we are going to accomplish in FY '22 to grow the animals ourselves into processes, and that will make us much more efficient.
David Bray: Yes, absolutely. Ken, good morning. Thank you. And yes, the USDA has reported that this high patent variant has only been found in the wild bird population. And it's really been within the East Coast of the United States. I would tell you more specifically to what Tyson is doing versus what the industry is doing is, but we have a very robust biosecurity measures in place across all of our facilities, and that includes testing every flock for avian influenza. In addition, at Tyson, we have heightened our biosecurity measures in all of our facilities on the East Coast. Some of those things that we've done are we're reducing number of trips that we're taking to farms. We're actually taking extra time and doing more cleaning of our vehicles that do go to the farms, but we are ahead of this and have been watching it very closely.
David Bray: Absolutely, Ken. Thank you. I think first and foremost, we do need to say that we are ahead of what we had expected from a Q1 stand point related to our overall hatch. I'll also share with you that -- and again, this is everything specific to Tyson. I mean really I won't speak to and cannot speak to what's happening within the industry. We understand we ended FY '22 with a growth mindset. We really demonstrated that within Q1 where we grew our volumes 3.6%. As we enter '21, I can tell you, we are up in egg sets. We are up in both chicks placed as well as overall breeder production. Our to continue to grow like we did for the -- in Q1 for the balance of '22. Our hatch is a critical component to that.
David Bray: To answer your question relative to what we're seeing within poultry, very similar to his comments that Shane was making about the demand remains extremely strong. And I would tell you that it's really not a demand and price are really not the issue. We're dealing with the same port congestion in the poultry organization. But that really underscores the need for us as an organization to make sure that we are upgrading our mix and to utilize those in domestic use. A cutting those of the drum and thighs and using them within alternate channels domestically. We are targeting both deli and foodservice for some of those opportunities.
Noelle O'Mara: Sure. Just as a build, we want to be leaders across all the proteins that consumers seek. And we know that consumer interest in adoption is growing in this space. And we'll continue to be guided by the consumer needs and the opportunities and -- you see the Raised & Rooted products that we've launched domestically. We continue to have opportunities internationally, and we'll continue to ensure that we are participating with consumer interest and adoption growth.
Noelle O'Mara: I can give you a bit of context to what we're currently seeing. So demand continues to be strong across both retail and foodservice driven by our strong equities in our diverse portfolio. And as you said, we're pleased with the market performance that we're seeing despite the price increases, which is really due to the strength of our brands and the strong partnership and relationships that we've built with our customers. Elasticity has been less than the historical models that Donnie has mentioned, but it's clearly something that we're watching closely. And so we're constantly reviewing our pricing and revenue management strategies. As the landscape changes, we'll continue to take thoughtful approaches on those critical levers. As you also heard in the comments, we're taking significant actions to transform our cost base and we're creating good momentum there. And so on the year, we continue to feel good about the 7% to 9% range that we've given, and we believe we have the right building blocks in place on our path to deliver sustainable double-digit margin.
Noelle O'Mara: Sure. So as I mentioned, we're constantly reviewing pricing and revenue management strategies, and it is a dynamic environment. And as the environment continues to evolve, we'll be very thoughtful about our approaches. Pricing is just one of the levers in our toolkit. We look at productivity and cost opportunities and other levers to ensure that we have all the pieces coming together to best grow our brands and create business continuity and profitability. And so maybe the other aspects that I would point to is that we have a broad and diverse portfolio with a range of price points to ensure that we have offerings that meet a variety of consumer needs and price pack architecture also becomes critical in these inflationary times, and you see that focus for us across the business.
Shane Miller: Yes. Thanks, Donnie, and you hit on most of it there. But I think the other thing to add to this, too, is as we think globally here, Tyson is a global company and we're servicing a lot of companies and countries across the globe. And the key to this is being able to balance that with our domestic business and looking at what we have from a throughput and a labor perspective. So labor has been a challenge. We'll get in the animals through the facility, but it's the further processing we're doing on the back end of the plant that's been a bit of a challenge. So staying focused on optimizing our labor usage and maximizing throughput and contribution when we look at it on a labor per man-hour basis has been the key.
Shane Miller: Yes. So I'll take the Beef question. So the U.S. is a leader in global beef production, and it's centered around our superior taste and quality. And the producers that we're partnering with in this country are doing a phenomenal job are increasingly preferring U.S.-produced beef, and we're seeing stronger global demand as a result of that. Port congestion on the West Coast, as you mentioned, has been an issue, and it's impacting not only the short-term international demand, but also fulfillment on orders that focused on is implemented strategies and options to not only diversify shipping ports, but also to mitigate our risk as we go forward. But we continue to see very good interest coming out of Asia, especially for our high-quality yield and beef. And a good example around that is China. China has become the #3 destination for U.S. beef. And Tyson has a competitive advantage with not only our direct business, but our international business unit that we have in in-country there in China. So significant resources in country, a lot of customers demand in beef, and we feel real good about 2022 and going forward.
Shane Miller: Yes, I was going to say -- this is Shane. The only thing I'd are certain markets that are a little more difficult to shift into versus others. So you got to think about backhauls and what your cost mechanism is going to be to recover that, too. So that would be the only other component I'd add on to what Donnie said.
