Jim Lochner: Thanks Donnie. This is my first quarter being involved in the chicken business and while the terminology is different, the basics of yields, cost, maximizing revenue are the same as other protein businesses. We've done a good job of optimizing the performance of our fresh meat business, our prepared foods business and I am very pleased with the strides we are making in the chicken business. In the first quarter of fiscal 2010 the chicken segment posted an operating income of $78 million and an operating margin of 3.2% compared to a negative $286 million and a minus 12.8% of first quarter of fiscal 2009. It also compares favorably to our previous quarters margin of 1.2%. Improvement in the chicken segment was driven by better execution in the basics, better yields, mix, live production, controlled spending and labor efficiencies. We improved the return on sales and controlled inventory levels. Volume growth was primarily due to international acquisitions. There is still upside for our chicken business and we'll stay focused on maximizing operational performance. We continue to monitor the rush in import situation and hope for an acceptable resolution. But keep in mind we've reduced our chicken sales to Russia by nearly half from 2008 to 2009. Our sales to Russia accounted for only 10% of our international sales last year. I'm pleased with our mix management in late quarters and expect it to continue to get better. Moving on to the B segment, operating income was $119 million with a 4.4% operating margin. This compares to breakeven results in Q1 '09 and a 4% return in Q4 of '09 excluding a goodwill impairment charge in Q4 of '09. We continue our focus on improving operating cost and maximizing revenue through mix and domestic and international sales channels. The pork segment had another very strong quarter with $62 million in operating income and a 7.6% operating margin versus $55 million and 6.3% in Q1 of '09 and 5.5% in Q4 of '09. Our pork business performed extremely well. We maintained a strong revenue to operating cost relationship. Sales of our branded and premium pork products also contributed to performance. The prepared food segment made $55 million or 7.7% this quarter. This compares to Q1 '09 results of $35 million and 4.7%. In Q4 its 5.3%. We were pleased with our overall capacity utilization, sales mix and product management across the various product lines in businesses within our prepared food segments. The success of beef, pork and prepared food segments was pretty basic, continued hard work and focus on execution. Our chicken group has the same focus and it is reflected in this quarter's results. I expect to see execution continue to improve going forward. On considering the outlook for our industry, it's important to focus on domestic availability of protein rather than production numbers alone. Domestic availability takes in to account production, carcass weights, inventories exports and imports. When you combine all those measurements you'll see the amount of the four major proteins has declined since 2008 and are projected to decline further in 2010. We haven't had a two year decline in protein availability in United States in the past 40 years. Even though food service domestic spend is forecasted to be down again in 2010 we are seeing data supporting increasing retail protein disappearance. Export demand for beef and pork is stronger than a year ago as well. As you know, decreased total supply should be favorable for pricing. We're poised to take advantage of the market opportunities and we're better positioned to deal with changing market conditions. Our team members are doing a great job and 2010 is off to a good start. I want to thank all of our team members for their effort and focus on the business. I'll now turn it over to Dennis who will give you more details on the results for the quarter.
Jim Lochner: Let me answer that Rob, this is Jim. The key thing that the chicken segments is really focused on is just basic key performance indicators, live production cost improvement, yield improvement, mix improvement, inventory management, SG&A management. And the continuous focus and continuous improvement using external benchmarking as well as internal benchmarking continues to drive that improved execution. So I would agree that the highs should be higher and the lows should be higher.
Jim Lochner: The mix hasn't been that dramatic between bird types and we will work through the details associated with the previously announced change overs. So I guess we will take the next question.
Jim Lochner: Let me add a little more to that. When you look at the macro supply issues, 54 million laying hens forecasted would be difficult to increase dramatically to be able to cover that anyhow. This year particularly we'll be in that lag ramp-up phase, which will be dictated how fast that occurs by the overall segment profitability. But when you look at those numbers, it is pretty dramatic, particularly when you compare it to '08 and '07.
Jim Lochner: Certainly the strength or weakness of the dollar does influence the interest and the pricing. However, I look at the big picture and look at the lack of protein, or the protein supplies being down, production being down. And our export interest particularly in Pork was so strong through Q1 and Beef was very strong and Chicken really hasn't changed. I look, in the countries that need the protein, source it. EU is down, Canada is down, and Brazil pulled back in Chicken production. So although the strengthening dollar would imply that we should have decreased interest and that may have some reflection in price, the ability to source that internationally is limited simply going back to the fact that profitability across the world in protein production through the '07, '08 timeframe really curtailed supplies. And again you can't just turn a switch and increase those supplies that fast.
Jim Lochner: I am going to answer that by saying slight. What we had was a very rapid run up in belly and ham prices. Normally you would have a seasonal decline in hams that didn't occur. Again, it goes back to the availability and the strong export interest in that particular commodity category. And secondly bellies were also at surprisingly high levels with strong bacon demand. Since we're not terribly out front in our pricing but there is a lag simply in that correction, so we expect, we and others have noticed an increase, tried to pass through those prices, and that lag will have a slight impact on that return.
Jim Lochner: Yes, over time, and that comes back to the mix and working that as best we can. We pull them back in and try to reduce our exposure to annual fixed forward pricing.
Jim Lochner: I don't have that percentage calculated, but I would say as I've talked about our improved execution, obviously yield is on the revenue side. When I talked about reduce and improved live cost, improved SG&A, and improved cost from handling less inventory, because that translates into less movement, less cold storage costs etcetera. So I didn't calculate that exact percentage, but there are significant components and just pure execution on cost. As you know, the simplest EBIT model is revenue versus cost, and we're focusing heavily on both ends of that equation.
Jim Lochner: Our pounds were up. We've really focused our group into maximizing revenue, minimizing costs, looking at our mixes, and our goal is not market share per se but to try to maximize our operating income and we do a really good job of looking out ahead what cattle are available, and what our demand structure looks like, and we did increase our capacity utilization over the prior quarter from a year ago.  So it comes back, they are just basics, I was surprised actually that the volume when I look at it, wasn't that high over last year. 
Jim Lochner: We're still assessing that since we just really saw a notification, and we had not had a chance yet this morning to start to sort out all the issues associated with the potential anti-dumping so in other words, we're not sure yet. 
Jim Lochner: Tim, the supply as I've been saying all along really has decreased normally at the 1% rate. Carcass weights are up, I always like to do the math here and go if carcass weights were the same as when the cow herd was $35 million, I hate to see swat cattle prices would look like because if you just do that math at 88% less weight, 10-15 years ago, actually that's fairly equivalent now. The head decreased, as you know and most know that we took some of our inefficient plant capacity out over last four to five years, and so the total infrastructure of slaughter capacity to the cow herd is in reasonable shape yet. Our focus is really just on pure execution. Our plants sit in very good regions where cattle are fed, and we are seeing more cattle being fed up in the upper Midwest in the Nebraska-Iowa area than we have before, and I would suspect that the peripheral areas outside the close proximity to grain were higher cost per grains will occur, will be the ones that curtail feeding, so I am not really alarmed over the big picture on this.
Jim Lochner: I would add one thing, the Chicken segment, our operations, our sale, I was really impressed with how driven they are on KPIs and the new KPIs they put in over the last year-and-a-half, two years, and they were so far on their way and just really driving, and looking for not just pennies but tons of pennies and fractions of pennies because of the multiples there, and as Dennis said that is the driving mantra, look for everything, and so we are just going to try to push and make sure we get up into the range and stay in the range.
Jim Lochner: No, simply a combination of carcass weight and head and process more than we did in Q1 of '09 and essentially we tried to set up to improve. What I'm trying to say is we really try to run five day and we really work at daily efficiency. And we've improved daily efficiency and we try to make sure that we have the product sold and we target that five-day. I knew that we had run more head in the carcass weight because the revenues themselves were down year-over-year. But we really don't set out with a game plan on a quarter. We just really run every week and try to maximize the revenue and keep our costs in line and take what it gives us. There is no magic. That is what I'm trying to tell you. That's just the weekly game plan.
Jim Lochner: Yes. The big picture I think that's so interesting is when you look at cold storage collectively across four proteins year-over-year down 19% and you look at particularly the peak year of '08 production because I think looking at things year-over-year can be dangerous, but go look at the peak production years in domestic availability years of '07 and '08, and '10's forecast by most people's accounts are down substantially. And this is a very rare event to see per capita consumption because all four proteins dropping from that peak and I rely on a variety of different people's estimates, and make adjustments for what we see but some of them are in the 7% to 8% decline since that peak and that's a fairly substantial reduction in protein simply because the profitability during that '07 - '08 timeframe across all of those segments did its job. It reduced supply. And the same thing happened in other major protein producing parts of the world. China is the one that's difficult to get numbers but absent China you look at the same thing in the EU, you look at the same thing in Canada. And then Brazil is going through a change in their production in chicken. So that's the big picture. Sometimes we get hung up into looking at the year-over-year, month-over-month but the big trend line is reduced protein, which we've been saying was going to happen. So that's why I think export demand will be very strong. And if the economy starts to increase, and demand in most areas the big year adjustment in down demand was '09 compared to '08 and most of these demand plains look like they might rebound. So again against tighter supplies that's what the picture looks like.
Jim Lochner: I'm trying to figure out where to start answering that one but again, it comes back when you look at the structure and you put your internal focus and deal with things in your own control. So you continually look at how do you maximize revenue through mix, how do you work through your customers to be the go-to supplier, you work on service, you work on quality, you work on innovation with them and you really work on your cost structure and you work on your supply chain. The key component is we're pleased with those improvements that we've seen that the team has made and they all know their metrics. They all know their KPI's. So there is no one silver bullet there and you go back and look at our Q4 '09 numbers, we had a very good run rate. Last year Q1 and Q2 were a really rough transition because we had such a dramatic drop in revenue happening and as you know it is a spread. Our job is to maximize the revenue for the producers every day, but the market does its job and the cattle costs usually follow the revenue. Id' like to be able to give you some real specifics but it is so many small plays of continuous improvement working on things. So I apologize if that doesn't give you a real concrete answer, but it is just focus on a tremendous amount of key performance indicators that drive operating margin. Thanks for your question though but it's a tough one to answer in a short period of time without saying in general.
Jim Lochner: I would say the situation in Brazil isn't going to improve and we're hopeful of Mexico will and then we're into some startup in China. So we've got some investment in startup costs in those that we'll have some negative impact, but we're investing for the future.
Jim Lochner: Let me add one thing. We have a backlog, and our operations people have excellent projects with very low risk, very good returns, and we'll be managing through that backlog because they will all add to our ability to maximize revenues, minimize costs. So we're going to get after that very aggressively. 
Jim Lochner: I wouldn't say any of them have expansion. What they are is continuous improvement on process for either finding more efficient labor or improvement in yield or yield management, or it might be some new processes that capture more protein parts throughout a variety of all the segments we're in. About roughly out of this year I will guess that about half will be what I call improvement projects and half in investment or required for maintenance or repair type of projects. We didn't really curtail those that much. We slowed down because you always have to fix what you need to fix to keep your plants running. It will ebb and flow depending upon the circumstances, but our thrust is really to go after and identify very strong return projects that keep us competitive.
Jim Lochner: First of all, I came in and, as I said earlier, I was extremely impressed with the focus that the Chicken segment and the people had. The first week I sat through all the operations meeting, and I said these guys got their KPIs down and they're focused. So I am getting familiar with the operations and the flow, the subtle little details of how you maximize revenue, how you go look for yields. But I am learning from them. I am not teaching them anything. So and my forte is really is always back in just building good systems so that the management of information and the management of continuous improvement becomes the norm and not a new game, so it is a continuous process. This involvement in the Chicken improvement in the Chicken segment's performance and execution was all started long before this quarter, so and we'll just continue to drive it. We have very good people, same in all the segments. We're really challenging each other across business units to find continuous improvement, and we're chasing the fastest runner, so to speak, and everywhere. That's what makes it fun. When you deal with the detailed drivers that drive operating margins, the margins take care of themselves.  So that's the key thrust we're on. That maybe didn't answer it specifically but in general terms we have really good process improvement mentality going on across. And that's not just in operations that's also in sales, that's also in service, that's also in evaluating pricing and procurement. I am certain I am missing some of the key components. Shared services, renewed, looking at all their contributions to continuous improvement either in revenue or costs. Again, a tremendous team that's adding a lot of value in a lot of places. 
Donnie Smith: I just want to reiterate what Dennis said. I visited with team members all over the country, in every segment of our business, and our team is excited and optimistic and the reason is obvious. Serving customers and making money is a lot of fun. Our team members have worked hard, stayed focused and weathered a long rough storm, and I am happy they get to enjoy these good times together as a winning team. I often tell our team, we have the right team, the right plan, and the right to win. I believe that, they believe that, and if you don't already, pretty soon I think you will believe that. Looking ahead, Q2 is typically a weak quarter for us, but we're off to a good start. We expect our beef and pork segments to be off slightly compared to our strong first quarter. Although higher pork prices will benefit Tyson overall, the increased input costs will have a negative impact on our prepared foods segment until price increases can take effect. We expect our chicken segment to continue and improve driven by our internal operational improvements and improvement in industry fundamentals. For the remainder of the fiscal year, we're just going to stay focused on getting steady improvement in chicken while holding the line in our other segments.  By with doing that, we will be in good shape for 2011 and beyond. Operator, we're ready to take questions. 
Donnie Smith: Ann, this is Donnie. Back in the fall, we cut back just last fall in Q1, which is a bit atypical for us, but what we wanted to do was make sure that we ended Q1 with a really good inventory position, which we did. Now, we are running pretty close to full now which, by the way, is a great help with line efficiencies, labor efficiencies, and that type of thing, so even though our production pounds increase, we'll be up around 2% or 3%. Remember, what we have done is we're replacing the sales that we took out of inventory last year, so our sales pounds will probably be up some, but I don't want to you to get alarmed on the production pounds issue because we sold those pounds that we have increased we sold those very same pounds last year out of inventory. 
Donnie Smith: Hey Farha, this is Donnie, let me kind of wrap this part up. It's hard for us to forecast the timing of the impact of operational changes. Now, our job in continual operational improvement is really never finished. First thing we've got to do is we've got to more consistently generate operating margins in that 5% to 7% range, which we should do this year.  This quarter was certainly a step in the right direction given the market conditions, grain up and pricing fairly soft for Q1. Now operational changes, they just don't happen overnight and our operational changes are going to come in waves. There is some impact in our Q1 numbers, and we're operating even better now. So we'll see more improvement as we move through 2010 and we're using our capital to set up 2011 well. Some projects that we're working on now won't actually begin until early 2011 because we don't want to negatively impact our customer service during the grilling season, for example in our fresh chicken segment. So, hopefully that adds a good bit of color around what we are doing. 
Donnie Smith: Well I'll say it this way Farha. Normalized ranges become normalized over time, and we're pleased with how well some of our segments have done and obviously we still got more and more improvement to make in our Chicken segment, but our goal certainly is to get all of these segments into the ranges that we've historically set out for them, and then we certainly wouldn't stop there. If there were continual operation improvements we want to continue to do that.  So, I am not saying we're going to set new target ranges for each of our segments now. We got to get through normalized to build a new normalized, but I can tell you this team is focused on servicing our customers, growing our business, and maximizing our operational efficiencies, and along the way I think our investors are going to like those results.
Donnie Smith: Okay, sure. In our prepared comments I mentioned that we still expect foodservice demand to be down in 2010, but not at the same rate as we saw in 2009 or the latter part of 2008. To give you a little bit more specifics and I'm probably going to focus more on maybe on Technomic information. We use their research. And as I read their research, they're thinking that the foodservice segment will probably be down about 3% in 2010 focused heavily more in the first half of 2010 than maybe in the back half which is about half of the rate of decline in foodservice demand in 2009 versus 2008. So I don't want you to confuse a slower rate of decline with optimism but we do think that perhaps in the latter part of 2010 this foodservice thing has a chance to stabilize. Now, I think we all need to bear in mind that's based on unemployment and several things that we don't know yet today. So we'll just see how this thing plays out but that's what we're thinking.
Donnie Smith: No, not significantly. I mean we'll stay on the market. We are enjoying right now the benefits of this huge increase in the corn crop as we saw. One point you might want to bear in mind, the way that corn works through the inventory, that's not so much of an immediate impact, or won't be so much of an immediate impact on our Q2 as it will in improvement in Q3 and Q4. But, now we're going to stay hand to mouth, stay pretty close to the market, like we have said in the past.
Donnie Smith: Yes. The guidance is still $600 million. We have under spent, really, in the last couple of years, for obvious reasons, and as a result we've got several projects that we need to do that we believe will help contribute to our results in 2011 and beyond. So we're going to probably over spend. Typically we like to keep our CapEx spending something close to amortization and depreciation, but we're likely to over spend in this year with good strong cash position and having under spent for a couple of years. We're going to invest in our business a bit. I would say on the Dynamic Fuels and that type of thing, we're on track to do what we said in previous calls, so that stuff remains the same, and probably going to spend a little bit more in our domestic business.
Donnie Smith: Yeah, but I am not even going to give you the chance, Tim. We're looking at a full year. We're looking at the year in the range. Absolutely our team, we have a great team and they're focused and I have got all the confidence in the world they're going to be able to deliver on what they say they are going to do.
Donnie Smith: The trends have actually been relatively consistent. It's just the numbers are getting a little less dramatic. QSR is still doing better than full service. The QSR seems to have been hurt a little bit more late in the calendar year '09. They were a little bit, I am not going to say recession proof, but we didn't see much of a decline in QSR during the first half of '09.  Towards the latter part of '09 it really started to flatten out and decrease a little bit for those folks. And casual dining, full service and casual has been hit pretty hard. So what we see for 2010 is we would look for the QSR to be a bit flat, and then the casual dining to continue to struggle a bit more than what the QSR is. But again it seems to us that the rate of decline is going to slow. Now, I may have mistakenly given an impression that we see a rosy environment in front of us, but we do see it easing up a bit from what it has been like. I hope that answers your question.
