Donnie Smith: We’ve wrapped up a record setting year at Tyson Foods; we’re off to a great start for 2016. From where we sit today, it looks like it will be another record year as we continue to deliver on our goal of at least 10% annual EPS growth over time. We’re capitalizing on the benefits of our diverse portfolio and our branding power. Our Prepared Foods business is performing very well and we’ll be capturing even more synergies this year giving us fuel to drive growth. Our Chicken business is strong. Pork continues to do well. And we think the worst is behind us in Beef. We bought back $250 million of our stock in Q4 and $200 million so far in Q1. We’re projecting strong cash flow and a positive outlook that will allow us to continue buying back our shares through 2016. And as Dennis said, we’ve just increased our regular dividend by 50% and plan to continue increasing it by at least $0.10 per share annually. We’ve got a lot of reasons to be confident. And we think 2016 is going to be another great year of producing strong shareholder returns. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we’re ready to begin Q&A.
Donnie Smith: Sure, Adam. So on the Prepared Foods part, will take that first. We will be -- typically, we spend about 5% of sales in MAP. We’re going to be spending a little over that in this year, as we focus on the Hillshire Snacking and the Jimmy Dean launch and the new Jimmy Dean marketing campaign. We’re also investing in price gaps versus the competition. We’ve got some room in Jimmy Dean Roll Sausage. We’ve got price gaps in Hillshire Farm smoked sausage. And we need to get our lunchmeat business. We’ve just moved back the line pricing there as now we’ve got the turkey raw materials coming back to us from the AI. So it’s very important for us that we regain our volume growth in these categories. So, we’re going to be investing in trade and investing in MAP spending to drive our growth in those categories. Switching over to chicken, you’ve got a pretty cheap environment now with fresh meat trading pretty regularly below $0.90 a pound delivered. You’ve got leg quarter markets trading sub $0.20 and depending on how disjointed your logistics are you’re probably FOB the plant somewhere in the $0.12 to $0.13 range. That’s a pretty soft environment for pricing. We’ve got a lot of volume that is in RFP now. And so we feel very comfortable that we’ll be better than 10%, but we want to be cautiously optimistic until we get through this RFP season on our chicken business. But let me hasten on to say that our brands give us a good bit of insulation from our competition, plus our quality service and innovation helps set us apart. And we’ve done a lot in the last four years to optimize our poultry portfolio and to structure the pricing models within each part of that portfolio to deliver stable results. And that’s what we think will happen again this year.
Donnie Smith: Yes. So, in chicken, we’ve actually forecasted sub $0.20 leg quarters for the rest of the fiscal year inside of our projection. So, if we get a feel of these AI closed markets to open up, that could be a little upside for us but we don’t have that baked into the plan. As we look at pork and beef, we’re going to continue to see based on a strong dollar competition from other regions around the world. You might think that we’ll have maybe a little bit of growth in the beef’s export volume for the year, probably not expecting very much in pork, but -- and then maybe you see chicken exports improve. So one thing to note though, I think we mentioned in the last call or two that we were taking a lot of our beef items like Short Plates and those kind of things, and rolling those in to the trim stream; those are now going back out into the export markets. Now they’re going back into those markets at much lower pricing than they were before, but it is better than the trim stream. And then one thing that -- I said one thing, there’s been about three things. Sorry. One last thing I’d like investors to think about is we have not projected any impact for MCOOL. [Ph] So, depending on whether or not Congress fails to act or acts and there are retaliatory tariffs, those would provide some cautionary note in our export sales. But we don’t have anything forecasted for that, and we also don’t have any AI impact built into our projection. So that’s the view.
Donnie Smith: It’s difficult to answer with a lot of specificity. I don’t know how to say that word specificity. You know that word, right? But let me say this, so as far as what we would have booked today that has pricing set and has perhaps the cost in commodity futures underneath it, you’re talking sub 20% of the portfolio but we have a lot of our portfolio that is line priced; we have a lot of the portfolio that has very short volume windows. So, if you ask me what is my expectation about how well we will do through pricing season and how well we’ll be able to maintain at least 10% margins or better, I feel very good about that. A couple of reasons, we’ve got the largest brand at present out there in the U.S. in Chicken. Our value-added portfolio, now we’ve got capacity around us to where we can continue to grow that. And by the way, our buy versus grow strategy in a year like this is a competitive advantage because we’re able to buy very, very cheap raw materials and then further process that into value-added items for predominantly foodservice, but also some at retail. And we’ve got best-in-class quality; we’ve got best-in-class service. And I think that drives our customers to us to ask us to help grow their categories. And we’ve got the innovation capabilities that they’re looking for to continue to grow their business. So that sets up very well for us. And I’m very positive about our Chicken business for 2016.
Donnie Smith: No, it’ll take us about another 60 days or so to get through it. I can tell you that the early read is it’s going pretty good.
Donnie Smith: Historically, it’s been around six months to nine months, although I can tell you we haven’t had very many. We’re about nine months past March 5th now and we haven’t had very many regions open the doors yet. There is a lot of trade negotiations going on. TPP is up in the air, you’ve got MCOOL [ph] up in the air. There’s just a lot going on around trade. I don’t know how much that’s impacting. Whether or not these countries open up, we feel very safe about our supply chain. So, I don’t see any reason there for there to be any reason not to want to take great part of it from the U.S. So I’d really hesitate to try to guess on when these things will open up. So what we did, Diane, is we just put the current pricing in our year for the whole year. And if anything breaks lose, then it will benefit us.
Donnie Smith: So, first, let me explain why we took the action we did. We really did feel it’s important for our investor base to have a really solid understanding of what we feel the margin environment is going to be that we face out over the next few years. You’ve got relatively low cattle supply, you’ve got too much -- well, not to say too much, probably not the right way to say it, but you’ve got excess industry capacity. And that limits our ability to drive margins above the 1.5% to 3%, we think. I would say this though is that are there likely to be quarters out in those future years where we would see margins in the previous. Yes, I think you should expect that. But overall, for annual guidance, as we look forward for the next few years, this is the environment we think we’ll be operating in.
Donnie Smith: So, as you look at our Prepared Foods business, and I’m going to be painting with a fairly broad brush, it’s relatively evenly split between retail and foodservice. So if you think about our foodservice Prepared Foods business, so let’s look at that first. You’ve got predominantly a pizza toppings business and other ingredient meats combined with the portfolio of breaded products, tortillas, flat breads, that kind of thing, and the former, if you will, bakery and sweet goods business from Hillshire Brands. So, a lot of the meat in that portfolio is priced on a trailing basis to the markets. So, as the markets go down and we do expect cheaper pork raw materials, typically our pricing in Prepared Foods would go down as well, but we would hang on to the margin. And it would recover in some period of time. We’ve tried to shorten that window from 90-plus days down to 45 to 60 days or so and that should help stabilize the margin regardless of which way the market is moving. The bakery and sweet goods business has a very stable, low double-digit margin. And so, again, there is opportunities for us to grow a bit in that category. Although we do think that the largest potential is to continue to grow the meat business inside our Prepared Foods on foodservice side. Now let’s switch over to retail. We talked about the core nine on the script. And what we’re seeing -- let’s take it apart just a little bit. Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage, Hillshire Brands smoked sausage and our Hillshire Brands lunchmeat have been the three categories where we need to drive volume. We have seen -- let’s go from the bottom-up. So Hillshire farm lunchmeat. Obviously, our shortage of raw material and turkey has hurt our volume in that business. Now frankly, we’ve been able to replace some SKUs with some additional ham SKUs; we’ve been able to replace some of those SKUs with chicken lunchmeat SKUs. But overall, the absence of turkey has hurt our volume. We’re now in a position where after the first of the year, say late Jan, something like that, we’ll be back to full production in our turkey operation after the AI problems, and we’ll have the raw material around as we need to reset our pricing in our turkey lunchmeat to line pricing and then grow our promotional volume from there. So, we feel great about our ability to get our price gaps right and grow that business. In Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage, the issue there is really around reestablishing price gaps to the competition to drive volume. We have a lot of promotional activity going on during this holiday season, and we feel very good about our ability to drive our volume by getting these price gaps right. Frankly, we had some of our retail partners who are a little bit slow in reflecting our pricing gaps at that level. And so that has slowed our volume a bit, but we’ll get there. And now on growth, frankly, we’re seeing unprecedented growth in competitive pricing. We lowered our pricing gaps, but probably need to do that again. And fortunately, we’ve got lower raw materials and we’ve got increased synergies that gives us a lot of power to fuel the growth in these categories. So, I feel very comfortable that Andy and the team have a great focus on how to get the volume back and regain the share that we’ve given up. And I could not be more optimistic about our Prepared Foods business.
Donnie Smith: Sure, Farha. So operational improvements through fiscal 2015 were more than we thought and we see increased opportunity as we get into 2016 to -- in the operational improvement. We’re just getting started on some of the network stuff. That’s probably going to be more of a 2017 answer for us. The purchasing synergies, as we work with a lot of our great supply partners, we’ve worked on several packaging innovations and just rethinking a lot of the categories. And together with our supply partners, we’re finding ways to lower our cost in a lot of these purchasing categories. And that has really been the increase that we see the most of in 2016. So, it’s really a good story and it provides a lot of fuel to fuel our growth.
Donnie Smith: No, not yet, Farha. We’re still under contract with other suppliers with our Hillshire -- former Hillshire Brands raw materials. And until those contracts run out and that could be anywhere from 12 months to 24 months, we’ll still be buying raw materials for that business from other folks.
Donnie Smith: Ken, you’d be higher there. It obviously depends on the fundamentals in that region about the cattle that come to market and that kind of thing, but 30 is too high. As I think through it, it’s hard for me just to put a number on it, but you’re high at 30. I promise.
Donnie Smith: So quite a bit of that’s caught up in the export markets, not being able to ship. Obviously -- I don’t know the breakout of the 139, how much is the Chicken export number versus how much is the actual turkey problems. But the turkey part of that should rebound as we get the plant full and we have the raw materials and we regain those sales. And that you should see that start flowing in. We’ve got it modeled in Q2, so you should see that flowing in then.
Donnie Smith: You’ve hit the nail on the head, Ken. We feel very good about pork. There’s going to be good hog availability which by the way provides good cheap raw materials for our Prepared Foods business. But this is just a cautionary note on exports and the high dollar and competition from other regions in the world for some primary markets. So that’s the cautionary note there. If some of that changes, then obviously there’s upside in our Pork segment.
Donnie Smith: It is hard to say, Mike. My guess is of the volume that is RFPed, maybe 10%, 15% at most, something like that. You’ve got to remember there’s a lot of different pricing models that we have, some where we have guaranteed volume, and we really look at the price every 30, 60 or 90 days. We’ve got a good bit of our Chicken business that’s just right priced. But of that volume that will go through RFPs, I’m guessing you’re in those low-double digits. There is a lot yet to come there, yes.
Donnie Smith: So, our reaction is to ramp up our buy versus grow strategy. We are buying a lot of raw material these days. We’re buying breast meat sub $0.90 delivered to our plants. So, we’ve got the opportunity to take advantage of this outside raw material in an oversupply situation to supply our value-added businesses. And as we said in the script, about 90% or so of our volume is really consumer pull and only about 10% is pushed out. We don’t sell very much CDP [ph] breast meat. We’re working hard every day to value up our leg quarters and not have any leg quarters to sell. So it’s a time like this when our buy versus grow strategy really helps us maintain our stable margins.
Donnie Smith: Sure. So, I think I’d rather you think about the 15% of our sales that our CDP [ph] breast meat, leg quarters and our rendering products. Those are the ones that have the most commodity exposure. Now, there is also a minority portion, for example, of our fresh tray pack business that gets priced off the Georgia Dock. So there are some market influences in those businesses. But in terms of just commodity exposure, probably think of the 15% of our portfolio and not the larger percent.
Donnie Smith: So, two great questions, yes. This year is about like every other. So, we’re going through about the same amount of RFP that we went through last year. And again, let me reiterate that it’s going pretty good so far. Still got some room to go, but going pretty good. Let’s see, the second part of your question, remind me of that again.
Donnie Smith: Yes, the grain. One thing that we always do is look at opportunities to lock in margins when we do get pricing contracts established. So, we’ll look at that. But it’s hard to say this early about how much of the impact of that $100 million will drop to the bottom-line until we get through this big RFP season, because if we can get the chance to lock in our margins underneath that we will. But that’s probably not.
Donnie Smith: Probably able to do that in pork, I’d be cautious about doing that in beef. We had pretty good October, but here in the middle part of November, beef cut-out has dropped quite dramatically. I don’t know what Friday’s close was, but it’s probably going to be around 2.05 or something like that. And kind of depending on where cattle are north versus south, sometimes it takes a little while to get that change reflected in the cost of the cattle. Beef, my guess is that you’re probably backend loaded. Cattle, we saw the cattle and feed numbers Friday, our estimates would be that the increase in fed’s cattle coming to market this year would be in Q3 or Q4. So, you’re probably a little frontend loaded maybe and pork a little back and loaded and beef is kind of where I’m thinking about it.
Donnie Smith: Yes. That wasn’t such a technical term; was it, Tim? So, we’re in the process now, you saw our announcement last Friday, of optimizing the production footprint. We’ll be moving lines of products within that footprint to optimize the logistics around the raw material and optimize the cost of the production. From that point then, the next move is to really look out into the distribution network and make sure that we have the right nodes of distribution, both from a hub-and-spoke and from a forward positioning basis to optimize our transportation cost and our service offering. So, once we get the production footprint established, largely it won’t be perfect. But then we will begin working on the distribution network. There is a couple things that we’re starting to focus on now around rationalizing some of the SKUs. We’ve got some end-to-end opportunities between primarily our pork business, but to some small extent our beef business and our Prepared Foods business to continue to work to optimize cost inside that network. So all of that will be -- we’ll begin working on that in 2016, but largely the effect of those changes will happen in 2017. Now, let me hasten on to say too that we’ve got work inside our Chicken business as well. We’ve just completed the conversion in South Georgia to the tray pack. We’ve got a lot of FP capacity around us now. And so, we’re able to go out and bid on business that we weren’t able to bid before. Our antibiotic-free business continues to grow. So as those grow, that will help us optimize the production and the distribution network as well. Hope that clears it up a little bit.
Donnie Smith: Yes, I would spread that cost throughout the fiscal 2016 year. So, we sell boxed beef out front and buy cattle futures against it to lock in the margin and so, some of those contracts are fairly well out through the year. And so, just kind of spread that cost on through the rest of the fiscal year.
Donnie Smith: It’s going well. We did have a problem which, Tim, you know my background; it’d be hard for me to think about a sweet potato problem. But the flooding that we had in South Carolina actually disrupted our supply chain a little bit on the sweet potatoes. We had a great team around that work through it very well and I think did as good as we could to get as much of our volume into the marketplace, as we can, really just some heroic efforts on the part of that business in our supply chain. So, yes, it’s going pretty well.
Donnie Smith: We’re a little bit shy of the 10% now. It’s pretty easy for us frankly to buy about 100 loads a week. Most of that will be breast meat; some will be breast meat portions. And then, if wings were to soften up and we had good promotional volume for next spring’s wings season, we’ll always be out there buying wings and a few tenders when they’re available. Typically, the size of tenders that we need aren’t very readily available. So, mostly, I think breast meat but yes, we do spread that around to the other raw materials when we can use them.
Donnie Smith: David, honestly, we spend all of our time just focusing on our customers and our margins. We don’t spend a whole lot of time trying to figure out what the industry is doing.
Donnie Smith: Very much so, removal of the negative, and I would say that today the dollar impact is probably having more of an impact on pork and beef exports than it would chicken. I feel comfortable that if the export restrictions based on AI were relieved, then we could increase our exports in chicken pretty readily. So, dollar wouldn’t necessarily impact the chicken as much, but on pork and beef, yes.
Donnie Smith: Thanks everyone for joining us today and certainly for your interest in Tyson Foods. We wish you all a very happy Thanksgiving. Have a good day.
