Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, Peter, Stewart here. Let me give you a little bit of color. First of all, as you know, of course, the safety of our team members is our top priority. What's good for our team members is, of course, very good for our business. If you look at the $340 million, those represent only the direct costs. And as you rightly called out the biggest chunk of that is the “thank you” bonus. We disclosed that that amount was $114 million. So that gives you a sense of the biggest driver. But there were also in there – in terms of other big drivers were enhanced benefits and pay that we paid to employees while plants were closed, but they were out. In addition, of course, we had all of the medical costs and the PPE costs. I think if you took those buckets, that would be the biggest chunk. Ongoing – of course, if you went back, we announced those "thank you" bonuses ahead of time. We don't expect the run rates to be at the same level, but we're not giving any specific guidance on what we think that number will look like for Q4.
Stewart Glendinning: Maybe, Heather, just a couple of additional facts just to help with your model. If you look back to Q3 last year, retail versus foodservice in Chicken, that was about 50/50. And if you look at that ratio in 2020, that's about 60/40. So you've seen a shift. Obviously, it would have been worse had we not been able to shift some of the manufacturing over to retail. But I think if you look in our Q, you'll get some of that data.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, look, I think – Stewart here. I think you could probably look at some of the data coming through public data on pricing. I think what that will show actually is a pricing for the moment is a little bit weakened and we saw it in the middle of the quarter. If you look then at some of the big impacts that Dean called out earlier, in the quarter we had $70 million worth of impact on derivatives and on a year-over-year basis that was $100 million. So certainly I can't say what derivatives will do, but that will be a big impact going forward. The other cost that's noteworthy is to call out the $340 million worth of COVID costs. Chicken took a big chunk of that. And as I mentioned earlier, we expected that ran rate will be lower. If I think – those are probably the big – that's probably the big factors to call out as we get into this quarter.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, look maybe just a couple of other comments. We are very pleased obviously with our liquidity position, but just thinking about the fourth quarter, we do have some cash payments that are coming up. We've got debt of almost $700 million that's going mature this quarter. We've got dividends. We've called out $1.2 billion of CapEx for the year. So you've got about $300 million coming through in capital expenditures. And there’s a number of places in which cash will go out the door. Don't forget also that as we see the market start to improve, then you're going to also see some increased use of working capital. So I think there are a few specific things on the docket that will absorb some of that cash.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, there's no specific way to give you a number on indirect costs and that's why we haven't called them out. Obviously things like absenteeism causes a huge amount of disruption in our applause, I think Dean spoke to that that obviously does drive very different financial results. There's huge amount of opportunity cost. I mean, just think about it our foodservice businesses way down ordinarily, that would be operating full steam, so very difficult to give you a number. My best advice is to start with the current run rates and then make some assumptions from that. But I think it's fair to say they were significant like sure said it's impossible to quantify because a lot of it is opportunity cost. However, product mix was also impacted in a fairly substantial way. And as far as the degree of impact, it largely is depending on the number of team members that have been in each one of the sectors, pull through has our greatest number of team members. So they were impacted to a greater extent than our other businesses. But it's fair to say that the likely impact was substantial.
Dean Banks: Sure. Thanks Peter. I would say if you consider what we incurred from direct COVID costs and some of the derivative losses and really the disruption from COVID in general. I think our team did a phenomenal job of weathering the storm. We'd love to see a better financial number post, but ultimately the team did a good job in managing a lot of the challenges and uncertainties. What I would say is that clearly some of the COVID costs will fallout over time, assuming that we get the recovery that we'd like to see, and we did see some real progress prior to COVID picking up some operational efficiencies, and then we're going to be going back after that as soon as our operations return to normal. So you'll see improvements in the coming quarters I believe, but it's really too early to tell with what's going on with COVID. The disruption to our mix and related absenteeism has been quite challenging, although we do see absenteeism trends recover.
Dean Banks: Yes. Our ERP-related inventory write-downs and distressed are normalized at this point. We're still rolling out SAP across the business, but the rollout’s gone smoothly. And we've not seen an uptick on any of the challenging aspects related to inventory that we’ve shown in the past. So we feel like we've got that behind us and on track.
Dean Banks: So our mix was certainly affected by absenteeism and we really wanted to just get food to the American global population as quick as we could. So we had to take some action there for mix. And then as it relates to general operational improvements, like I said, we captured about a $100 million in total operational savings coming into COVID, which benefited us, but looking forward, it's going to take us some time to work through that. In our contract pricing business, we’ll be going into pricing negotiations this fall. I don’t know we'll see any impacts from that coming in the first or second quarter. And then related to exports, our exports have generally been strong. We're seeing ports move. They are somewhat backed up, but we are seeing product flow through, testing at the borders in places like China, and exports in Japan and Mexico continue to be strong.
Dean Banks: So for first off, I've been really lucky to get a chance to work with Noel, the entire ELT and the Board for the past three years now. And I've been on the strategy and acquisitions committee and we've all been working closely to make sure that we've got a long-term perspective on the business that not only leads to long-term growth, but also Tyson's position in helping see the world sustainably. So it's 20, 30 years down the road, we know we're going to have a few more billion people on the planet and we're going to have to make sure that we can provide food for them and do it in a sustainable way. And given Tyson's balanced portfolio or investments in alternative proteins and our global footprint, we're confident that we can really take bold position in doing that.
Dean Banks: Well, we're not going to give any guidance specifically on volumes. I mean you can of course, take our comments that we've made this morning. But you could look back of course this past quarter and you'll see that beef and pork had considerable disruption. Noel, earlier talked about the backlog of animals. Of course, we're looking to get our operations back to normal level as quickly as we can. So that's about all the detail we want to give just looking forward.
Dean Banks: So I won't give a specific number related to input costs, but clearly the increase in pork and beef prices had an impact on our business. As you know, some of our foodservice business primarily is formulaic in nature, and there's some lag related to when the formula is ultimately materialized into our market price. In the retail side and some parts of foodservice, we actually have contract pricing. And the blips in input costs come and go before we actually get back into price negotiations on those products. We're also seeing exceptional demand on the retail side, too. So taking in all of the prices related to what we're experiencing in these report, could have a depressionary effect on demand. So we're focused on growing that category and that's important to us. So not necessarily able to capitalize on the full spike in beef and pork and capture all that margin back.
Dean Banks: Well, I would say for the time being with all of the uncertainty related to COVID, we think it's important to have ample liquidity to make sure that we can adapt. We've invested heavily into capital equipment and a variety of things to make sure that we can service retail versus foodservice as we've seen demand shift in our markets. Stewart, if you want to…
Noel White: Ben, I'll take that. This is Noel. As we look into 2021, we're expecting – well, without COVID, we would have expected somewhat flat supplies, particularly in cattle. Breeding intention on hogs are off a couple of percent, but productivity has been picking up a couple percent, so basically flagged in. So our outlook for domestic availability has previously been roughly flat to perhaps down 0.5% due to continued strong exports. The number of hogs that have been processed over the last few months, obviously, particularly in Q3, they were down substantially. And we don't know exactly, but we estimate someplace in the vicinity of about 3 million hogs did not come to market. So that will continue to work its way through the system over the coming months. And on cattle, there's probably somewhere in the vicinity of about 1 million head of cattle that’s been backlogged as well. Over the course of months that will work itself out. But regardless, we expect adequate supplies, strong supplies of cattle and hogs as we look into our fiscal 2021.
Noel White: Michael, I can take that. I can tell you that no, production has largely rebounded to pre-COVID activities. So the SKU and product mix is not being impacted anywhere to the extent that it was through the March, April, May time period, so nearly back to normal. 
Noel White: So we're not necessarily calling out the percentages that we've able to ship, but we've seen foodservice recovered about 80%, 90% in general. And so we have obviously strong products in QSRs.
Noel White: Hi, Heather. Thanks. As you know, team member safety is our top priority. You can tell by our numbers. We've invested heavily in a variety of precautionary measures, the protective equipment and stuff that we've put in including temperature testing. That stuff will benefit us in quarters and years to come. You probably also saw the recent announcement that we've really implemented what I would consider a cutting-edge monitoring program. What we get from that is to ensure that we're assessing the health of our team members and making sure that we know what's going on in our plants, but also helps better understand what's going on in the communities. That's really been the key is knowing what's going on in the disease load in the communities. And we've been very open about sharing that with public health officials to make sure that they see what we're seeing, and they're working with us. Also putting a lot of effort to educate and inform our team members about what we're learning about the virus and how it spreads, and we've seen them be very responsive and respond positively to protective measures at home and in their communities. And so I would say we're as prepared as we can be. We are still investing in research, making sure that we very much understand this virus. We’re really working closely with the communities and health officials to ensure that we've got every possible precaution in place.
Noel White: I think it'd be fair to say though, as we come into Q4 that volumes are in fact stronger than what they were in Q3. So relatively Q3, I'd say the answer would be, yes. We're a month into our Q4 that compared to – relative to a year-ago. But that's a different question because it depends on absenteeism, but there's certainly enough livestock to be able to run equal or greater numbers in Q4 than a year-ago.
Noel White: Mike, I don't think that there's really been any substantial change from roughly a year-ago that ASF continues to spread albeit at a lower rate than I think what it was a year-ago. There's been a substantial reduction in the global hog herd, so there's – it’s kind of roughly 25%, and the demand continues to be equal or growing. And so our outlook a year-ago is no different today than it was basically a year-ago that continues to be strong demand from basically all parts of the world, including China. So fundamentals have not changed. And I’d just refer back to Dean's comment that from a longer term perspective, we expect global demand for protein to continue to grow over the coming years at a pace greater than what the expansion and production is going to be.
Noel White: Sure. Clearly we had a big spike and absenteeism related to COVID in a variety of other things. Like I said before, the trim line trim on absenteeism is trending to the positive. So we expect the S&T has an impact on our production to start to return to normal here relatively soon.
Noel White: Robert, certainly appreciate your diligence and looking into the public data. We're just not going to be able to comment on what we'd expect to happen in pricing negotiations, and it's your it's just to really to tell awesome.
Noel White: Ben, this is Noel. The fundamentals as we go into next year, demand has been strong. Supplies are adequate now. Trying to forecast where margins will be next year relative to this year, we're not prepared to do that. But the fundamentals, Ben, I’d say look favorable with continued strong demand and adequate supplies.
Noel White: Yes. Okay. Ken it's really – it's not possible to do that, but a lot of the inefficiencies were driven by absenteeism as Dean said that the – that has improved. So we can't give you a specific number of the degree, but it's better than what it was a couple months ago.
Noel White: Thank you for your time today. While the pandemic has been challenging, I'm convinced will come through as an even stronger company. We are the right portfolio, the right resources and the right team to drive long-term performance and shareholder value for a strategy to grow, deliver, and sustain. Once again, I want to thank our team members for their continued efforts during this unprecedented time. There are health and safety are fundamental to our long-term success. Please stay safe and thank you for interest in Tyson Foods.
