James V. Lochner: Thank you, Dennis, and good morning. Let's begin with our Chicken segment, which reported a record $20 million in operating income and a 7% return on sales in the third fiscal quarter. Volume was up 4.4%, while pricing was up 6% over Q3 of '12, driven by strong demand and favorable domestic markets. Through operational mix and price improvements, we more than offset the $105 million impact of increased feed cost for the quarter. Consumer demand for chicken is expected to remain strong, driven by foodservice promotions along with the value of chicken relative to beef. Meanwhile, analysts project chicken production to be up 2% to 3% next year. We plan to continue our buy-versus-grow strategy for Chicken, meaning we won't overproduce our demand and we'll buy meat on the open market when it's cheaper than we can produce it. We'll then turn that meat into higher-margin, value-added products for our retail and foodservice customers. Turning to the Pork segment, we had a 5% return on sales and $67 million in operating income. Volume was down 4.7%, and our average sales price per pound was up 4% compared to Q3 last year. Our Pork results were down slightly, as we adjusted our volumes to our supply and positioned our sales accordingly. Domestic availability of pork was up, predominantly from an estimated 6% decline in exports year-over-year. We focused our attention on mix, yields and position in the marketplace for pricing. Looking into 2014, we assume the industry hog supplies will be flat to this year and sufficient for our needs. And we expect another solid performance from our Pork segment next year. Moving on to the Beef segment. We had a 3.1% return on record sales of $3.7 billion, with an operating income of $114 million. Volume was up 3.8%, and price per pound was up 2.9% over the same quarter last year. Beef demand was good despite higher pricing. Although the first half of the third quarter was more difficult, our performance began to rebound in May due to our improved execution, which included product mix and yield. Our performance relative to the industry improved as well. Additionally, our export market share increased. Industry-wide exports are down 6% year-to-date, while ours are up substantially, led by Japan. In 2014, we're expecting fed cattle supplies to continue their decline by another 2% to 3%. We have put our focus on export market share to improve our mix realization. The Prepared Foods segment had a 3% return on sales and $24 million in operating income. Our volume was up 1.3%, while average sales price per pound was up 3% over Q3 of '12. We are investing in Prepared Foods through consumer and promotional spending and staffing support to build the business in several new product categories in 2014 and beyond. Now we're making good progress on our efforts to grow value-added sales by 6% to 8% annually. We acquired Circle Foods in the third quarter to expand on our tortilla and Mexican handheld snack food businesses. This is in addition to the Don Julio acquisition in the second quarter that is adding retail distribution to our tortilla and chip businesses. We will continue to explore Prepared Food acquisitions while improving execution in our existing businesses to grow that segment. Also, as I mentioned on our previous call, our lunchmeat business is negatively impacting the Prepared Foods segment as we undergo an extensive renovation in our Houston plant, which is temporarily causing us to incur higher operating costs to maintain service to our customers. That project is now scheduled for completion in mid fiscal 2014. In conclusion, I'm pleased with our performance overall, but our expectations will continue to increase. We have to stay focused on driving results, and there's more to be achieved. That is the end of our prepared remarks. We're ready to begin Q&A.
James V. Lochner: Let me -- this is Jim. I'll start with that. If you recall, we did have a plant that was shut down in around -- I guess it was February or March when it was announced. That did take about 4.5% of the daily slaughter capacity and about 10% of the slaughter capacity in that 300-mile region out. And we do have a couple of plants in that region, and we did benefit from an increased flow of cattle to our plants in that particular period, which did change the balance. In the north, it really wasn't much different. Let me remind you, we really look at what that forward supply of cattle's going to be 2, 4 and 8 weeks out. We really run our plants with that thought process in mind, always trying to position ourselves accordingly and to manage gross margin. So if it gives it to us, fine, but that isn't the primary goal that we look at the Beef division to generally look at a volume or capacity utilization. So it's really much more micro than that, the way we look at it plant to plant.
James V. Lochner: The only thing I'd add is, on your observation on the Pork, again, much like I said earlier on Beef, we really pay a lot of attention to what that forward supply looks like it's giving us relative to the consumption. Now you've got to remember that we had less exports in this quarter, and we anticipated some pricing pressure and some supply constriction. So basically, we set our hours up to not try to press that and push the live cost up relative to the revenue, put our attention on the mix and positioning our revenue on the product that we have to sell so we weren't long. And so we gave up market share or didn't really -- I don't look at it that way. We looked at managing for margin at a greater priority than just trying to fill the hours. We had plenty to run the hours we anticipated, so that was really the play.
James V. Lochner: I would also add one thing. Keep in mind that fiscal '12 was a very, very steep pullback, and so you always got to look at your percentage year-over-year over a longer time frame than 1 year, just as a cautionary note, and look at that total practical supply.
James V. Lochner: Let me add some detail to that. We expect, as we said, to see fed cattle supplies drop 2% to 3%, and that's nothing more than what we think the '13 calf crop estimate will be, and the '12, because that's our future supply chain. Cattle will be fed where the lowest cost to produce -- or the lowest cost of gain is, which centers around the Corn Belt and the High Plains, which means there'll be fewer cattle fed, probably, out into the Eastern Plains, et cetera. And again, that overall supply will continue to come down. Whether we see carcass weights come back up to offset that, I don't know. I mean, I've been thinking carcass weights have topped out for a number of years, and I don't expect to see a radical increase in weight to offset that. And therefore, if you look at purely the elasticity, you're going to see a reduction in supply generally increase the cutout, like it has over time. And we're seeing a stronger interest in, particularly, Japanese importation of U.S. beef, which is gaining back its share. So all of that tells me beef's going to continue to increase in price. We continue to put our focus on our own operations, which is managing the mix; getting our international share up, which we've done an excellent job of doing, particularly in Japan; and focusing on our controllables, which are yields, cost, quality, service, et cetera. So that's the overall play.
James V. Lochner: We've since continued -- our market share in Mexico's gone up, even though the country per se has dropped relative to year-over-year. I expect to see Asia as a whole continue to have an increase. And the reality is, though, with the 2% to 3% down in fed supplies, you're not going to see overall exports increase just because we'll have a limited supply. But there'll be a strong interest in acquiring high-quality grain-fed beef around the world. I don't see that really going backwards.
James V. Lochner: There certainly was, as grain ran up, because you won't -- this is Jim. You don't bill them over the real short term, week to week, so they tend to be over a quarterly trend. So that's the basis behind that comment.
James V. Lochner: You're not probably going to like my answer, but, again, the industry margin is the relative greater change of revenue all-in, cut out, drop, et cetera, to the cattle price and the adjustment week-to-week and month-to-month relative to the revenue to the supply. So we did see the slaughter capacity change. I actually -- we don't place as much emphasis watching the industry margin as you might think. We really always just pay very close attention to what the forward supply is going to give us, what we think the pricing and positioning needs to be, what the export markets are and then a whole lot more attention onto what we have under our own control, which is mix change, international mix change, yields, term yields, et cetera. So my view is the industry margin should be very -- it should be similar simply because we've seen the adjustment that I mentioned. But the margin that we focus on is within our control. So I can't give you any more perspective than that.
Donnie Smith: Sure, so here's the way I look at it. We'll kind of start with the top line. We do expect our top line sales growth to be at 3% to 4% and our value-added sales growth to be, again, at 6% to 8%. By segment, Chicken's having a good year this year. We've got some tailwinds from the environment we're operating in, but we will continue to grow our value-added there. And as our sales increase there, that will improve our earnings with what I'd call a relatively modest supply growth, particularly in the first half of FY '14. Solid demand and Chicken's relative low pricing compared to the other proteins, should be a very, very good year for Chicken. By the way, probably layer on top of that international improvements as well. So if you look at Beef and Pork, the current supply's set up next year to be as good as this year and maybe even a little bit better. In Prepared Foods, we're investing in growth platforms. We're investing in the businesses that we bought this year, and they should be contributing to our earnings in both the latter part of '14 and then -- mid to latter part of '14 and well on into '15, by the way. And of course, you would expect international to continue to improve in '15 as well. So if you look at that from the segment view, then you layer on top of that we got $40 million in interest expense reduction in '14; we're obviously going to throw off a lot of cash, and we'll be paying off the converts; we'll have the cash we need to invest in growth, whether it's through CapEx or more value-added acquisitions, of course, continuing to return cash to shareholders by buying back and dividends -- and so when you add all those things up, it looks like '14 is going to be a very strong year.
Donnie Smith: Well, we talked about it in our written comments in the Q. I don't know if all that has been seen yet. I suppose it has. But we talked about in or above. And certainly, if you look at grain cost going down, a lot of work that we've done in the last year around shifting our pricing profiles to be more reflective of grain inputs while sharing risk with our customers, they get an insured supply of quality, service and innovative capability and we certainly get more stable returns. We do have a portion of our portfolio that's supply-driven, but we continue to minimize that. Again, as Jim mentioned, our buy-versus-grow strategy. We continue to grow our value-added mix, which gives us some insulation. So you add all that stuff up, Chicken ought to have a very good year next year.
Donnie Smith: No, not at all. As a matter of fact, you're absolutely right in the way you're thinking. And the AI outbreak obviously set us back from where we thought our profitability would be. It shoved it out front a couple more months. But the one thing it did do was absolutely validate our business model. From a long-term perspective, our bio-secure facilities and our controlled supply chain are the level of protection that Chinese customer base desires, and that really bodes well for us out in the future. What we've got in -- by the way, we're on target on our build-out plans, and so we're getting a little better at acquiring land, which makes me feel optimistic that we'll continue to stay on target with building out our own houses. And so that's really the key to our future is the plants are running well and getting those houses built and getting this company-controlled production through our plants as quickly as possible. So we feel really good about the future.
Donnie Smith: Farha, our estimate would be that the proceedings -- and let me just say all the things that would happen from this ruling and before a likely appeal, et cetera, et cetera, it could take a year or so for there to be any potential for actual tariff reductions, and then we'll have to see what happens. So yes, if and when all that happens, it would have a positive impact on our business. But that will likely be a '14 event and could be a little longer.
Donnie Smith: Sure. We would look at incremental demand from QSR promotions as a good thing. And I think we're seeing a bit more inelasticity in wing pricing. It looks to us like the wing prices are starting to creep back up, and I think what you'll see this fall and winter is a seasonal increase in wing prices, much like we see every season.
Donnie Smith: Yes. I'll get to that in just a second, but a quick comment about -- I think it's important to bear in mind that, as Beef prices and, to some extent, Pork continue to stay high, that really provides a bit of a halo effect around poultry pricing and poultry consumption, really. And so we think that next year will be a year that you will continue to see good, robust demand for Chicken. So back to the supply question. So if we just look at our ability, just Tyson's ability to get our pullet orders filled, really, the only way that we can see a meaningful increase in supply is to hold our hens longer. And frankly, Ryan, we just don't have enough housing to hold our hens much longer than 69 weeks. So we see that for a few more months out in front of us, I don't see that the industry -- I don't see that we would have the ability to push it, and that's kind of how we view the outlook.
Donnie Smith: It could, but what we've done -- we worked real hard, and I'm real proud of our folks that we've shifted a lot of our pricing profiles to be a little more reflective of grain input. So today, about -- I'd say about half of our pricing contracts are either cost-plus or have some kind of grain cost adjustment in them. And it works really well for us and our customers sharing the commodity risk because they get an insured supply of quality, service and innovation, and we get more stable returns. We do have some of our portfolio that's supply based, but we continue to minimize that. Only -- we're less than 8% of our total sales now that are 1-year fixed-price agreements. So we've done a great job of continuing to change that pricing strategy. And if production's up a little bit, our buy-versus-grow strategy will work very well for us because we'll just buy excess breast meat or whatever we need on the market and then convert that and grow our value-added mix with it. And of course, we continue to grow our value-added sales, and that provides us some commodity insulation there, too. So even if there is a market that might have overall lower prices, we still feel comfortable with our earnings potential because of the way we've structured our pricing arrangements.
Donnie Smith: You're correct in the last way you said that. And of course, our intention would be for us to capture as much of that as we possibly can. That's been the focus of working with our customers on these pricing strategies.
Donnie Smith: Well, I'm not going to try to focus on anything to land me inside of it. I'm just focused on everything to land me above it, right? I continue to be very optimistic about our poultry business. Obviously, grain looks like it will do -- will have a good year, but it's not at the end yet, and so you don't really know there. But yes, if you look at our outlook for growing our value-added sales, those are higher-sales items and higher-margin items and very valuable, by the way, both to consumers and to the customers. The guys have done a great job on our pricing strategies. They continue to do a great job on their operational efficiencies, and we'll never lose focus of that. We're in a good position relative to the other proteins. Our international business is making good improvements, so that will layer on, on top of good operational performance domestically in '14. So yes, there's every reason to feel really good about our poultry business.
Donnie Smith: Sure. So this year -- well, this upcoming year, '14, we have opportunity in our business to overspend versus our depreciation, so we'll be doing that. And then -- because we've got some good organic opportunities as well. Now looking at acquisitions, continue to expect us -- we would call them bolt-ons, continue to expect us to look at bolt-on acquisitions. A sweet spot acquisition for us is probably sub-$100 million that fits an important gap that we see in assuring that our consumers and customers have their needs met in the marketplace. So as we've talked about before, value-added, whether it's poultry or in a broad -- our very broad range of Prepared Foods items continues to be a great focus in the future. Not only that type -- those types of products, but also, we've talked about the c-store channel and alternative channels and those and good opportunities we have there. So we have both product growth opportunities and gaps we need to fill and channel growth opportunities and gaps we need to fill, and we'll continue to be very focused on layering in acquisitions that help us meet those needs.
Donnie Smith: Yes, we've got -- sorry, I jumped in a little quick. But we've got a great -- number one, we have great customer penetration. We have great service, great quality that our customers have come to expect, and we don't ever expect to let them down. So good, good customer relationships. And plus, we've got a very, very broad and a very efficient national refrigerated distribution network that lends itself to moving products around the country very efficiently. And so that helps us to have a national view of acquisitions.
Donnie Smith: All right. So no doubt that with the AI issue in Mexico that there was a lot of hatching eggs that went down to Mexico. What we see today is that the supply on the Mexican market, particularly in the live markets but also in the New York dressed, is back up to a level now that would indicate that, that supply is -- maybe not has been, but is well along in being restored. And so the price of a dozen hatching eggs has gone down in the U.S., and then here in the last 4 to 6 weeks, you've seen industry sets be up a little bit. But I think their ability to increase is limited. I know our ability to increase is limited to the -- our inability to hold a hen past 65 weeks because we simply just don't have the housing. I don't know how prevalent that same issue would have across the industry, and I can only speak for ourselves, but I don't expect that the supply -- I expect the supply to be in a similar range for a few more months out front, and I get that basically from the constraint on our business, before an increase in the actual pullet supply could increase, which is likely to happen towards the end of the calendar year. So that's how we see it. I can only use our business as a proxy for what might be happening, but that's the way we look at it. Now you've got to watch weights, too. I mean, everybody get -- we talk a lot about egg sets and chicks placed, but slaughter pounds is what ultimately matters. And as we look forward, though, we see a relatively modest supply growth.
Donnie Smith: I think if you looked at typical seasonal patterns adjusted for where we are today, you would expect that late in the fall, November, December, pricing would be lower than what it is today, I mean, just looking at the seasonal impacts. Now I hasten on to say we'll take seasonal cuts like we have in the last 2 years because we are just not going to get long on supply. And as we look out at our forward demand, we're going to take a seasonal cut. And then if there's meat out on the market, we'll buy. And what we've been able to do is, by working with our customers and sharing some of the commodity risk, we get a stable return in up or down grain markets. And that feels good not only to us, but it feels good to our customers. And so I like where we are. Our folks have done a great job in the last 12 to 15 months or so of changing our pricing portfolio to give us greater stability. And that's what we're constantly looking for is more consistent and stable earnings growth, and our business model is structured to be less volatile than the pure commodity players.
Donnie Smith: Yes, as we canvass the marketplace with our customers, our comments are reflecting what we're hearing back from them. And hey, we look at Technomic and all kinds of industry sources to try to get a read on what is going on out in front of us. I do feel like there's pent-up demand. Demand has moved from foodservice to retail. Demand has moved, maybe, from casual to QSR. And as it moves around, we have the flexibility to move around with it. And so what we really look at is what we think the overall tonnage growth will be, and that keeps landing on about 0.5% to maybe up 1%. And if there is pent-up demand, that's good news for us. If it's not, still got a great year ahead of us. And if it moves around between the different parts of foodservice or different aspects of retail, we've got a lot of flexibility built into our production model and our distribution model to be able to reach that demand wherever it is.
Donnie Smith: Well, first of all, our grain prices, just for perspective -- we pretty much know what our cost of goods are going to be in Q4. And then you take your cost of goods in Q4 and then move that forward into Q1, and then the receipts in Q1 really help impact Q2. And so there is some of that, I think, related in that comment. And again, if it's related to the Prepared Foods remarks, those are -- there's generally, with the way those pricing structures were set up, there's generally a lag, a quarterly lag going forward. So as raw material prices go down, then we get the benefit of that in the subsequent quarter. And I think -- I'm guessing that is probably more likely to be what that comment was -- is.
Donnie Smith: Well, we're at 50% -- we'll be at 50% company-owned birds at the end of this fiscal year. And then our goal is to be nearing 100% in company-owned birds at the end of FY '14. And so that should help, certainly, in the profitability of those complexes.
Donnie Smith: So we are involved in a couple of benchmarking services. And what we typically look at is our rolling 12-month performance, and our goal is to always be in the top quartile. And so we are there, so we feel good about that. In the last month or 2, we don't compare as favorably on the operating margins because the commodity players are getting the benefit of the peak of the commodity markets. Our goal is to have more consistent and more stable earnings, and so our margin -- our model is structured so that we're less volatile than just the pure commodity players. But we feel very good -- as we look at the cost components and the pricing components relative to our expectations, we feel very good that our poultry business is operating very well. Now Jim made a comment earlier that we continue to have things that we strive for and continue to push for improvements, and so we can get better, but we're operating very well.
Donnie Smith: I think you're thinking about it right. I would -- the pricing being down 8% or whatever, I'm not going to go to those kind of details. But I think you're thinking about it right.
Donnie Smith: Okay, so I'll give you as much detail as I can. Yes, we do expect Chicken revenues to increase. And just like our strategy says, we will be doing that by driving value-added Chicken and our international Chicken business. And so we have every expectation of growing that business and leading it with 6% to 8% growth in our value-added and 12% to 16% growth in our international business. So those are the key drivers. We remain focused on that, and that's going to be what drives revenue growth.
Donnie Smith: Yes, down a little bit. Yes, we look at the same industry sources for pricing, whether it's Informa or EMI or whoever folks might use as the industry and market expectations. And so we look at those and then apply a little bit of our own internal intelligence to that to come to our expectations for our plan. But we think those folks are directionally correct.
Donnie Smith: It includes basis. That's all-in. And we always talk about cost of good -- what the grain impact in cost of goods sold. Not receipts, not purchased. It's always cost of goods sold.
Donnie Smith: You're exactly right, Ken. The lunchmeat deal has been pushed out another quarter or so to get to the full run rate. And so the front half is a little bit like what we're seeing now, but then a lot of this stuff starts really kicking in, in the back half. And then you get to layer on what you would expect is a good year on '15. So some help in '14, more help is coming in '15 and beyond.
Donnie Smith: So we're investing in our Prepared Foods business in a lot of ways. Some staffing. We're doing some consumer spend. We're doing some customer spend. We obviously have a big operational spend in that business. And recall that Prepared Foods, for us, is a broad range of not only products but different businesses at different stages of maturity. We've got some businesses in Prepared Foods that are mature and that generate great returns and others that we're building, and they will begin contributing significantly as we move out front. So we've got some gas in our portfolio: ethnic, handheld, snacks. And we're going to continue to invest in these businesses. I like to look -- I like to think of Prepared Foods a lot like our Chicken business a couple of years ago. And we've made steady progress on not only the operational side of that but now driving the value-added sales mix and incorporating more market talent and more map spend into that business to drive it. And that's the exact same thing that we'll use in Prepared Foods. We've got great customer penetration. We've got great distribution capabilities. We've just got to broaden the portfolio, improve the operating efficiencies and then spend against some demand that we feel like we can generate. So that concludes our call. Thanks for joining us today. Thank you for your interest in our company, and you all have a great day.
