Melanie Boulden: Yeah. Donnie, I think you did a great job I'm hitting the highlights. The only thing I'll add for you Peter is, as Donnie said, our foodservice performance was strong, and I believe you asked about this question. Our growth this quarter was up 3% and that was due to customer expansion. Look, as this channel is rebounding, it continues to be an important part of our portfolio that we are focused on because we want to be where our consumers are at. And so, we're diversifying our customer base, we're building digital capabilities to drive demand, and we are focused on profitable growth.
Melanie Boulden: Thanks, Adam. So, I'll start first to talk about how we're looking at it from a Prepared Foods perspective and our Branded portfolio. So generally, we're seeing elasticities returning to pre-COVID levels. And as you know, we seek to balance both price and volume growth to maximize the value of our Branded portfolio. But at the end of the day, we do understand the financial uncertainty that our consumers are faced with as inflation remains elevated, which is why we continue to leverage our strong revenue growth management capabilities in support of our brands, and we're prioritizing their health and their profitability when determining our pricing strategy. And additionally, across the board for any of our Branded business, we remain focused on understanding our category dynamics, assessing our competition and, of course, meeting our consumer needs when making pricing decisions.
Melanie Boulden: Yeah. I would just say, Ken, at the end of the day, this is a challenging consumer environment, and boy, competition is stepping up. We're not only seeing competition step up from branded players, but also private label is a factor. And I think overall, we're doing very well and holding our position. But at the end of the day, we are just focused on our own retail business, in particular, and making sure that we're doing what we have to drive consumption, to address any price gaps and make sure that we are maintaining our leadership position in -- which, as you know, in eight of our 10 categories. So right now, we are focused on making sure that we grow through high ROI merchandising with a strong feature and display at shelf. We're increasing our MAP investment to continue to grow our household penetration. We've got strong innovation on shelf now and also coming, which is going to offer strong engagement with consumers. And very importantly, to address pricing, we're making sure that we're enhancing our price pack architecture offering so we can ensure that we are maximizing our distribution footprint. And we think all these steps together, we're starting to see actions in the marketplace and are confident in our full-year outlook.
Melanie Boulden: Yeah. So, this is Melanie. I would say that promotional activity is continuing -- we are continuing to see intense promotional activity. In terms of how we are operating, we have our highest-performing our highest-ROI merchandising initiatives in place to drive our feature and display and choice at shelf, and we are seeing it working. But to your point, competitive activity in this area is strong and we're just focused on controlling our controllables. And in addition to our promotional activity, we're focused on, as I said before, increasing our MAP investment to engage consumers. Again, we've got strong innovation in place, and we're enhancing -- when you asked about price, we're making sure that we enhance our price pack architecture structure to address competitive pricing as well.
Melanie Boulden: Yeah. And the only thing, Alexia, I would like to add, because I think Donnie did a nice job of highlighting more of the top-line, but also as we think about our business and our performance, one of the reasons that we were able to deliver a solid quarter and what we plan on continuing to do is focus on our controllables, the things we can control, especially from an operational efficiency standpoint. So, we're really focused on improving our service levels, maximizing our asset utilization by driving down our overhead and increasing our yield and labor efficiencies. And importantly, we're driving automation to improve our supply chain execution. So, from a top-line perspective, yes, your question was about mix, but I just wanted to reiterate that we're also working all levers of the P&L to ensure that we drive strong bottom-line as well.
Brady Stewart: Yeah. Thanks, Donnie. And Peter, that's a great question and one that we continually are studying. I think when you unpack that cattle on feed report, there's a few comments that obviously are lending itself to the numbers that we're seeing, and part of it's relative to some slower turnover that we've seen. We've seen placements for cattle on feed from some of the drought areas as well from a geographical perspective. And as you indicated, which is the spotlight of the conversation is, we have not seen significant heifer retention to-date and continue to see those heifers move into the cattle on feed report. So, continuing to focus on a few factors relative to heifer retention, obviously, how these interest rates that we see today relative to the difference or the delta today versus some of the cycles in the pack -- in the past is a highlight for us to continue to watch. And then, we'll continue to evaluate and understand how weather conditions are changed and lend themselves into a more favorable heifer retention strategy for these ranchers.
Brady Stewart: No. Thanks, Donnie. And Q1, obviously, is seasonally the strongest quarter of the year. And we'd expect to see some typical seasonality as we move through specifically the latter part of this year as well. The team understands it's their responsibility to control the controllables. And as Donnie indicated, done a really good job of being able to take advantage of some of the spreads we have seen in Q1 and certainly expect those improvements to continue through the course of the year as well. Really seeing some increased operational efficiencies, and the team has done a great job increasing the true business performance through the data and analytics platforms that they've stood up that allow us for better decision-making and really adaptation of some of these market trends in the current conditions.
Brady Stewart: Well, thanks for the question. And as you pointed out there, I think it's really important to emphasize what both John and Donnie indicated in the opening remarks, which was, in Q1, we saw that rapid decline in cattle futures and that was the driver for that inventory valuation adjustment, that was roughly $56 million in the first quarter. And really, as we look at the first quarter, obviously, we saw some headwinds relative to some decreased value in the drop. We saw the spread compression. And obviously, with lower supply, not only in Q1, but as we move through the rest of the year, we see that lower opportunity for cost dilution of our overhead structure relative to these volumes. But let me be really clear, we see a path to improvement as well. And from an operational excellence perspective, how we manage the business today versus the past in a different economic cycle is very important. Focus on efficiency, yield and really balancing supply and demand, not only by a cut-by-cut basis and through our grinds complex, but also in terms of yield and efficiency is going to be paramount and important to the team, and they're dialed in on that as well. We've made changes that certainly provide us opportunity in the future as well as we mentioned last quarter. We've right-sized our Beef value-added business really to match our customer needs and what we're seeing from a supply perspective as we move through this. And again, as I've mentioned before, we have a well-capitalized asset base, and believe we're really able to manage through a variety of headwinds and market conditions that we expect to see as we move through this cattle cycle.
Brady Stewart: Sure. Well, thank you for the question. And I think it's really important to understand, we've really been working within historically high rates from a beef product or cut-out perspective. And when we talk about the arbitrage opportunity between a domestic sale and an export sale, really puts the domestic beef business and industry at a disadvantage right now. We're seeing large supplies from some of our competing countries that are in the southern hemisphere. And they're really on the opposite side of the cycle from we are -- from where we are. And so that's really led to increased opportunity for some of those competing countries and a decreased opportunity for us here in the U.S. However, we have seen strong domestic beef demand has led the -- held these cut-out values at a historically high level as well.
John R. Tyson: Yeah, Adam, thanks for the question. And maybe let me give a few point that will help you shape our '24 outlook compared to '23. I think the first thing to point out is we talked about the network moves, operational performance improvement, we started to realize that, and the adjustment in our guidance range of taking the bottom end up by $100 million, roughly equivalent in-line with where we were ahead of expectations for the balance of the year -- or excuse me, where we were compared to expectations. Then, when I move through the balance of the year, I know one question is sometimes on investors' mind is, "Hey, where is your return on sales guidance? How does that peaking, or not peaking?" We've heard some questions about that. We're not going to return on sales guidance, but there's reasons to believe that our quarter three and quarter four could be around where we delivered the result in Q1, but frankly, it's probably premature to make any strong assertions around that. And then again, Q2, we had weather impacts across all of our segments. Chicken was not immune to that. And so, that's kind of the overall picture that we can give today based on the shape of the year. A couple of other things we're saying, we did talk about a couple of hundred million dollars in improvements on some previous earnings calls, thinking about the benefits we've realized from the network moves. We believe that we have achieved that. We have one facility still going core in Indiana. And when we close out that process, then we'll be nearly finished there. And then, there are some tailwinds from a market standpoint. I think last quarter Donnie was the one who said more tailwinds than headwinds. I think that sentiment prevails. As you know it's not just grain prices, but it is kind of the interplay between that and what chicken markets are doing and what's going on from a supply-demand standpoint to influence things. So, I think overall the $500 million to $700 million range, for a lot of those reasons, is our best estimate today of where we think the year will be. And, yeah, hopefully that gives you a little extra color. Wes, maybe you got something to add in there for Adam.
John R. Tyson: I think there are reasons to believe why some of that could offset it. But I think it would be -- I think, to quantify exactly what that offset is, we're not really ready to do that. But let's zoom out and talk about the broader year, because I think I just want to hone in on some factors that are at play about why we remain cautious on the Chicken outlook. And it has to do with what's going on in the total protein markets. Beef continues to be volatile. I think we've had predictions about where beef prices and beef markets were going to go, some have held through, some have not. There is projections for more pork to be on the market this year. We've already talked about the consumer today. So, I just want to make sure that we land the message today while there -- we're cautiously optimistic about chicken, there remains a lot of uncertainty and a lot of time left in the year. So, Ben, I think I addressed at least parts of your question. Hopefully, that's helpful.
John R. Tyson: That's a great question. I think there's probably room to tighten it a little bit, but let me kind of talk about the total picture. When we gave guidance in the first quarter, we talked about striving to be free cash flow positive that we would pay attention to our ability to manage the business and working capital as well as our operational results, and that would influence our thinking in terms of the total spend. If you just extrapolate where we are in Q1, that would take you towards a higher end of that $1.5 billion range. But that's really just a product of lot of good projects in flight that we have, our efforts to slow down from the spin that was projected in north of $2 billion in recent years. And I would just say we're not trending to that higher end because, "Hey, we've made some adjustment in our opening up the capital floodgates again," we remain very committed to getting that spend down to the midpoint of our range or below as we move through the balance of this year and next year. So that's what I want you to take away from a CapEx guidance standpoint.
John R. Tyson: Yeah, Don, it's a nice summary. I think, again, without touching on what the long-term outlook is like, the things I would point out about how the strategic moves we made have a sustaining impact in our business is a couple of things. First, we're just taking cost out of the system while still keeping the same amount of volume with our customers. Over the long run, that means not putting capital into older and more tired assets, rather investing in those assets where we think we could achieve our targeted ROIC number. And then, I think the other thing, too, is we have really, in the last year, refocused our growth to be demand backed and to be in those subcategory within the Chicken segment, where we see favorable trends from a growth and margin standpoint. So, I think with that over the long run, we project to be competing and performing as a best-in-class chicken company from a margin standpoint, and that's how we realize that. I think the other big move that we made, we've seen it in our live performance results this year is the switch from NAE to NAIHM and that provides us for a lot more consistency in order to meet customer demand and expectations from a live standpoint.
John R. Tyson: Yeah. Thanks, Alexia. So, I think two questions in there. The first off is just independent of weather -- I want to make sure we're tracking. Independent of weather, we expect our Q2 to typically be one of the softer quarters from an operating income standpoint. And so then that's exacerbated by weather a little bit. In the long run, we are projecting for leverage to continue to come down. That's driven by a couple of things. One, we're getting more efficient with working capital. We've talked about some inventory clearing in our -- around our segments. Exactly kind of where things happen in the first half of the year, we can say that we would expect to end our fiscal 2024 in a better net leverage position from a ratio standpoint than last year. That's evident also in our pull down on CapEx and what we projected, which is to be a better year from an operating income and EBITDA standpoint than '23. So that's -- we're trending in the right direction, aggressively pursuing that at or around 2 times net leverage ratio. And we would project that we'll get to do that, continue to invest in our business and also support our dividend from a capital allocation standpoint.
John R. Tyson: Before Donnie wraps us up, I just want to make sure we land one final point related to our outlook for 2024. And we've had a lot of great discussion this morning about our various segments. We obviously moved the range on Chicken and on Pork. But I just want to highlight our reaffirmation of the total company guidance from $1 billion to $1.5 billion based on a lot of various macro factors and the interplay between all of our segments. I think we have reasons to believe while we could achieve a range of outcomes in that window, the midpoint plus or minus, we designed it that way for a reason, and it feels like a way to think about the total look. And then obviously, as we move through Q2 and through the balance of the year, we'll give any revisions as necessary. But cautiously optimistic, promising start to the year, but still a lot of factors at play around total protein availability, consumer sentiment and the other unpredictable factors that would get us to where we are. So, Donnie, I think with that, I hand it over to you.
Wes Morris: Yeah, I had a couple of comments, Adam. We expect to realize our strategic change funding throughout the year. And specifically to your question on year-over-year, both grains and markets were both lower. So, we stayed focused on improving our fundamentals year-over-year, did have a little tailwind, but it's mostly the material change we made in our fundamentals. We improved our live performance, specifically hatch and livability. We have a very disciplined S&OP process that got really tight in Q1, and our sales are not only sold out position, but our forecast accuracy has allowed us to do a better job filling orders with material less working capital.
Wes Morris: Yes, Adam, I'd just add that we're seeing really good dark meat demand. We've seen a reemergence of our wing demand, and we're seeing a slight shift towards foodservice.
Wes Morris: Yeah, I'll take that, Ken. Thanks. We've seen a lot of disruption in the [part] (ph) export side. Specific to leg quarters, freezer stocks are at a really low level and demand seems to be robust enough to clear it at very attractive prices.
Wes Morris: Yeah. And Ben, this is Wes. I'll touch briefly on Chicken. As I said earlier, parts have been interrupted due to [indiscernible]. And on leg quarters, we're seeing frozen inventory in the US at almost record lows. Our inventory continues to be in check, and the pricing has been very good going forward.
Wes Morris: Yeah, Tom, this is Wes. I'll touch on that. We have a very diverse commodity risk management group. We also have different pricing mechanisms with customers in which some of the grains flow-through through pricing. I would tell you it's moderate and in the back half of the year.
Donnie King: If I could add one thing or a couple of things to that as it relates to Chicken. Those operational improvements that all of us have talked about in Chicken, those continue. And those fundamentals, while we are improved, there's still a lot of work left to do there. And we got a really good team working against those things. But keep that in mind as you are looking at Q2 and the balance of the year as well.
Donnie King: Tom, let me add a little more color as it relates to foodservice there. As a reminder to everyone, in the middle of the pandemic, we had some operational issues being able to produce enough product for our customers, and we essentially had to give up some business. And we've been, since the pandemic, trying to go and regain that. But we have a nice diversification between what are the traditionally quick-service restaurants and as well as broad line distribution.
Donnie King: Okay. Alexia, this is Don. There are a lot of questions in there. Here's what I can tell you relative to foodservice. And keep this in mind, we've talked about it today because you have seen some volume improvement relative to foodservice. I would remind you that we had given up some business in the middle of pandemic, and the nature of those contracts can be quite lengthy. And we're starting to get back in when those open up and get some volume. We have maintained in Prepared Foods the capacity which produces those products. So, if you think about it from that perspective, this overhead in these assets have been a drag on our business to some degree. We've gotten new volume to put into those assets. So that's one piece of it. We're probably not going to talk about the differential in the margin structure between foodservice and retail. But it's important that we regain that volume in foodservice. But our retail -- our iconic brands in retail continuing to support those and grow those and innovate and do merchandising like Melanie has talked about before, those are all still critical -- mission critical for us.
Donnie King: Okay. I want to say -- once again, say thank you to all 139,000 of our team members. We're here today and have a good story to tell because of those 139,000 team members who contribute to us each and every day. Their efforts are what makes and what drives this business forward. Our strategy is working. We have the right leadership team in place to deliver, and we're poised to drive long-term opportunity and shareholder value. We've taken some steps in the right direction, but we have a lot of work to do. Thanks for your continued interest in Tyson Foods, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Tom Palmer: Good morning, and thanks for the question. Maybe I could ask on feed costs. Just how locked in is your exposure this year? And then, when you look at the downward moves over the past few months, does this benefit your current fiscal year? Or if it continues, is this more of a 2025 flow-through? Because it does seem like there's some incremental favorability.
Tom Palmer: Okay. Thank you. And then, I wanted to follow up on the Prepared Food side, maybe going back to Peter Galbo's question just on the new customer wins. Are there particular products that you're seeing these wins greatest in or particular channels within foodservice? Thanks.
Tom Palmer: Yes. Sorry. Exactly. Just you've noted some -- your growth was driven by some new customer wins. And I was just curious what products were really driving that for you right now within Prepared Foods. Thanks.
