Noel White: Thank you, Stewart. Supply-demand dynamics have become much more global and our diversified business model and global footprint put us where the growth is occurring and allow us to capitalize on growth opportunities. In addition, we're encouraged by potential increased, export demand and the resulting reduced domestic availability of proteins. In closing, our strong brands, strong team, world-class assets, great customers and a global footprint to meet growing demand for protein leave us well positioned for future success. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator we're ready to begin Q&A.
Noel White: Yeah. Actually we are very pleased that our government has come to trade agreements just since our last conference call with Japan and Korea, Phase one agreement with China with USMCA. So we're very pleased with the progress that our government has made. Shipments continue and interest has been strong. We are currently shipping and we have more orders on the books for China. And our business in the other countries that I mentioned continue to be strong as well not only those countries, but other countries around the world. So from a trade perspective, it looks very promising. And as you might have seen overnight some of the tariffs that have been in place with China were lowered by approximately 5%. So that's great progress as well.
Noel White: Alexia, first of all, I think pork continues to be a great value in the marketplace. And whether it's beef or chicken, chicken is also very attractively priced and whether there's room to raise prices on pork I think it really depends on what happens to cutout over the course of the next 60 days or so. I don't think retailers are going to immediately going to change prices because of some short-term increases in wholesale prices. I think that if they believe that that will continue to be the case then they will. I think it's too soon to call.
Noel White: Sure Ken. First of all, our chicken operations, if you remember last quarter I said that we expected a $200 million improvement year-over-year in 2020 versus 2019 purely from a performance standpoint. And I am pleased to say that we are on track for the run rate of capturing that $200 million. So our plants continue to perform better than what they were. However, the pricing environment on poultry has been relatively weak and that's obvious in public available data, so the improvements that we've captured purely from a performance standpoint has been either offset or more than offset by the weakness in wholesale pricing.
Noel White: Ken, I can't give you an exact number as to what the expectation of the increase is going to be. I think it will certainly increase. And if we take back through 2019, there was a run-up in hog prices in the spring and exports didn't material quite as quickly as what was expected. There were heavy shipments coming out of both South America and Europe to China. And then the Chinese stepped into the U.S. market and we saw the effect of that in the fall. And a lot of the product arrived and cleared in time for the Chinese New Year. There's product that continues to ship. There continues to be interest in pork and the same thing would be true with beef and with poultry. So interest has been strong. Demand has been good. And the other thing I mentioned on the call last quarter is that we expected to backfill into other markets. And that in fact has happened. Our shipments to some of the other countries have in fact increased. So it's not just China, it's to other countries around the world as well.
Noel White: Yes. We do think that there will be a positive impact Rob on exports. We are expecting the four production -- 4% production increase. We are expecting to continue to see growth in demand from an export standpoint not only to China but to other places in the world as well.
Noel White: Yes. And Rob I think we need to keep in mind that when we talk about exports into the different markets that there's strength in certain products, there's weaknesses in certain products when we talk about chicken. So the USDA data would indicate that chicken breast pricing in particular has been weak. On the other hand there has been strength in other products such as boneless skinless thighs and tenders and wings. So it's not as simple as just thinking chicken, but it's specific parts that there's strength and weaknesses.
Noel White: Right. Rob, I -- first of all there was very favorable weather conditions as we came through fall for growing conditions. I think the weight of the chicken as an industry was up year-over-year. I know that ours was certainly heavier, heavier than what we originally projected and I just have to assume that that's probably the case with others in the industry as well. Historically, the U.S. increase over the course of time has averaged at about a 2% growth rate and that's a pretty well-kept pace with what the increase in demand has been. So over the course of 12 months it's hard for me to say, but I think over the course of time that we think in terms of about 2% that that's kind of where my mindset would be.
Noel White: Good question Heather. When Rob asked the question about production increases and I mentioned that the weights were heavier than expected that is in fact true with us and breast meat production as well. So we did use more internally. We did not buy as much on the outside market as what we had originally projected or planned to. Corrections have been made Heather that our buy versus grow strategy remains intact. However in Q1, it was not exactly as we planned.
Noel White: Heather every day brings something new. The news overnight was welcome. If anything I'd say that we're going to have quite a bit of volatility. As I mentioned demand continues to be -- or interest at least continues to be strong. There is certainly the need and coronavirus has just clouded that a bit frankly Heather. There has been disruptions. There's been disruptions in domestic production. There's been disruption at the ports. So that has skewed shipments receivables. I would expect that we get -- once we get past the coronavirus incident whenever that might be that, I do think that there's going to be a very strong demand coming out of that. But trying to estimate what that time period is going to be is not possible at this point.
Noel White: Sure. Ben, our Q1 October, November, December is typically the strongest margin quarter for us and it's not unusual for us to drop off in Q2. So we're basically following the typical seasonal patterns that we would see. And normally we'll see things start to improve in Q2. And then through the summer it's not bad. And then in Q1, October, November, December it strengthens pretty substantially. So we're just projecting that the basic seasonal patterns that we've seen in the past.
Noel White: Yeah. Ben, that's impossible to say what volumes would have been without the fire. I think the distinction was basically that the strength in our export demand and I think it's more of a demand story than restricted supply story. So don't know what supply would have been without the fire, but I do know that demand has been extraordinarily strong both domestically and from an export standpoint in Beef.
Noel White: Yeah. Adam, first of all I can't talk about pricing. It's a very sensitive subject. Most of the pricing is concluded not all of it, but most of it. And I would say that, as we came through our Q1 and as we enter Q2 breast meat pricing in particular is weaker than I would have expected it to be. However, as I mentioned earlier there has been strength in other products. Leg quarter pricing frankly has been a bit erratic as we came through Q1 January, February and don't know at this point what March, April, May is going to hold. A lot of those prices are not yet settled so that would be purely speculate on my behalf. However, with breast meat USDA's data would say it's trading something below $1 right now so it's at or near historic lows. It presents a tremendous value both at retail and at foodservice. And typically when that happens you see some type of increase in either featuring or promotions at foodservice establishments. So I think that over the course of time and whether that's one month or six months, we're going to see increased promotion on those proteins that are of greatest value. And right now that would include chicken breast.
Noel White: You're right, Ben, that is a sensitive question. Now, the production in our Q1, it was heavier than it was originally projected. And we, as always, respond to things that we don't expect, so you can fully expect that to take place. And as far as timing of the Humboldt start-up, nothing has changed with that. The project is on schedule and on budget.
Noel White: Michael, with fast food, different customers use different-sized birds, so it's not possible to say that's advantaging one segment versus another. If we go back a couple of years ago, we saw hamburgers being heavily promoted. And, obviously, this last year that switched to chicken burgers and -- or chicken sandwiches and it looks like this year that we're going to see the same thing. And that's purely because of the value that chicken has right now. And ground pork and beef prices are higher. The lean beef, particularly lean imported beef, is up substantially due to the reasons I talked about in the script, with drought conditions and the shortage of supply coming on, on the imported side.
Noel White: Well, okay. Michael first of all I cannot talk about what specific customers may or may not be doing. But I think that there will be sufficient supply, regardless on whatever customer that you might be referring to. So I don't see an issue from a supply standpoint but can't talk specifically about any specific customer.
Noel White: Well, first typically, as we go into Q3, Q4 – our Q3, Q4, we do see a seasonal improvement that it takes place. So as I talked about Pork, same thing is true with Chicken that once we get into a little warmer weather that people fire up their grills demand does increase. So we're projecting typical seasonal strength in Chicken as well.
Noel White: Yes Simon cattle supply is basically flat year-over-year. Cattle and feeder are actually up some. But pork month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, it does impact pricing and availability. But through the course of the year it all evens out. So as we look at the balance of 2020, basically flat if not a slight increase over 2019. Same thing would be true in 2021 that we look at the calf crop and it would say that we will have equal if not slightly greater number in 2020 and then basically flat into 2021. And then as we move into 2022, 2023 it really depends on retention rate of peppers and other factors that we closely monitor. So answer to your question would be basically flat supplies, perhaps a slight increase in 2020.
Noel White: Yes. Peter I think if anything it's just going to accelerate the efforts that the Chinese have had to decrease the number of wet markets. I think that we'll continue to see modern grocery continue to grow in China. So it's an acceleration. I think both ASF and coronavirus will contribute to that. Short term, obviously there's going to be some impact from coronavirus but that will pass. So we think on a much longer-term basis, it's how we will service modern retail in China. And over the course of relatively short period of time, we think that that will probably take place, particularly with the initiatives that the government has in place.
Noel White: Peter, I think the takeaway needs to be that -- I mentioned that our core lines grew something a little greater than 6%. We captured at least 1% additional share points. And the numbers are just clouded by this production that moved from one segment to the other. So overall, our retail business continues to be extraordinarily strong.
Noel White: No, what I said is that I thought that the shift moving from wet markets to modern retail that the combination of ASF and coronavirus would expedite that transition.
Noel White: The short answer would be, yes, Heather. I think that when we look at value between the proteins chicken is a -- particularly, chicken breast right now is in fact a tremendous value. And pork frankly as well with the quantity of pork that's being generated despite the fact that exports are up. And ground beef attributable to an increase of imported lean is relatively high priced compared to the alternatives. So I would expect to see more features of chicken as we move into spring and summer.
Noel White: Sure. Ben, yes, I can address that. And there was a spike in prices of both 90% lean beef as well as in hams. And we do not intend to take pricing action unless we believe that there is a shift that's taking place in pricing. As you look at ham pricing as we enter the fall, they presented a pretty good value and then they move counter-seasonally higher to about $0.90 on a volume basis. And subsequent to that they've come back down in fact fairly sharply most recently at least in the last couple of weeks. That is opposed to imported lean beef. And if we do believe that there is a longer-term shift in pricing that's when we would take pricing action. But we're -- we typically do not take pricing action on what we believe could be a short-term impact. And it doesn't matter if it's hams or if it's pork bellies for bacon or trim, only if we think that that shift has taken place and expect that to continue.
Noel White: Well thank you for your time today. And please join us online for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders which starts at 11:00 Eastern Time. Thank you.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I think, when you look at the -- this is Stewart. When you look at the reported volumes, those volumes reflect some channel shifts that we had between our segments. They don't account really for any profit on a total basis, so pretty immaterial. You see them in the quarter because of the kind of product. But the numbers we are giving you, in terms of the performance in the market, are more of the organic numbers that reflect the momentum of the business.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, just to be clear, this was a system that was implemented for both Chicken and Prepared. We see the impact only in Prepared at the moment. We don't want to give any specific guidance on the timing for that. Know that we're working aggressively. We are managing the factors that influence the write-offs and the distressed inventory that we see. And we of course expect to see improvement as we move forward.
Stewart Glendinning: And one other thing -- sorry, Noel, if I can just go back to the previous question. I just want to make sure that I'm very clear. Ben, your question on, when we expect to see improvement, we have so far this quarter have seen run rates that have been consistent with last quarter. And just for clarity, as we're working on this, of course, we expect this not to be a permanent part of our business. I want to be really clear that, that improvement lies in front of us.
Stewart Glendinning: No. In fact, you'll only see it in this quarter. Last year – really this took place a year ago. And because of the seasonality of this product you see a little bit more impact in the quarter. As I said in total, the volume is not material. And certainly the profit is completely immaterial.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes that's correct. I mean you also need to bear in mind that the various Nielsen numbers and the foodservice numbers that some of those represent a portion of the volume. And certainly Jon can provide a little bit of a reconciliation during the follow-up call.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, Jake, we didn't give any EPS guidance on the last call and we're not planning to give EPS guidance for this year.
Stewart Glendinning: No, we did not. We talked about what our long-term algorithm looked like, but we did not address specifically anything for 2020.
