Stewart Glendinning: Thanks Noel and good morning everyone. The third quarter results were in line with our expectations with earnings of $1.47 per share. Our operating margin was 7.3% on operating income of 796 million. Revenues were $10.9 billion up 834 million compared to Q3 last year on an 11.8% volume increase. Average sales price declined 3.5% due to product mix changes resulting from acquisitions and divestitures, primarily the acquisition of American Proteins. We're very pleased with our acquisitions and we are even more optimistic about the potential for growth and the pace of synergy capture. Across our last four acquisitions to Tecumseh, American Proteins, Keystone, and most recently the poultry operations in Europe and Thailand, we spent a little under $4 billion and we're on time and on budget integrating these businesses.  We're already covering our cost to capital on an off to tax basis in 2019 and as we deliver the full benefit of our synergies we will drive impressive returns on these acquisitions while expanding our scale and enabling additional long-term growth. To facilitate our organic and acquisition growth we require more robust analytic capabilities and standardized processes across a common platform. In the third quarter we implemented a new information technology system to meet these needs. And while we did experience some disruptions the vast majority of the transactions went according to plan. Our people have been working diligently to resolve the delayed order and billing transactions and we expect to be back to business as usual shortly. We haven't defined a dollar impact but it has increased our working capital days.  During the third quarter we repurchased 1 million shares for $79 million. Year-to-date we've bought back a total of 3.4 million shares for $225 million as part of our commitment to delivering value to our shareholders. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 20.4% in the third quarter and 20.8% year-to-date including cash of $406 million, net debt was 12.2 billion. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.9 times for the 12 months ending June 29. Net interest expense was $119 million in Q3. Capital expenditures were $315 million in the quarter and $971 million year-to-date as we focus on growth and efficiency projects with expected returns greater than the cost of capital.  Depreciation and amortization was $286 million in the third quarter and $809 million year-to-date. Weighted average outstanding shares in Q3 were approximately 367 million. Our operating cash flows year-to-date are over 1.5 billion and liquidity at the end of Q3 was also 1.5 billion. In Q4 we will focus our capital allocation on debt reduction as we have $1 billion coming due and we expect to address with cash flows and existing or new short-term liquidity. As we near the end of fiscal 2019 I'll provide a final outlook for the year and some initial thoughts on next year. These figures include Keystone and the recently acquired operations in Europe and Thailand. Note that also 2020 will be a 53 week year, we've adjusted our outlook to be comparable to 52 weeks.  Sales are expected to be approximately $43 billion in fiscal 2019 and grow 6% to 7% to around $45 billion to $46 billion dollars in fiscal 2020. Net interest expense should approximate $450 million both this year and next. We're projecting capital expenditures of approximately $1.3 billion this year with a similar amount in fiscal 2020. We expect liquidity to remain above our $1 billion target. Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 21% this year and 23% to 24% in 2020. We're maintaining our earnings guidance for fiscal 2019 at $5.75 to $6.10 cents per share. We'll provide earnings per share guidance for fiscal 2020 on our fourth quarter call in November but next year we expect all segment results to be similar or better than this year while producing top line and bottom line growth. That concludes my remarks and now we'll return to Noel for additional commentary. Noel.
Stewart Glendinning: Yeah, look I -- thanks for that Ken. Clearly there are probably two things there that will influence the quarter. Number one will be meat prices, that always has a large impact on our results. The other will be the movement in grain prices and as you've seen in the last few weeks a lot of movement in corn. We came in through the fourth quarter -- through the third quarter with a pretty big mark to market in chicken that was about 40 million bucks. And as you can see in the last couple weeks a lot of that has reversed. So those are the two big items that I would point to. 
Stewart Glendinning: And maybe Rob one other thing just to keep in mind and that is that on the -- in the Food Service business there is a large chunk of business that is where pricing is tied to the cost of the materials. So that benefits our customers when prices go down and of course it costs them more when prices go up. That's automatic right. 
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, so certainly the focus as you rightly point out is going to be on debt reduction. The answer to your question around why no change in the total interest is just because of the timing that we took on for the debt of Keystone. The mix of some of that debt, the relative interest rates I actually just looked at that on Friday and can confirm that we feel confident in our number. The only other thing I would say is that we are focused on debt reduction. let's also be well aware of the fact that we are pulling all of the other capital leaders at the same time. We have had a 38% CAGR on our dividend rate and that is paying out at a good level now. We have had a couple of successful years of higher than average CAPEX investment as we have invested behind new plants, new capabilities in our business and we've also as I pointed out on the call today have spent $4 billion in the last year buying businesses which on a cumulative basis now are performing in excess of their cost of capital on an after tax basis. So I would say our capital allocation strategy is broad and effective.
Stewart Glendinning: Okay, let me give you the answer to both of those questions. So first of all on the mark-to-market on corn the $40 million benefit in the fourth quarter for chicken yes, you should expect that to come back. It depends a little bit of course on the prices of where the futures market goes but I think you've seen in the last couple weeks some of the benefit we ended up with in the third quarter as a lot of its unwound. But either way you took the benefit in last quarter and you need to buy the corn in this quarter. So, you will see an impact, that's the answer to your first question. The second piece on the guidance for next year is we would prefer to get closer to the end of our year so we've got a better perspective on next year before giving you that guidance. It's consistent with what we did last year. There are a lot of factors that are moving around, Noel pointed to the fact that we're sitting on sort of a $150 million or $200 million of grain year-over-year, just where we are at the moment. So is that -- and if that moves around we'd rather be at the year-end give you a guidance. We've given you the percentages so that you can start to shape the year yourself. We've given you the top line, I think that will at least give you a head start.
Noel White: Thank you, Stewart. As African Swine Fever impacts the global protein landscape Tyson is well positioned to meet consumer needs with our diversified portfolio. At this time it remains difficult to know the size of those opportunities or when they'll happen. We estimate increased exports of pork to China may happen late in the calendar year. There could be volatility in the early stages as global exports begin to backfill protein needs in the countries affected by ASF. Tariffs and trade restrictions add another layer of uncertainty while rumors of tariffs being lifted have created volatility. Tyson Foods continues to support efforts for new trade deals to bring stability to export markets. If the tariffs are removed, the U.S. pork industry will likely benefit directly. If they are not we will benefit from backfill and real allocation opportunities.  Regardless of the market dynamics we are prepared to capitalize on all opportunities through great execution, cost control, and most importantly by meeting our customer's needs and expectations. We're excited about the direction of our company. We're leveraging our $7 billion international business, we are matching priority supply markets with priority demand markets across more and more proteins to deliver what we believe will be a very effective model to reach key markets and customers. Domestically our core retail and food service product lines continue to experience growth. Tyson is aligned with customers and channels that are growing. We also continue to innovate creating new products including some outsider traditional meat offerings and more are in the pipeline. That concludes our remarks and we're ready to begin Q&A.
Noel White: Yeah, sure Ben. I think that it's not only going to be pork that's benefited. I think that all of the proteins will benefit. In total they are somewhere around 5% of global protein that's disappeared. So whether it's a direct benefit or indirect benefit regardless it'll be beneficiary to us. So I think that both pork, beef, chicken all three primary proteins could benefit from that. The degree Ben it really depends on the timing of when these shipments might begin, whether it's from the United States or from other countries in a much more significant way. So I mean the guidance that we've provided is that we think that the earnings that we've generated so far and in 2019 there's upward potential and in some cases I believe a sizable upward potential and in some of our segments.  The other thing that I'd like to point out is that if we assume that ASF, if we completely discount ASF, the 6 to 7 top line growth that we are projecting for next year which will take us from the $43 billion to the $46 billion to $47 billion with current return on sales that generates an incremental $200 million. Additionally I talked about the fact that we are not happy with where our Poultry Group is at and we think that they're somewhere around 200 basis points yet to improve. So there is another $200 million. So some of that we will give up by a higher tax rate but we still are in position to gain significantly. 
Noel White: Right, well Ben it really provides a platform for us. We have a reasonable supply base and we also have operations now in the primary demand markets that we've identified. So both from a supply standpoint, demand standpoint we feel good about where we're at right now but that's not to say that we're done and we'll continue to look at other opportunities that present themselves. So over the course of time we'll continue to build out that space just as we intend to do in our Prepared Foods and value-added food space. So continued growth but not in one specific market. 
Noel White: We do not plan on incremental production coming online. However we have as -- acquire some assets from Keystone just recently. So that will obviously expand our numbers and our volume as we report them. But as far as actually increasing chicken production itself, right now actually we're more focused on getting our business to run as we would expect it to which is it's not where we want right now and it's fairly isolated. It's within a handful of plants that are not performing at the levels that they need to. So we need to get our business running as we would expect before we would think about growing and expanding our current volumes.
Noel White: Yeah, I would say nobody knows. My expectation is it does look like there is -- at least has been some sizable freeze inventories in China that they will work through the inventories that are on hand and it appears like that could be someplace in fourth quarter of the calendar year. So you would expect shipments from production to start sometime later this year whether that's October, November, December nobody knows, but that's my expectations. Alexia if I go back to your chicken question I was talking in terms of just raw chicken being produced. However we have added capacities, capabilities on the further processing side. So we do have lines that we've increased some capacities, we have a new plant that we opened a little over a year ago, a new processing plant in Green Forest, Arkansas. So it's not as though we don't have production capacities, we have capacities to take the chicken that we either produce or buy and add more value to it.
Noel White: Yeah. Ben you're right, that is about the number that we're expecting to come through and we do expect that to occur in 2020. We know specifically which plants are opportunities for us. We know what the causes are and they are in the process of being addressed. You know we have some turnover numbers that are higher than what we expect which generates yields that are less than we expect, productivity and throughput is not where we expect it to be. So we know specifically where the opportunities are at, we know the root cause, and we have a team that is fully dedicated to get them corrected as quickly as possible.
Noel White: Sure, well if I go back to last spring Ben that's when a lot of the rumors and discussion about shipments to Asia have started to affect the futures markets. Hog futures escalated rapidly and with that some of the pork prices started to go up. Now as we got into May and June that subsided, so as we were having conversation with customers back in the March-April time period we were talking about price increases and said that this is an unprecedented event and we've been selective on where we have taken price increases and in other cases we've not. It's really dependent on the product and the product category but all of our customers are fully aware of what's in front of us with African Swine Fever and what the potential price impacts could be. So as we start to see prices escalate all the conversations that have already taken place and I think it's at that point in time where you see products move up because of the increased disappearance and you'll see the Prepared Foods price changes implemented.
Noel White: Yeah, sure Adam. First of all we are pleased with our volume that we are significantly outpacing the industry and in our volume growth. We have over the course of the last 12 to 18 months invested in that business and we're seeing the dividends from those investments. So some of the product categories that that I mentioned in our prepared remarks those were just a few examples of where we're seeing the type of growth in the marketplace. So we expect that to continue, the growth in our Prepared Foods space. We continue to invest in the category both from a map standpoint as well as from an innovation standpoint. So we have a very robust pipeline of products that we'll be introducing in 2020. So we're very positive, very optimistic on the outlook for Prepared Foods. The ability to manage the raw material price increases, that's our business, that's what we get paid to do. We know that it is likely to occur at some point in time. We've done a lot of preparation and with the expectation that the prices will at some point in time start to go up. So we feel good about our position in the marketplace, our volumes is strong and we believe that we can generate the 12% plus margins that you were expecting for this year.
Noel White: Yeah, the most recent, I mean grain prices are expected to be higher as we go into 2020 Adam so we are expecting some price increases at the tune of a couple of $100 million at this point in time. Obviously it changes on a day to day basis but that's basically where it's at right now. So the numbers that I talked about the under-performance, the 2200 basis points or 2% return on sales it's very achievable despite the fact that grain prices are expected to go up.
Noel White: In most categories I'd say yes Rob, we are expecting inflation on the raw material cost whether it's beef, raw material inputs or whether it's pork and/or poultry for that matter. So we are expecting raw material costs to go up for next year and we do expect to capture that back through pricing. As always there are some laggards involved but as I mentioned earlier those conversations have taken place and I think that there's a keen awareness throughout the industry of what the industry is likely to be faced in the next six months or so.
Noel White: I think that would be fair, yes. Those conversations have taken place, it looked like prices were going to go up across the board, late spring, early summer. To a large extent that didn't happen, we've backed away from those. Not entirely but for the most part. But those conversations have taken place and the fact that once we do see raw material costs start to go up then price is going to have to change. 
Noel White: No, I don't think that's the reason that we captured incremental volume Rob. It might have played a part but for the most part we've been executing very well in the Prepared Food space. I talked about the innovation, the product launches, the support that we provided at retail levels. So no, I don't think it was primarily attributable to price at all.
Noel White: Yes, yeah Heather I think you're exactly right. I think that the margin structure if we go back several years ago I think that as an industry we were all enjoying some higher margins than what we currently have. And then our performance relative to that is not where we expect to be. So yes, I think first of all I think the margin structure is somewhat lower than what it was, but secondly there is money on the table for us to capture.
Noel White: Sure, because through the course of time Heather and whether it's with the current dispute with China or other historic disputes that we've had with different countries the product ends up finding its way to other markets and whether it's to China or whether it's to markets that -- whether it's South America or Australia or others that they've been servicing, the supply is somewhat fixed outside of where ASF has occurred. So it's not fit, all of a sudden there's going to be a rapid escalation in production globally that those production numbers are primarily fixed, demand is growing over the course of time which means that it may not ship directly to China but it will ship to other market that that somebody has been buying from another country in the past. But the reason I'm optimistic is because over the course of time it has always worked out that way. And there's always going to be noise in the market about trade disputes and non-tariff trade barriers and over the course of time it all sorts itself out.
Noel White: Sure Michael, yes, we have we have the capability to do that that we have supply lines currently that does and can produce ractopamine-free products and we produce a lot more. It's a matter of demand in the marketplace so we have the option of flipping fairly quickly to ractopamine-free. So that is not a primary concern of ours now.
Noel White: Sure, a lot of it is in mix Michael. But keep in mind that 12%, that's a composite number of all of our Prepared Foods number. So within that there's multiple businesses that generate many different types of margin structures. So it's in fact taking those businesses that have a lower margin structure and getting them to improve based on where they've been. So it might be through volumes, it might be distribution, it might be through new product introduction. There's a multitude of ways for us to do that and secondly to take our higher margin product categories and expand and grow those businesses which is what we fully intend to do. So it would be both, it would be the innovation, new product categories that come in as well as upgrading some of the mix of some of our lower margin structure businesses.
Noel White: No, you're right it doesn't happen very often but that is in fact the value of the diversified portfolio of products and categories that we have and I think that's one of the primary factors that's misunderstood is it's not very often where all beef, pork, poultry and Prepared all deliver at the same time but it does help stabilize earnings throughout the course of time. And I think that it's that value that we provide in the marketplace with that diversified portfolio, a lot of investors are missing. So as we look at our Prepared Foods space I mean it's not that we're going to make a decision to advantage one business or another because our Prepared Foods business has been growing with product that's been transferred internally at market. So it's not the fact that we're giving an advantage to one business or to another, it's because they're earning in the marketplace and they're doing it through diligent work of how we innovate, how we go to market, how we service our customers, and that's the expectation for 2020 is that we're not going to gain share specifically through some mechanism of pricing that's going to disadvantage one and then vantage another. We are going to earn it with our innovation, our marketing, and how we service our customers.
Noel White: Yeah, first of all the first part of the question is really on the food service side, about chicken sandwiches and I do think that chicken is attractively priced right now and there does seem to be a fair amount of interest in featuring more chicken products as opposed to a year ago where we saw much more beef in the marketplace and what we do right now. So I do think that that's a realistic expectation with chicken breast meat prices in particular as low as they are it is attractive to feature. The second part of the question was I think you mentioned Tecumseh, I don't know -- 
Noel White: Yes, so construction remains on schedule and I would say on budget as well equally as important. So, no, no surprises, no delays, nothing sooner than what we originally projected so on schedule with humble. 
Noel White: Yes, certainly Michael. The elasticity, it really depends on the price levels that these products get to and that's the unknown and that's the difficulty in forecast what the impact might be into 2020 which is the reason it makes it so difficult to quantify EPS expectations for next year and it will continue to be a challenge even as we finish out this fiscal year and our fourth quarter earnings call. Just because it does make a significant difference on what type of price levels that these parts move to. Because at some price point consumers will look for different alternatives and it doesn't matter if it's beef, if it is pork, if it is poultry, or if it's Prepared Foods. They'll look for those alternatives in the marketplace. So there is an expectation that at some price point that there will be some demand destruction. However there is room in the marketplace for some price increase without seeing significant demand destruction.
Noel White: No, I think that's fair Michael. I think that with current expectations we're not expecting to see the demand destruction in the market those type of price levels.
Noel White: Yeah, the go to market with Adelle was slightly different Michael and some of our other products but it is a product that we use a fair amount of demos in stores as opposed to advertising, promotion, social media but much more to sample in-store consumers have the opportunity to taste the product and understand how true -- how good it truly is. So, the go to market strategy a slightly different in Adelle and some of our other products.
Noel White: Yeah, certainly, yes we have. I mean we have had relationships, we had office in China for a number of years so we are very familiar with the marketplace, we have regular interaction, daily interaction with a large number of the primary users within China. So we know the market and we have had discussions particularly over the course of the last three or four months that I can't get too specific on what and who but yes there is discussions taking place. 
Noel White: Sure Ken. Well first of all our spending has not gone down but we continue to invest in that business. And we're investing more in 2019 than we did in 2018. But really the confidence is just based on the growth that they have demonstrated and the fact that they have generated fairly strong returns and we could -- probably margin is up some more. However I would much rather have a business that's growing at 3%, 4%, or 5% with 12% margin than not growing at a 14% to 15% margin. But we still intend to grow the business and believe that we can do that with margins that are similar to where they're at today.
Noel White: Well, if you assume -- if you've excluded all the factors that we've talked about Ken so the mark to market we talked about and grain cost increases was a question earlier, we expect to capture that over the course of time. But it's purely just operational performance. Yes, is the answer that we would expect to capture approximately $200 million or 200 basis points.
Noel White: Yeah, I can answer -- its a rather complicated question because I do think that the capacities are going to be somewhat tested this fall. We are expecting a typical increase in numbers as we come into late September, October, November and that's on a six day basis. And I would tell you Ken that there's been somewhat of a change within the industry with the labor supply being as tight as it is most plants would prefer to only run five days rather than six days that when you run six days week after week after week there's a price that you pay in doing that from a team member standpoint, where people simply don't want to work six days on an ongoing basis. But even at six days if the industry did run six days I think that we're going to be somewhat stretched in what the capacities, current capacities are despite the fact that the capacities are greater today than they were a year ago.
Noel White: I think you know typically as we go into the fourth quarter calendar year, margins typically do expand and I do believe there's been some contraction in margin everything else being held equal because squatter capacity has gone up and hog production rates are not at the same rate. So if -- as we see hard production numbers continue to increase which we do over the cap course the next two to three years and numbers grow at a 2% to 3% rate year-over-year. That by the end of 2021 or so we will be back in closer equilibrium to what we saw two years ago with squatter capacity relative to our production numbers. But I do think there's been some contraction and over the course of the next couple years it will equilibrate back to where it was a couple of years ago.
Noel White: Robert let me add that our hedging policy has not changed from what it's always been. We in fact do hedge products, we do not speculate. So the numbers that you're hearing coming from us we mentioned it last quarter, you've heard it this quarter. The only reason we're talking about it because the numbers are meaningful and that it has impacted earnings. But otherwise it's the normal course of business for us and that's hedging products for our customer sales. I just wanted to make sure there's a clear understanding, there's nothing which has changed from past practices.
Noel White: Well Heather, that's difficult to forecast because it's not only why China or Asia might be buying for materials but the type of products and then that has an impact on our specific products. So as an example historically there's not been a lot of Belize's an example shipped to China. Belize therefore in the United States obviously it would impact our bacon prices. On the other hand if they would take, if they would end up buying carcasses as an example then everything disappears. So, purely it would be speculation Heather for me to try and quantify what that might be by specific products.
Noel White: Thank you for your time today and your interest in Tyson Foods. We're looking forward to finishing 2019 strong and deliver substantial growth across all segments of our fiscal 2020.
