Noel White: Thank you, Stewart. This is an unusual, perhaps unprecedented time for the protein industry. In my 39 years in the business, I've never seen an event that has the potential to change global protein production and consumption patterns as African swine fever does. The situation is fluid and fast-moving, but we're working with others in the industry, government agencies and producers to prepare in the event ASF spreads to North America. A worldwide decrease in pork supply could put pressure on our Prepared Foods business by increasing raw material costs while offering significant upside to our Pork, Chicken and Beef businesses. The power of our diversified business model and broad product portfolio across more world geographies will be even more important under these circumstances.  Thinking back to similar instance like PEBB in 2013 and BSE in 2003, we've been able to manage through difficult situation and maximize opportunities when continuity of supply becomes even more important. I believe there is no company better positioned than Tyson Foods to handle what lies ahead.  That concludes our prepared remarks, and we're ready to begin Q&A.
Noel White: Okay. Ben, it is a matter of timing and how that impacts both 2019 as well as 2020. And I do think that Tyson Foods is uniquely positioned in all of our proteins, in our Beef business, our Pork business, our Chicken business because you don't have an incident like this where there's some place in the vicinity of 150 million to 200 million hogs that have died in China that there's not a significant impact. That correlates to about 10 million metric tons of product that has come out of the marketplace. And from a total protein global supply, that's something in the area of 5%. So it's an event that I've never seen happen before, that we are well positioned to deal with that in all 3 proteins.  There's a couple of things that we're doing, Ben, in reaction to that. First and foremost, we want to make sure that this disease doesn't reach the United States. So there has been activity with the industry and the U.S. government to ensure that we're doing everything possible to keep the disease out of the United States and then react to that if, in fact, it does hit the United States. So it is an opportunity, I would tell you, for not just our Pork business but all 3 species.
Noel White: Yes. Ben, I'll go back to my original comment on timing. Really, we have seen pork prices start to move in reaction to ASF, but the hog prices have risen faster than what product prices have. When product is in fact produced on a large scale for China, that product will come out of the U.S. market and prices are expected to escalate fairly rapidly. So it's a matter of predicting when that might take place, whether that's Q3, Q4 of our fiscal year or into calendar 2020. So the 10% to 12% range that we've given, that is down slightly from where we're at and it is an anticipation that pork prices will begin rising through Q3 and Q4.
Noel White: I think we win by continuing to service them to the greatest extent possible with great product and service. And I hate to comment on any specific customer, but Walmart has been a very strong customer of ours for many, many years. It is a segment that is extremely complex. We will work with them to the extent that we can in assisting in any way. But our business is strong with Walmart, and they've been a great partner for many years.
Noel White: The product will enter the market yet this summer, Alexia, on a fairly limited basis and on a much larger scale later this fall. So we will be introducing the product this summer in a fairly limited basis and then on a much larger basis once we get into October and November.
Noel White: Yes. The Pork business continues to operate extremely well, Heather, that as I mentioned, our turnover numbers are down. Our safety numbers are greatly improved. Productivity is much, much better. So operationally, we're performing exceedingly strong. However, the markets, they have risen substantially, both the hog markets as well as product markets. We saw the effect of that in Q2. We're seeing that in the beginning of Q3, that according to public information, margins are less than what we would like right now. However, we do believe that as we move through Q3 into Q4 and particularly in Q1 of next year, margins will become much, much stronger.
Noel White: Yes. Heather, no, there wasn't anything specific that affected the Chicken business. I would tell you that as we came through Q2, that was seemingly the low end of the market as it often is. Prices have strengthened as we've moved through Q3 and -- for Q2 and into Q3. And I alluded to the fact that there are a couple of issues in one specific segment in our business that is in the process of being addressed. But it's purely driven by market factors primarily as well as, to a lesser degree, some performance issues.
Noel White: Yes. Ben, the integration work has gone extremely well through both the domestic as well as the international parts of our business. There have been nothing disruptive, I would say, that it is exactly on plan. Domestically, it's a very stable business for us. The margin structure is relatively stable. It complements some of the other business that we currently have. On the international basis, it solidifies the position that we have in China. It gives us a strong foothold in Thailand as well as other parts of Southeast Asia. So it's been no surprises so far and has delivered according to plan.
Noel White: Okay. From a supply standpoint, Ben, there is nothing unique that we have done most recently. Many of our source and supply are long term in nature. So either we have normal contracts or informal. So the Beef business has evolved to a large extent over the course of the last 10 years or so, where there is a greater knowledge of where the cattle are going to come from as well as, from a producer side, the fact that they know that we're looking for unique characteristics in some of the cattle. So the evolution has been that we have a number of customer agreements and we have to source the cattle that aligns with the type of product that they're looking for. So to do that, we have long-term supply agreements.  So with that, I don't see any substantial change as we look at our Beef business. Q3 and Q4 are typically strong quarters for us, and I would expect the same thing this year. So as we came through Q2, as you said, it's often the most volatile quarter. There was weather disruption. But as we look into Q3, Q4, it looks like there's both good supply of cattle in the regions in which we operate as well as strong demand going into Q3 and Q4. And I would say the same outlook for 2020, that there's nothing on the horizon at this point that would change that. If anything, it could be stronger than what 2019 has been.
Noel White: I think when we talk about chicken exports, historically, that's largely been chicken leg quarters. And you are correct, that we have decreased the amount of total products that we are exporting, specifically leg quarters that we are deboning many of those today and adding more value to those products. So it has been done intentionally. And no, there is no plan to switch back to producing more leg quarters and exporting them in the market. There's greater value in satisfying domestic demand than producing leg quarters for export.
Noel White: I think it's going to be somewhat across the board. It's -- whether it's beef prices, pork prices, really all input prices are expected to increase. So don't think in terms of one specific type of product in prepared. With the increase in export demand, it will affect all proteins not only in the United States but on a global basis. So as you look at export information of what countries are shipping to what destinations, as an example, you'll see Australia has increased beef exports to China. With that, United States has historically been an importer of particularly lean beef firm from Australia. Prices have gone up significantly. So it's affecting not only our markets and not only the pork markets but global markets in all species.
Noel White: Well, the markets are trending up, Adam. So as we came into Q2, that was probably the low end of the market. So as we came through January, February, that was the low. They've improved since then. So that's a bit of a tailwind. So I think the worst is behind us, Adam. We're seeing demand improve a year ago. We saw lot of beef features planned for grilling season. This year, there seems to be more poultry plan than what there was a year ago. So from a demand perspective, it seems to be in a very different position than we were a year ago.  On the operational side, I would tell you that there's nothing that is profound that's -- with the number of facilities that we operate. There are always some unique challenges and there just happens to be a couple of challenges in one segment of the poultry business right now.
Noel White: Yes. Adam, it's going to benefit all 3 species, beef, pork and poultry. And it will be to the detriment of prepared on a short-term basis. Now in time, those increase in costs will be passed along, but there is a timing issue. So that is the reason that we tempered the Prepared Foods earnings outlook and the reason that we are, in fact, a little more bullish than what we were on Beef, Pork and Chicken not only through the balance of 2019 but into 2020.
Noel White: Yes. Michael, both are on track. There's the plant that we announced in Tennessee. Construction is proceeding as planned. There's -- not being delayed. It's on budget. So no change there. And then the financial fitness, that's just part of our business today, Michael, that we are not breaking that out specifically. However, I would tell you that is part of our fabric. We do track that internally. We don't talk about it externally. But yes, I think it's fair for you to build that into your model.
Noel White: Ken, that would be speculation on my part because there's nobody that knows the exact situation in China. I think the reports that we all read, that you have to accept those at face value. There's quite a range, as you know, that's -- it's being quoted anywhere from 20% of the herd to 30-plus percent. So on an equivalent basis, that's more than the entire hog production in the United States on an annualized basis, but there's nobody that knows exactly how many hogs are affected.  And are they increasing poultry production? I would say probably to the extent possible. However, as you know, there's been some limitations within China on the breeding flocks. So it's not as easy. It's just saying that we're going to start raising more chickens. And you have the factor that the predominant form of chicken that's consumed in China is a yellow bird. It's not the white bird that we produce here. So it's a different type of product than what we're accustomed to. So it's not as though you can turn off pork and turn on poultry. It will be multiple years before the supply balance comes back into equilibrium.
Noel White: Yes. It would be some of each. It would be both in our Pork business as well as our prepared business. And if I move just specifically to the Pork business, as news of ASF became a little more widespread, the futures market made significant gains so futures were higher, and as a result, hog prices went up as well even though product prices didn't. So there can be periods of time that the live markets can leave product markets or vice versa. In this particular case, the live market did get ahead of the product market so there is a lag that is taking place right now.  And then on the product market, I think you clearly understand that as right -- as prices rapidly rise on the input side, the price recovery, there's a lag in capturing it. So by the end of Q3, Q4, it should be pretty well priced into the market. On the prepared side, it might change slightly lower.
Noel White: Jeremy, there's not an exact way to answer that question because we have many, many different types of pricing models. So it's not as though we have fixed-price models, that we have priceless models, that we have a model that allows immediate pass-through. We do sell some on a spot basis, but we have many different models. So it's not as though we sell one way and the lag is going to be 2 months or 12 months. So there's -- I can't give you a specific answer to that. It will take time to pass on through. But that's been done intentionally, Jeremy. That we have set up various pricing models with many different types of customers to provide stability in our earnings so we don't have the volatility that more of the commodity-oriented players have.  So we will not reach the highs in the market when commodity prices go high nor will we reach the lows. We're looking for a more stable earnings stream, and that's the way that our pricing model has been set.
Noel White: The answer, yes. Yes. Definitely, Jeremy. We would be working and have worked with our supply. We do produce ractopamine-free product today, and it's an offering that we make into the market both for domestic as well as international use. And we do work with groups of producers for us to do that. We can expand that program. So the answer would be yes. We have the capability on a large-scale basis to meet those international demand. However, I would tell you, we will balance that with the domestic customer base that we've serviced for many years and plan to continue to service. So some companies might view this as opportunistic. We don't. We view this as a mobile, long-term event. And we will structure our business to service not only the international markets as though we have in the past but continue to service our domestic customers as well.
Noel White: No. All I can say, Jeremy, is that we're disappointed that it went this far. But I'm not going to make any comments on any pending lawsuits.
Noel White: I think that would be accurate, Michael, because it is a matter of timing, right, because we have seen raw material prices that have moved higher. It has had an impact on Prepared Foods, but we've not seen the corresponding reaction in the livestock prices. So we do think that there will be an expansion that will take place in beef, pork and poultry. It's a matter of if it's in fiscal 2019 or if that moves into 2020.
Noel White: I think there's a real risk that, that could take place. African swine fever has been -- we've been aware of circumstances globally for a number of years, 10 years, 15 years. But it has spread rapidly in the course of the last 12 months not only in China but throughout other parts of Asia as well as Europe. So I think the threat is real. And I do think there is a distinct possibility it could come to the United States, and we need to be prepared for that. We need to be prepared from a regulatory standpoint.  When we had high path AI in this country a few years ago, the industry and the government quickly mobilized. We need to take that as a lesson and use that in the case that it does come here as well as from a trade standpoint in trade -- in talking with our trade partners about regionalization and the fact that it doesn't matter if it's in the United States or within Europe or any other country, that it should be on a regionalized basis. And we do have meetings that have and continue to take place with industry associations, with the government as well as those in the pork business. So there is a coordinated effort that has been underway for the last 60 days or so.
Noel White: No. There is not, Ken. No structural issues. We do have a few specific plants that are not performing at levels that we would want, but nothing on a structural basis. The team knows where the opportunities are, and they are after those opportunities.
Noel White: Yes. It would. Even excluding African swine fever, Ken, I think the outlook as we look into 2020 would be positive for several reasons. One, the cattle herd is at least stable, if not still slightly growing, but the growth has leveled off. However, global demand continues to be extraordinarily strong. So exports have been good. Domestic demand has been very strong as well.  Moving over to Pork. We -- as we came through 2019, there was several new plants that came in line. So capacity increased at a greater rate than what hog production did. We are seeing growth in hog production. So I think that, that delta that we saw change in 2019 will come back in closer balance. So I think that's a positive on the Pork side.  And on poultry, as I mentioned, we started the year -- Q2 was not a particularly strong quarter for us. But for the year, we're going to end up at about 6%. And it looks like as we move into 2020, it has the possibility of being something stronger than that.  So all three businesses in addition to our prepared, which has had several record quarters, continues to perform exceedingly well. So no, all parts of our business look good at this point, the last component being our International business. Our legacy International business continues to strengthen. It's -- we are at breakeven or better at this point. And historically, that was a segment that did not make money. It cost us money. So that is a change in our business as well.
Noel White: Yes. Yes, that's fair, Ken. And that is excluding Keystone. That would be our legacy business that we would be on a run rate to make money.
Noel White: I think that it's because of the alternative protein. Well, proteins other than chicken. So as an example, beef prices are significantly higher than what they were a year ago. So as an alternative, I think they've chosen to promote more chicken this year than what they did a year ago simply because of the price of beef. I mean, the beef cut-out is something, let's say, $2.30. So it's extraordinarily strong. So as they look at what they want to feature, chicken is a great value right now. So I think that's the primary reason more so than the MAP spend that's going against it.
Noel White: Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in Tyson Foods. You'll be hearing from us again at the BMO Conference next week and at our Investor Day, June 20. Thanks, everyone.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Heather, it's Stewart here. One other quick comment that's worth noting is that, obviously, as we project the back half of the year, we have the benefit of knowing what came in the first half of the year. We had a strong Q2. We came in at better than 8% in Q2. So that factors into our confidence for the full year despite the pressure that we're seeing in Q3.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. One other thing I'd just throw in there, Heather, you saw in Q3 -- and we don't normally get into sort of our -- all of our mark-to-market. But in this quarter versus last year, last year, we had a gain in our mark-to-market hedging on grains. We had a loss this year, and the delta between those 2 had the impact of a couple of percent on our number. So that's worth noting as you consider what went on in the quarter.
Stewart Glendinning: The only thing I'd add, Michael, is just on the cost front, I think Noel mentioned it earlier, but all of the acquisitions, as we integrate those, the synergies are coming in as planned as well so cost coming out on a number of fronts.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. It's worth noting maybe that on the prepared side, the team has already started to go out to the market with some price increases. So that team is well prepared and already taking action.
Stewart Glendinning: And one of the reasons why I think it's best, we have the benefit obviously of pretty detailed models internally to be able to see where things are going. And it's why we -- it's one of the reasons why we prepare a detailed financial forecast for you in terms of giving you that heads up. I would also say it's worth noting that in the quarter, whilst you saw some weakness in Chicken, just reflect on where the return on sales were for all of the other businesses, and they look really good.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Look, so a couple of comments on Q2, and then we'll talk about the future. So looking back at Q2, just pure grain prices in Q2 were slightly higher than the same quarter last year. And then, of course, you had the impact of this timing gain in the first quarter last year and the loss this quarter -- this year. How those play out into the future, of course, will depend a little bit on the grain prices themselves. I think actually, the key answer to your question lies in your point at the end, which is the assumption around price. When we gave you the expected return on sales for the business, we're making assumptions both around our hedging, the price of grains that we expect to pay and then the commensurate prices that we're getting in the marketplace. So there's no sort of easy answer to just say, well, price of corn will be down and therefore, we'll be making a lot more money. We've sort of woven all of that price and cost of corn into the forecast that we've given you.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Look, potentially, I think the real thing about grains is it's an input that we have to take. We take that into account in our pricing, and our hedging is not in any way speculative. It is designed to take the volatility out of the grains that we use in our business. And so over time, you will see our hedging in a rising market will slow that impact, and in a falling market will delay the benefits. But I don't think that you will see any sort of dramatic change in action. Otherwise, we're just entering a sort of trading game, which is not our business.
