Donald J. Smith: Ken, as we look at – I'm going to combine the both, probably around $20 million for Q2. And as you know, they're continuing to linger, so we're going to have to continue dealing with them over the next quarter or two. But we're hoping that the West Coast port issue should clear up in the next two to three months. There are some ebb and flows that kind of keep us from having all the confidence we'd like to have in that, but figure Q2 at $20 million, and some of that gets pushed into Q3 and on forward.
Donald J. Smith: So, yeah, as we look at Prepared Foods, we'll continue to deliver over 8% in Prepared Foods. Now, there's a couple of categories – by the way, the categories that are showing really good growth where we've given up a little bit of share and we're going to need to reinvest some of the raw materials savings in the back half to regain that share and protect those businesses for the long term. The other categories, it's probably export-related. With the West Coast port slowdown, if we're two to three months from seeing that, then that's going to linger a little bit into Q4, and we're just uncertain as to whether or not our estimate on that is correct. And then, these AI bans we've seen – even as late as last week, we saw a couple of other outbreaks or few more outbreaks of AI up in the upper Midwest in turkey and table egg flocks. And as those outbreaks continue, it continues to push out the time when those AI bans would be lifted. And so, we're predicting a little bit more export leg quarter pricing softness in the back half than what we had thought before. So, hopefully, that sums it up.
Donald J. Smith: By the way, Ken, if we're overly conservative on these issues, then certainly our back half could improve further.
Donald J. Smith: Well, certainly as we get into 2016, Ken, our expectation is to be rapidly approaching our new projected normalized range of 10% to 12%. And what we're talking about is just the flow of operating income improvement to get to that point. So, with the favorability in raw materials plus what we're going to need to reinvest back in some of these categories, we're going to be over 8% in the back half. If raw materials are a little more favorable than we thought, then certainly that number will improve. But you will see a sequential increase in operating income in our Prepared Foods segment through this fiscal year and then into next.
Donald J. Smith: Sure. So, we'll be in the second year of our synergy capture and as we said a little earlier that's got a little better. So, we see improvements there as we continue to reset the cost structure in Prepared Foods. For the first time in 18 months, we've now got the capacity to increase fully-cooked chicken sales, and this – and next year, 2016, will be the first year where we have an incremental year-over-year ability to have a full-year sale growth in fully-cooked chicken. If we're right, and we're at the – we've seen the trough in the beef supply cycle, then our beef numbers should improve sequentially next year over this. Oh, by the way, back on chicken, we're starting up the trade back plan in South Georgia this month, so we'll have a full year of those results in our number next year. I would think that pork is set up to have a pretty good year next year, and we think that's going to provide good raw material price discourse in our Prepared Foods business. Not to mention the fact we're going to be generating a lot of cash, so we'll get to pay down debt, we'll have opportunities to continue to invest in our business, that type of thing. And again, we've got great brands, and we've got them in great categories that are growing and we'll be using our brand growth to continue to drive this expectation of having stable consistent earnings growth over time.
Donald J. Smith: I can tell you, for us Ken, it's early. But I'm not – no, I wouldn't go so far as to say I'm taking a stab. I mean, we feel comfortable about our ability to deliver 10% EPS growth next year with a lot of reasons to do so but it's hard to get anymore granular than what we've said this early in 2015.
Donald J. Smith: Okay. So, yeah, I'll just break down through segments. So, we would certainly see the opportunity in our Prepared Foods segment to approach our normalized range. In Chicken, at this point, if we project the current soft leg quarter prices into next year, we're still at or above the top end of our normalized range in Chicken. Again, beef should get a little bit better than this year. We think pork will improve next year over this year. So, there's good – we feel comfortable that 2016 is set out to be a very good year for us.
Donald J. Smith: But I would say somewhere 1% to 2% sales volume growth, don't know that I would predict any production volume growth. Next year, my guess is we'll do a lot more of buy versus grow, which, by the way, there's some impact in that in the flat volume of this year, because this year we bought about 50% more loads a week as part of buy versus grow program than we did last year. So, we don't have the sales or the volume of the back half those birds, but that's a good thing. So, yes, we will have sales growth next year, and I would predict the revenue growth to outpace the sales growth. But in terms of production, we currently wouldn't see our production up.
Donald J. Smith: Okay, Adam, you were cutting out just a little bit. I think I got the gist of your question, so if I miss it, please ask a follow-up. But a reminder, our synergies number is all of Prepared Foods. And so, we talked about four primary categories, that being operational improvements, procurement, let's call it logistics, and then some organizational and fiduciary type stuff. But the big three categories where in operational improvements, procurement and manufacturing, and logistics. So, the over delivery so far in the first two quarters has been in the operational improvement, as we've been able – and this by the way primarily, but not exclusively impacted the legacy Prepared Foods Tyson business. We've seen some improvement as we've been able to move some of our product mix between plant to streamline our cost structure, streamline our operational efficiencies, and by the way, get on top with some service issues that we had in Q1. So, we feel great about our ability from this point forward to service our customer. As we go forward, what you'll really see is some improvement in the operations category, more improvement in the logistics and in the purchasing categories over time. And those will – a lot of that becomes what we're calling a reset of our Prepared Foods cost structure. So, as we take that improved cost structure and what we believe will be improved raw materials in Prepared Foods into 2016 along with the great capabilities we have to launch new innovation and multiple levers to adjust our pricing and volume, and trade and MAP spend, we see a great opportunity to have that business up into its normalized range as we move forward.
Donald J. Smith: Adam, it's too early to tell because of what – of some of those types of synergy that we would use to spin back to grow volume in those categories. Remember we've got advantaged brands and advantaged categories. And as these categories are growing, we want to make sure that we maintain strong market share in them to capture the growth as we move forward. So, we'll manage that carefully. And certainly, if there's a way to improve margins, we'll do that, but we feel comfortable now saying that a normalized range of that business should be in the 10% to 12% range.
Donald J. Smith: Adam, I'm sorry. I didn't catch 10% – I caught 10% of your message which was the word ten percent, I'm not sure.
Donald J. Smith: I'm sorry, Adam. Operator, we'll follow-up Adam – I'm sorry, we just can't – we just can't get the question.
Donald J. Smith: Sure, Michael. So, we're seeing about around number 7% growth in pullets. We think about 3% of that's going to Mexico, probably 8% of that is getting spent back to lower the hen age which leaves about 3% as the growth in the actual breeder flock. And by the way, so far year-to-date – I'm just look at fresh retail but obviously we've got great opportunities in foodservice. You're seeing growth there as well. But demand for chicken at – fresh chicken at retail just using a category that we can get numbers around is up about 3%, 3.5% versus a year ago. So, there is good, strong demand growth, and we think that will continue because we don't really see beef pricing halo changing. There's ample opportunities particularly at retail to drive a lot more pork volume and not hurt chicken volume at all. So, we see a very favorable environment coming out of this year and going into 2016 in terms of demand.
Donald J. Smith: Certainly that is a favorable environment for our business. I would probably be a lot more comfortable talking about the impact to our pork margins overall a quarter from now, when we've seen some of this export West Coast port issue get resolved. And you'll start seeing freight flow more traditionally than what it has over the last 90 days to 120 days of course. So, we'll feel better about having a lot better commentary, more specific commentary about that on our next quarter but certainly the environment is set up well for our Pork business. And again, on the chicken demand, we see strong chicken demand at least through next year and I think carrying on because – and a good reason for that is as the millennials enter the marketplace, they over-index to chicken. And so, we think you're going to see good strong chicken growth and we also think you're going to see that beef halo continue; all that sets up very well for our business.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. Well, let me quantify that this way. The pork cutout is down about 40% versus a year ago and the items within the cutout that are showing the most weakness are the further processing items. So, if you look at those hams, bellies, trim, those are the items that have shown the most weakness. And certainly, that's favorable for our Prepared Foods business. So, hopefully, that gives you enough color around – now, one thing to add, we do over-index a little bit versus our competitors on beef because – our hotdog business and others, a couple of other businesses in our portfolio. But still, this weakness in the pork cutout, particularly among the grinding meat, is very favorable for our business.
Donald J. Smith: Sure. It's not in buying raw materials or moving raw materials within the portfolio, because none of that is factored in. The big improvements are this: as we've been able to combine the footprint – if you'll think back, we had a lot of latent capacity in the Tyson Prepared Foods footprint, and when we bought Hillshire we had a perfect opportunity to then take all of that latent capacity out of the system and run more volume – by the way, more branded not private label volume, through a smaller footprint and lower our cost structure. There're still some opportunities now to go through those facilities and increase efficiencies. Remember, some of them are running new products they've not run before, so we'll see incremental benefits as we continue to work on continuous improvement and operational efficiencies in those plants. And that will re-rate our cost structure, and then that lower cost structure, obviously, will be selling a lot more branded items than it was before, which is the big move in the Prepared Foods' normalized range from where we were up into that 10% to 12% range.
Donald J. Smith: So, overall, very well. The sandwich items probably didn't have the pull that we wanted them to. So, what we're doing is focusing that launch on the – there was a 16-item launch that might have been a little much, so we're concentrating that launch down to those items that are going to give us the best growth opportunities forward. The bowls – if you remember, we had sandwiches and we had bowls, the bowls are doing great. We still think, by the way, that that will be one of the best launches of the year. So, we feel good about it. It's not exactly like what we thought it would be, but still, we've been able to manage it to a point it's going to do very well. And we're very optimistic about the platform launches that we have. By the way, back to the Hillshire platform, both the Naturals and the Classics are going very, very well, driving great incremental growth to the categories. We feel super about all of the innovation that we've launched and then what we will be launching in new categories in Q4.
Donald J. Smith: I can tell you that both the legacy Prepared Foods business and let's call it the legacy Hillshire business, just for clarity, both were over plan on both volume and on operating income. So, we feel very good about how the Prepared Foods business is performing.
Donald J. Smith: Sure. It's been exciting to see both of the R&D teams come together combined with all of the innovation and business unit/teams come together and find a lot of opportunities between foodservice and retail to be able to grow our business through innovation. One of the primary tools that we use to measure whether or not we've got enough innovation in the pipeline is what we call a vitality index. What we do is we look at products that were created over the last three years and we determine our percentage of revenue that comes from these new products. So for 2015, we're expecting retail to be at about 14% vitality index. And, by the way, that's in the best in class range. And for food service, we're currently expecting more than 20%. So, these are very aggressive goals but we have a great team that continues to focus on looking at insights and create innovative solutions to fill the consumer gap so that we're always relevant. We know we're in relevant categories. In this way we know we've got relevant innovation inside those categories.
Donald J. Smith: Okay, Akshay. So, we're certainly working very hard not to be cyclical. That's our whole path forward. So, if you look at our business and you look at, over the last two or three years, our improvement in our sales mix – by the way, even with the operational issues we had in our fully cooked retail chicken business, our branded chicken business, we're back to within a share point or two of where we were before that happened, so that the Tyson brand at retail is very meaningful, is very resilient, and we think it's got lots of opportunities to continue to grow. We've got a great, broad portfolio. We've got a great innovation pipeline, and by the way, new and improved innovative capability for the future. We've seen a lot of operational improvements. We've got plenty of cash flow to do whatever CapEx we need to do as illustrated by taking a South Georgia plant, and taking it from an unprofitable product mix into one of our most profitable categories, our fresh tray pack business. So, those are all – those are some of the things that we're doing to decrease our cyclicality to give our investors a consistent, stable earnings growth over time. And, yes, we do believe we can see 10% growth.
Donald J. Smith: We spend all of our time, Akshay, focusing on what we're going to do. And if you'll remember, we put a forward demand picture out 12 months to 15 months. And then we built a production plan based on that demand curve so that we know how we can manage our business and our production. That keeps us in a position to buy versus grow. So, in a period of increased industry supply, then we'll simply buy that raw material, add value to it, and as long as we're focusing on the customer and growing our value-added sales, we've got a great footprint to do that within. By the way, we have plenty of value-added capacity over the next year too. So, we're very comfortable that in the scenarios that we can paint forward, we've got a great outlook.
Donald J. Smith: So, if I understood the question right on the front-end, we think we've got the opportunity depending on the part that we're buying. To buy up to as much as 10% of our sales, so – or the product that would go into our sales. So, we feel very good about the flexibility that we have within our network to manage buy versus grow. If you remember a couple of quarters ago, I think, Dennis, when we raised our normalized range in chicken...
Donald J. Smith: ...and certainly we've had great favorability in the marketplace for this year, it's certainly our intention to continue raising our margin expectations. And with the work we've done, to balance our portfolio across the various bird classes, increasing our value-added sales, right-sizing our small bird business. We under-indexed big bird, but that's fine for us because there's a lot of that product available on the marketplace to buy. We have great Tyson brands. We're number one at frozen retail, number one in frozen snack and chicken, we're number one in fresh tray pack, number in IQF, number one in Cornish. So, we've got a great brand presence in categories that are very meaningful to consumers. So, that gives us the confidence to be able to look at our business forward and feel very good about our ability to deliver.
Donald J. Smith: So, if I look at the impact of our Dakota City start-up to the rest of – well, to our Q2 results, let's see, if I think about our index, it may have been about, I don't know, 40% to 45% of the change in how our index performed versus where we had been performing in the previous couple of quarters. And remember, in that quarter, cattle supplies were very, very tight, so that – well, we had a huge capital investment. We needed to start the plan-up. So, we did it. But we started to plan up in the quarter when we probably had the lowest cattle supply, so that didn't help matters any. But the good news is the plant started up fine. We're working through the start-up issues on Q3, and it will help give us access to bigger cattle, which was what the whole process was all about. So, yes, that had an impact. As we look forward, we think it's very important that we have a presence in the whole broad array of meat protein and as you know in our portfolio, some non-protein items that are very complementary to protein. So, yeah, you should expect us to continue to have that in the portfolio.
Donald J. Smith: For that part, I'm sorry. For that part. So, if it's breast meat, we can buy about 10% of the breast meat that we sell and run it through our plants.
Donald J. Smith: Sure. For the year, our production this year versus last will be flat. We've been up a little bit in the front half of the year. And after July 4, our production will be declining versus year-over-year. So, for the total fiscal year, our production volume will be flat, which, by the way, to your point, does reduce risk of export vulnerability and that type of thing. Of course, let me hasten on to add, because I don't think I've mentioned this before, and I think it's really important. Over the last three years, we've reduced the amount of export leg quarters we sell every bit of 30%. And if you go back to probably fiscal 2010, sometime in right 2009, fiscal 2010 we're probably down in half. So, we feel very good about – and these are the things that we're doing to provide a more consistent, stable return that grows over time. And so, we feel very good about our ability to maintain production flexibility and to improve our mix.
Donald J. Smith: I think – hey, I think our production will be basically flat in 2016. We think we'll be buying more raw material in 2016 than we do this year. And by the way, we're up 50% this year over last year. We think our sales volume will be up. I think I mentioned earlier about 1% or 2%. Our dollar sales will be up a little bit higher than that. But feel very comfortable that we can buy the raw material we need and add value to it – sorry, add value to it and be able to maintain our margin structure.
Donald J. Smith: Great question, Diane. But remember, it's important for us to maintain an investment-grade rating. And so, what we're trying to do is get down below a net-to-debt-to-EBITDA of about 2 times, and we think kind of the sweet spot for us would be in that 1.5 times to 2 times area. So, when we get there, then, drawing off $1 billion and growing in free cash flow, that opens up the door for returning cash to shareholders in the absence of major growth opportunities. Now, I would hurry on to say that growing is, first and foremost, most important to us. But that being said, certainly we can start buying back stock at that time. I would see that as an opportunity at the start of 2016, which should be a good time to get started at the rate we're running.
Donald J. Smith: So, what we did is we just looked at our incremental improvement over the last four or five years in relative benchmarking services. The real point I think looking forward is we feel great about where our business is. Yes, we benchmark ourselves consistently, but for next year, we think we'll be at or above the upper end of our range, and our guys are running a great chicken business.
Donald J. Smith: Typically, and I'm emphasizing typically, 60 days, probably more likely 90 days. And so, for us Arkansas has been hit a little bit more than the other states because of our production footprint. And we saw a AI event in Arkansas early in the first week of March. But as we continue – those countries that banned the United States and not on a state-by-state basis, as you continue to see AI accessions in turkey and table egg flocks in the northern Midwest, you can pretty well figure a timeline no sooner than 60 days to 90 days out front before the ban will be lifted.
Donald J. Smith: David, it really won't have a margin impact. Our view is that by eliminating non – by eliminating the human-used antibiotics out of our poultry production by September of 2017, that is the most reasonable and responsible approach to balancing a global health concern about antibiotic resistance with our core value of taking care of the welfare of the animals that are entrusted to us. So, that was the impetus about what we're doing. It wasn't necessarily in reaction to anything any customers were doing. It was a matter of, we've been working on this effort for several years. We've reduced human-used antibiotics in our supply chain by over 80% in the last four years. And we now think we can see a point in the future, a couple of years from now, when we can not have to use human-used antibiotics in the poultry production. But I don't think – but back to the original point, it will not have a material impact on our cost.
Donald J. Smith: So, certainly that would be a favorable development. As we look forward, we think protein demand globally is going to continue to grow at about 2% year, maybe just a tad under that. We think chicken probably outpaces the other proteins just because it's the most efficient converter of feed into meat. That could be a headwind – so, there's still time for that dynamic to change so it's a little bit too early for us to call it, but certainly that being the case, that would be helpful to the back half of our 2016 year.
Donald J. Smith: It's really too soon to say, Tim. We've got lots of contacts in what I will call animal pharma that we work with and it's just too early to say whether or not we'll have an effective vaccine.
Donald J. Smith: Yeah. I really think it is. As we look across the globe, you've got economies in some of the key growth areas that have slowed down maybe more than we hear about. And so I think that demand growth is temporary, as we continue to look, and we've spent a lot of time over the last several months looking at population growth, income growth, those regions of the countries where that will happen, how much of the growth in food consumption, and how much of the growth in value-added food consumption is going to happen outside of the U.S., and it is significant over the next several years. So, yeah, I think maybe near-term, we've seen a little unexpected softness. But I think as we look out about three or four or five years from now, we'll look back on this time as a small dip in a period of time where we still saw about 2% consumption growth in protein worldwide.
Donald J. Smith: We think that, of course, 50s have been pretty soft, but 90s have remained very, very high. So, we think as we – and it seems to us that the cutout is shifting a bit, and you've seen 50s prices firm back up. So, as we look at that, what we think that's going to do is drive incremental growth particularly at QSR in chicken. We also are seeing, fortunately, and because the QSR Mexican category is growing the most – so, QSR Chicken's probably up 8%, QSR Mexican is up 11%. And QSR Mexican favors our portfolio in a couple of ways. It uses dark meat, and it also is a pretty heavy user of protease, so that's good for our business, too. So, as we look at the trend going through the summer, we feel very good about it being favorable to our business.
Donald J. Smith: So, before we go, I'd like to say again that we are building momentum at Prepared Foods. We're capturing synergies, and we're transitioning to a less volatile, higher-return business that gives us the confidence that we'll achieve our annual guidance of $3.30 to $3.40 adjusted EPS this year and at least 10% EPS growth next year. Thanks for your time today and have a great week.
