Stewart Glendinning: Ben, good morning, Stewart here. Look, we're trying to drive for as much of it as possible to the bottom line, but keep in mind that our assumptions around what's going to drop to the bottom line are already embedded in the guidance that we've given you by segment, but that's the short story.
Stewart Glendinning: Okay. Right. Let me unpack that a little bit -- yes. Look, we're super pleased with the way the year has worked out. This is really a diverse portfolio that's delivered a great result and that's driven the increase in cash. So sitting at 1.2 times leverage, we've got $1 billion of debt that will come through this year. We're planning to pay that down. We also, as you called out, are going to have a much larger expenditure on CapEx, which is going to be great for our investors. And as our business grows, that's going to consume some more working capital -- regular working capital. In addition to that, we've got a number of one-off payments that we expect to pay out this year, which are pretty meaningful. And to characterize that as around a billion dollars of deferred taxes related to the CARES Act, taxes that are owed on the sale of the pet business, as well as some payout of the litigation accruals that you've seen in our books.
Stewart Glendinning: To M&A, maybe the last question on an M&A versus buyback. Look, it's a normal course. We don't comment on any specific M&A, but we've shared the levers in our business. We have successfully pulled all those levers over the last number of years, and I think that's been a good effect. We don't imagine that we're going to change that this year.
Stewart Glendinning: Sure, Donnie. Adam, just a couple of points to make here. So first of all, we had a question early on about the savings. That's the $300 to $400 million that's coming through as a benefit in the year. We shared with you that obviously volume is increasing, so you're going to see some increase from volume. And of course, we're continuing to pass through price and have the benefit of some mix. When you look at the top-line of the business, though, keep in mind and actually look at the costs, keep in mind the guidance around Beef, which is lower than last year, right? And for Beef, you should expect to see both crowd-out ball and you should expect to see the cattle cost increase and that's going to be part of it. A couple of other things to keep in mind, there are ingredient costs that are outside of grains. Things like cooking oils, you've seen the price of oils have increased. Distribution is up. And we've had 13 strong quarters of share gain in our Prepared Foods business. And that business will likely invest money behind our brands this year to make sure that kind of momentum continues. So that probably will run through the big guidance.
Stewart Glendinning: Yeah, it's complicated in our business costs because you've got all the commodity, meat inputs, so you either pull those off, but I don't know that I've got a great number to put to you to get that. What I would go back to is your starting point, which is -- that you -- we hope that this drops. Our initial -- not-a-hook strategy, actually. We have a very strong game plan, here to drive these costs to the bottom line. And they're part of our equation for next year. And you'll see that and that's part of our guidance. The shape of next year looks good. Prepared Foods and Chicken, both showing improvement, strong improvement from the fourth quarter. Beef still expecting a very strong year despite lower numbers than we had this year. So I think the shape of things looks good. Those savings are embedded in the forecast that I've given.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken, just a couple of things. So first of all, we're targeting double-digit returns, and let us shape via the guidance as we move forward, so you get the timing of that right; but, I mean, we have strong returns here. In terms of the algorithm, it's going to do 2 things for us: first of all, it's bringing some of the savings, we're talking about in $300 to $400 million. It is providing a better and safer workplace for our team members. And let's not forget that there's going to be considerable expansion of capacity here, particularly in the international business on a percentage basis, so that is going to procure that future growth. We feel great about it, the numbers are big; but 1 thing about internal CapEx, you know exactly where you're putting the money. You know exactly what you're getting for.
Donnie King: Let me take that, Stewart, and good morning. Labor has been very challenging throughout the year, but as we've mentioned in the script earlier, we're seeing a light at the end of this tunnel. We're seeing our ability to get plant staffed, -- I think from a poultry perspective. For example, we're almost fully staffed since November 1, we've made great progress across Prepared Foods and our beef and pork businesses, so we're gaining on that post the close of our vaccine mandate. So we're very optimistic about '22. But in addition to having a labor shortfall, which is constrained capacity, we've also had just capacity shortfall in some key categories. For example, ready-to-eat products that would be for the more value-added poultry and also for Prepared Foods. And again, we're just now bringing on 2 new case-ready beef and pork plants to enable us to have more capacity in there in a startup mode. So yes, labor has been a challenge. We're seeing progress. We're very excited about '22 from that perspective. We believe we've got the worst behind us and we're looking forward to that, but we're also -- we got 12 new plants going or under construction to deliver more capacity, and we have strong demand for that. And so, we look forward to what that will deliver for us not only this year, but also in the coming years.
Donnie King: Hi, Ben. I'll make a couple of comments and I'll pass that onto our expert, Noelle O'mara, who leads our Prepared Foods businesses. And so it's -- you'd characterize much of it. We're trying to absorb the rapid inflation, predominantly in pork products and meat. And as we go with this branded portfolio that we have to the marketplace, it's no different than any other CPHE (ph) Company has dealt with. You're trying to balance share and price, and it takes a little bit of time, unlike the commodity portion of our business, say beef and pork, and takes a little more time to get that executed. We're looking for ways, always looking for ways to try to expedite that process but it takes a bit to be able to get customers aligned, to be able to get promotional and those activities aligned. But let me stop with that and I'll toss it over to Noelle to add some color as well.
Donnie King: Well, let me start. Peter was saying, it applies to all segments and the first part of the program has to do with operational and functional excellence. And quite frankly, that is really doing our jobs better, taking out ways to removing bureaucracy. And that's primarily targeted against our finance, human resources, and procurement groups; is executing at a much higher level. There's another component that is digital solutions and that's about $250 million in recurring savings. That's more on the operational side, that supply chain planning, logistics, and warehousing, so you can think of that in that bucket, and that's across all businesses. In fact, the first 2 are across all businesses. And then third, automation, leveraging robotics and technology and we're spending a significant portion of the $2 billion in capital that we're spending. A disproportionate amount of that is going against capacity expansion in these 12 plants that we talked about over the next 3 years. But, in addition to that, it's to put automation and technology and to eliminate difficult, higher turnover jobs. Take, for example, debone automation, whether it be for the white meat or dark meat. Think about in terms of material handling and you would see more of that in our Prepared Foods group. And then you've got -- if we think about outside the U.S. then we just have a -- I'd say a plethora of automation and technology, and a digital footprint as we build those plants up outside of the U.S.
Donnie King: Great question. Let me -- I'll start out and then give you some very top-line stuff and I'll flip it over to David Bray who leads our Poultry group. Think of this in terms of the 5 % to 7 % being a waypoint and we've communicated that we think by the middle part of '22 that that's where we will be. That's not the goal, that's the waypoint, and we backed into that. But if you think about those building blocks that are necessary to get there and beyond, it's really starting with volume. And we've talked a lot about the hatch issue that we've had in the male and as we move into '22, we're already seeing great results. Remember this male that we put in is not new to the world, it's 1 we've used and delivered great results for years, so we have a great deal of confidence in that. But it's also efficiency, it's about running a plant at capacity and not having to go to the outside to buy as much boneless or skinless breast meat as we have in '21. And then labor, I mean, I mentioned earlier that we're back to near complete staffing and we're seeing some really, really good result from that. And our team is excited in terms of just the efficiency and improvement we've seen since completing our vaccine mandate on November 1st. But this comes down to execution story and volume is absolutely critical to getting us to the waypoint of 5 to 7, but also in terms of taking us into the future. And with that, let me flip it over to David. He may add a little more color to that.
Donnie King: Thank you for the question. I would tell you that as we stated, we have to win with team members. We have to be the most sought after place to work, and we've done a number of things already to try to do that. It's the recognition that the workforce today, they have many options and there are a few people chasing the number of jobs that are actually out there. And so as we've talked internally, we're not trying to talk the labor problem for America, we're trying to solve it for Tyson Foods. And we want to give people an option. We want to give them a better option. And we think the key to the staffing plants, but more importantly, being able to serve it's customers and execute at high-level, absolutely starts with people. So the $24 an hour includes a number of things, but it's the benefits that go with that. We've had to enhance a number of those things, do things like scheduling different. Differences meaning multiple shifts or being very creative at each location. Childcare is a component of that. We've experimented with on-site health clinic, is another we've experimented with but we're trying to be creative and trying to make sure that we're positioned well, to have a place people want to come to work. And we see that as being critical to our future success. And so that's what we're doing, $24 an hour. I will tell you that's maybe leading in the marketplace, but it's also a competitive wage, and so we want to be on the lean side of that. And so that is our intent, that's how you can think about it as we think about labor going forward. We see that as the cost of inflation and the cost of labor going forward.
Donnie King: Sure. I would tell you that in all my years of being in this business, there are always rifts that come up. The one thing I am certain of is as we get into '22, we will -- there's going to be something happen, we hadn't anticipated. If you go back to this time a year ago, we thought we had a pretty solid plan around in poultry around grain pricing, or pricing relative to grain. And then we saw a tremendous increase in the cost of grain and we were sitting with a fixed pricing on so much. So, those type of things happen, but I can tell you and why we're excited, is that we've adjusted our pricing model. And so that we the derisk it, not only for us, but also for our customers. So that when there is inflation, then we are in a position. We can adjust pricing with those customers and our relationships with them are really second to none and these have been really good conversations. It's been a win-win approach in these conversations and we're proud of that. And it starts with that relationship with the customer. So we've moved and derisked our model relative to pricing and inflation and that, we believe, puts us in a better position. In terms of the labor, I don't know how to anticipate a new COVID variant or something that the vaccine might not protect against, but I can tell you that we took a bold action to do everything we knew to do to protect team members, and we saw it as an investment and a derisking of our business just by having a vaccinated workforce. And so we believe that's 1 less thing we'll have to deal with this year. That's 1 less thing we're seeing in terms of complexity to our business.
Donnie King: Stewart, if I may answer or add one more thing to that. These -- every one of these savings that we've talked about over the next 3 years, we have a program management office, and we track that to the bottom line. We have built that into our '22 plan and if you look at the out years of '23 and '24, we've also built that into operating income. We did not count it unless we could show it hitting the operating income line of the business. This is -- we did -- we've done our work here to make sure this was not a sleight of hand, but a true delivering of results. And more importantly, delivering of a much, much better process all the way around.
Donnie King: I think it -- Ken, thanks. I think it's probably more of a point in time. My comment was, as of today, we have our pricing at a point where it covers the cost of inflation. We've also had, during the most recent quarter, we've had issues with the labor availability and inefficiencies associated with that but we're now staffed. I've mentioned that in terms of a go-forward position. We will be fully staffed and, again, I'm speaking of Chicken here, but we will be fully staffed, we'll be far more efficient. David and his team are laser focused on the executional excellence in the business, and we're seeing great progress in there. And Noelle and her team have prepared to doing exactly the same thing. So we're optimistic going forward. We believe the worst is behind us and we're excited about what we're seeing in our Q1 and what we'll see for the year. It's very much in line with what we project.
Donnie King: It's fair and largely accurate. Of the all thing I would add about that is in some of the more branded part of the portfolio, there's typically a lag between inflation and it's point we're able to get pricing, and we're looking constantly at ways to try to shorten that cycle with our customers. So think of that as being the differentiator there. But I would tell you much of what we have to do and the way we structured our model, executional excellence, and our call that out specifically in the script, it will be a top of mind to all of us across all businesses and functions at Tyson.
Donnie King: I will start with that. And Stewart may want to add something to it, but the spend that we have, the return on that invested capital, we certainly understand that we've had a few issues in delivering that over the past; but I will tell you that return on invested capital is a part of the entire leadership team's scorecard. So we're approving those dollars as spend against a demand that is known and a return that is that is known. And so we feel very confident about the returns on those businesses and we're not concerned about the fact that we're going to get a really, really good return on that investment. In fact, we think it, versus other options, is a much better return; but it's still ours to ultimately still have to execute.
Donnie King: Thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking again soon and hope to hear from you at our Investor Day on December 9th. Have a great day.
