Donnie Smith: Thanks, Ruth Ann. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for our second quarter call. In our press release this morning, you saw that we reported $0.42 a share, which is the same as we reported in the second quarter last year. Sales were $8 billion, which is a record, and over $1 billion more than the second quarter of 2010.  Our overall operating margin was 3.8%. As expected, all segments, with the exception of Chicken, we're in or above their normalized ranges. Chicken [indiscernible]. We believe it will continue to be profitable in both the third and fourth quarters. Grain hedges were a factor in Chicken's profitability but not the only factor. We continued to work on operational efficiencies, which played a big role. Jim will go into more detail about that and our efforts to increase revenue in Chicken in a moment during his comments on our segment performance. In terms of domestic demand, we usually see some fall off at the beginning of Lent, but we didn't see that this year. And on the other hand, we typically get an uptick after Easter, but demand has been slow, probably due to the bad weather experienced in much of the country. The slow economic recovery is still a factor as well. After a fairly steady increases, consumer confidence dropped in March. Rising gas and food prices continued to reduce disposable income. According to Nielsen, consumers are likely to remain conservative and hold on to many of the behaviors they adopted during in the early stages of the recession, including eating out less, value-conscious shopping and increased use of coupons. One difference we're seeing is that consumers are now making more frequent, smaller retail trips to help manage cash flow. Retail beef and pork prices are very strong and, eventually, this should support chicken prices. Our chicken prices mostly increased to cover this unprecedented grain costs increases. We are seeing more future activity in chicken this summer in both retail and food service. And chicken is still a more affordable option for people trying to feed their families in tough economic times. In our November call, we predicted foodservice sales would be flat to up 1% and volume might be up around 1%. Now based on the industry data we studied, we predict foodservice sales to increase slightly from our earlier projection in dollar sales, driven primarily by menu price inflation, but volume growth to be flat. The menu mix is shifting towards value and some operators are compensating for higher prices with special deals. So in general, I was cautiously optimistic about our brighter outlook for the foodservice sector based on earlier unemployment figures, but as gas prices continue to rise, my optimism is waning. And I believe we can expect to see an impact on traffic at both QSR and casual dining. Our international startups are making steady progress. In China and India, we continue to improve our live and processing operations. We're also getting the management teams in place that can drive long-term volume and earnings growth in both those countries. In Brazil, we're upgrading our product mix while focusing on yields and labor cost management. This mix upgrade will allow for more profitable exports, as well as growth with major domestic retailers. Our long-standing Mexico business is driving value-added growth through new product innovation and a commitment to quality. Switching gears a bit, I'd like to say a few words about the devastating storms experienced in Alabama less than 2 weeks ago. Our hearts go out to the victims and they've been in my prayers. Tyson Foods was very fortunate considering the destruction in the area. Two of our plants in Northern Alabama were not damaged, although both lost electricity for a while. Now while some of our growers lost a few houses and others experienced varying levels of damage, in total, we lost less than 200,000 birds, which is a small fraction of our company's average placements of around 40 million birds a week. Now looking forward to the rest of the fiscal year, there is concern about crop plantings and what that might do to grain prices. We're also concerned that if $4 or even $5 gas prices linger, it could have an impact on consumer spending. We're feeling increased pressure from these market dynamics. It'll be challenging, but our business is in good shape and we still think 2011 EPS will be at or above $2 or close to our GAAP number last year.  That concludes my opening remarks. I'll now turn it over to Jim for a review of our segment results, followed by Dennis with the financial report.
Donnie Smith: Christine, first of all, our inventory is at or actually slightly below what our target was at the time, so we feel very good about that position. And yes, our production plans are in place. Let me hasten on to add, it's important for us that we keep this supply-and-demand balance in check. And so far, so good with our plans and we continue forward.
Donnie Smith: Let me just add a little bit here, Ken. First of all, we have a multi-protein model. We are in all 3 proteins, plus our Prepared Foods model. We also go to market in multiple channels. Multinational, although our international business is by and large our startups. That paints a picture, I think, for us in the future. We've got a very diverse business model within each of the proteins, and those multiple business models all have a commodity and/or a value-added component. No competitor has our product diversification. We've got unparalleled resources, our team and our Discovery Center and those type things, to create value for our customers through product innovation. We've had a great cash flows in the last 24 months and that's allowed us to dramatically strengthen our balance sheet. Dennis talked about our debt reduction, our liquidity, our capital structure, our return on invested capital, and it gives us the ability to invest in our future productive capability. We've done a great job of keeping our inventories in check. We've got -- we had a lot on hand in Q1, but we corrected that in Q2 like we said we would. And yes, we've got our team focused on the drivers of our business. We've done a great job in terms of our operational efficiencies and cost competitiveness. So you add all that up, I think that paints a picture of a completely different company than what we were 2 or 3 years ago.
Donnie Smith: Okay, yes. Farha, it was a bit soft coming out of Easter, but let me hasten on to add, if you go back in the last quarter and what we've said this quarter, we've not ever painted a very rosy picture of demand for the year, especially as it relates to our performance. So with high gas prices -- and, frankly, I got a little bit encouraged by the drop in unemployment. Of course, it popped back up to 9%. And if you look at that environment, I don't think you should paint a very rosy picture about demand going forward. So had a couple of soft weeks. Probably weather had a lot to do with that: rains going through, cool, wet spring. We dealt with that in the last 30 days, particularly. I'm going to let Jim cover the slaughter response to that on beef and pork.
Donnie Smith: Okay. We've said that our number for the year would probably be up in the low-single digits. We still think that's probably where we'll end up. We got a little over-revved in Q1. We've corrected that back into Q2. Our focus now is on driving revenue to be able to cover these very expensive input costs. And hey, I tell you, if we're successful in our plan as it stands now, we'll be in good shape holding into that low-single-digit number. If, as we drive revenue, it calls for a different production number, hey, we'll adjust that. Our goal has been to always balance supply and demand. And if an increase in revenue causes a demand shift, we'll adjust our supply accordingly. But currently, we've got several levers to pull to increase our revenue and I don't see the necessity.
Donnie Smith: And on the demand question, I think we'll answer: the Memorial Day, I believe we will see some pretty good featuring of chicken, although bonus loins in pork and the middle meats in beef are probably going to feel some feature activity as well. I do think, though, as we move out on into the summer, feature activity in chicken, both at retail and foodservice, should improve. It's going to be a great value for the consumer. The back half of the bird today is driving revenue growth at the retail level and, obviously, breast meat prices are quite a bargain. So we think you will see fairly strong retail and foodservice featuring into the summer.
Donnie Smith: What we've said before is that we thought we would get a couple of hundred million dollars in operational efficiencies and, yes, we are on target to get that. In the beginning of the fiscal year, we also said that we would be driving towards about that same amount a month -- about that same amount in revenue increases. With the market prices, that's been a bit more of a struggle, but we are being able to see some improvement today. And so I think you can count on our ability to deliver positive quarters in Chicken, both in 3 and 4. There are raw material prices that are up against those operational efficiencies but, fortunately, our team is focused on getting those, which is helping us to combat these high raw materials.
Donnie Smith: Yes, it's certainly back half loaded, Lindsay. And on your first question, we have a great commodity team and they're always looking for alternative ingredients. Now in most livestock dives, corn and, frankly, corn substitutes whether it be wheat, DDGs, whatever that might that be, are primarily the energy source for the diet. And our guys are always looking at the corn-wheat ratios, at grain sorghum, for example -- lots of things that we can do to help mitigate our costs. We're very experienced in doing that. We've been doing that for years and I'm confident that if there's an alternative out there, our team is on it. They're researching it and they know how it will affect our performance.
Donnie Smith: Sure. Tim, obviously, we think one of the predominant factors in determining pricing is domestic protein availability. With very strong exports in beef and pork and strong exports in chicken as well, we see that domestic availability for the 2011 year should be about flat, down slightly maybe. And then on the other side, the impact in Alabama, I'm not completely sure -- as I mentioned in the earlier part, we didn't sustain very much damage at all, thank God, in our businesses in Alabama. But it looks like, to us, industry-wise, there will be some production decline because of that. I don't sense that the impact is going to be tremendous. So I would say a stronger impact on pricing will come from continued strong exports than from the production disruption from the Alabama storms and -- well, the storms that swept through that area: North Georgia, Tennessee and Alabama.
Donnie Smith: In terms of participating, yes, but I'll be honest with you -- well, in Beef and Pork, but if you look at our Chicken business, honestly, we are looking at shifting more of our production away from the export markets into domestic consumption. As you well know, the predominant cuts out of the U.S. in chicken going into export are the back half of the bird, and we see an opportunity, in a pretty tough economic decline -- climate, to revenue up by moving more dark meat domestically and that's our focus.
Donnie Smith: Okay, Robert, I'm not going to speak to the industry and that type of thing. I will talk about our business and so let me talk a little bit about what happens to Tyson and let's say our hedges roll off. Our price-risk management activities are important and we have a great team that manages that, but hedging is not the ultimate solution. What we're focused on is passing along higher prices because we really got no choice. Revenue is the solution to our business, so if you look forward into our 2012, we don't see any basic changes in the fundamentals of the Beef and Pork segments from what we see today. And, well, as we look forward into the Chicken segment, when we get the revenue increases that we need to cover these costs, that should carry on over into 2012. So that's our view as we move forward. We will continue to monitor our inventories and we will continue to balance supply and demand. And as I said earlier, in our focus on revenue, if that changes the demand picture out front, our suppliers will adjust accordingly. But we don't see the need to do that today.
Donnie Smith: First of all, we don't have a very large percentage of our business that is in fixed-price annual agreements. We have some, but not much, and we talked about this in previous quarters. We try to mitigate some risk to our business by decreasing the amount of that. So our business will respond favorably to the seasonal increases in market prices that normally happen about this time of the year. As we move into the fall, the protein domestic availability, even with an increase in production in chicken of, say -- I think USDA's got it at about 1% in the quarter or 1.5%, or something like that. Even with that, the domestic availability of protein in the U.S. is going to be at or slightly below where it was a year ago, and we think going into the fall, that will be a fairly good environment for us. But now a lot of our pricing is based on the value that we deliver to our customers. And so we've got great quality, we've got great service, we've got great innovative capability, and we've got the ability to get paid for that. So that's our focus, is on driving value to our business, to our business partners, to our customers, and getting paid for the value that we supply.
Donnie Smith: Akshay, let me -- I'm going to add just a touch. And here's the thing that I think we might be missing. We have been beating, we are beating and we believe we will continue to beat the market spreads as you would see them today. I mean, we've yet to have a negative week in beef in the fiscal quarter. We are operating above what -- if you just looked at the cutout, we're operating above that and we believe we're going to be able to continue to do so.
Donnie Smith: It's going to be very tough for us to have a 5% or better operating income for this fiscal year. We've got a wall of costs coming at us. We've talked about grain prices, $500 million. Plus, you've got a lot of other raw inputs that we deal with. Freight, all of those things that increased costs: fuel costs, utilities costs, et cetera, healthcare costs, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So it's going to be tough this year. But -- now looking forward, our goal this year is to be able to get revenue in place that will carry next year into a position to where we could get back up into our normalized range. So our goal this year, obviously -- we're going to continue to improve on operating efficiencies and we see -- we're on track and we see more runway. So our cost structure, non-, call it, grain- or input-related, will be lower in '12 than it is. Now remember, we're also spending fairly heavily on our Chicken business to continue to improve our cost structure and our productive capability as we move forward. So in the back half of the year, our focus is on increasing revenue, so that we can get paid for this high cost structure, this market-input-related cost structure that's affecting our business. So when you combine low -- better operating efficiencies and a lower overall cost structure with the ability to get paid for the inputs, then we view going forward our ability to get Chicken back into its normalized range.
Donnie Smith: What I'm -- I am talking about our business and I don't believe -- number one, I'm not going to speak for the industry. I'm talking about what we have to do to drive our business performance. I don't want to leave the impression that we're victims to raw material or inputs. Our job is to get paid for what we do. And we provide a great deal of value and I went through a laundry list of things earlier, of things that separate us from our competitors in the industry, and our job is to get paid for that. And that's what we're focused on.
Donnie Smith: First of all, I'm not -- Easter was historically very late, okay? And I'm not going to overreact to a couple of soft weeks. This is a long year. The fundamentals of our business are in place. So we have not had -- in any of the expectations about 2011, we've not had a very rosy picture of what economic climate we were going to be flying into. So the climate that we're operating in is the climate we expected to be operating in. Despite that, we still feel like we're going to be, as I said, at or around the $2 mark. Now before, we said GAAP and maybe the adjusted number, and I feel comfortable at $2 maybe GAAP. So yes, slight adjustment down, but I don't think anything dramatically. And, hey, this is going to be a very good year for Tyson Foods. And the climate that we're operating in -- I think it's important to note, the climate that we are operating in is the climate we expected to be operating in, and that we built our plans to be operating in. So we're on plan and we believe we're going to deliver.
Donnie Smith: Yes, ma'am.  Well, I hope you can tell from our answers to your questions, we feel good about where we are as a company. During challenging times in the past, I think we would've looked at this as weathering the storm. We don't think that way anymore. We're in a strong position. We've improved as a company. We see plenty of opportunities to become even better. I think we can compete favorably with our -- or compare favorably with our competition, Tyson's in all 3 proteins, plus Prepared Foods. We have a diverse business models within each of those proteins. We have commodity and value added. No competitor has our product diversification and the resources that we have to create value for our customers through innovation. Our chicken inventories are down to historical lows and we've got one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. And even with increased grain costs, we continue to invest in our business to improve our efficiency, our profitability and our productive capability. And most importantly, we did what we said we were going to do. The fundamentals are there. As long as we stay focused, there will be more good results in the future. I want to thank you for your interest in Tyson and hope everyone has a great day.
James Lochner: Thanks, Donnie. Pork continued to perform extremely well with a 10.5% return on sales and operating income of $146 million. Although down from the record set last quarter, it is a substantial improvement over a strong second quarter last year. Volume was up nearly 7% with average sales prices up 18% quarter-over-quarter. We do not anticipate a major change in the hog supply and there should be adequate supplies in the regions our plants are located. Pork segment returns should be above the normalized range in the second half of the year, although we don't expect results at the level of the first half. The Beef segment produced 2.8% return on sales and an operating income of $94 million. Although down from the previous quarter in Q2 last year, these are still very solid results and within the higher normalized range we set a year ago. Sales volume was down slightly while average price was up about 20% quarter-over-quarter. We expect a slight decline in fed cattle compared to last year. However, we should have adequate supplies in the regions we operate our plants. Barring any major market disruptions, beef exports should remain strong in the remainder of the fiscal year, contributing to lower domestic supplies and strong pricing. We have been anticipating some domestic demand destruction across the beef complex. However, this is potentially supportive of chicken pricing as more customers and consumers look for alternatives to higher-priced beef products. As expected, the Chicken segment struggled to overcome $82 million in higher grain costs for the quarter, but managed to maintain profitability with a 1.4% return on sales and $37 million in operating income. In the second quarter, we were successful in getting our inventories to near-historic lows. Our increased sales reflect higher pricing and sales from inventory but do not indicate an increase in production pounds. Over the past 2 years, our poultry business units have done an excellent job of improving our operations and taking costs out of the system to be an efficient provider to our customers. However, the opportunities for cost savings are not enough to fully offset escalating feed costs. Current projections for increased corn and soy costs are approaching $0.5 billion year-over-year. We have no choice but to pass along these costs to maintain profitability in the Chicken segment. Our Prepared Foods segment posted $31 million in operating income and 4% return on sales, which is at the low end of the normalized range. As a reminder, Prepared Foods includes numerous businesses such as bacon, lunchmeat, tortillas, pizza crust, pizza toppings, soups and side item. Some of these businesses continued to perform extremely well while others have room for improvement, and we are working on those. All, however, are dealing with higher raw material costs, which increased $59 million for the quarter. Many of our sales contracts in Prepared Foods have shorter terms or are formula-based, and we were able to offset rising costs through pricing. Tyson is facing challenging markets and rising inputs but, as I've said before, it's important to put this in context of global protein supply and demand fundamentals. U.S. per capita protein supplies are forecasted by many to decline slightly in calendar 2011 versus 2010. This would be the fourth year in a row it has declined, which is unprecedented. Export volumes continue to increase for a variety of reasons and imports continue to decline. There is demand for our products, a global economy willing to pay for them and supply is limited. This means our customers and consumers will continue to see increasing prices in general for protein products. In closing, I would like to congratulate our business unit managers and their teams. They have taken on these challenging conditions and continue to rise to the occasion, focusing on the details, being our customers' go-to supplier and managing costs. We appreciate their effort and success. And now we'll go to Dennis for the financial report.
James Lochner: Yes, the cutout did drop over the last 4 weeks, about 112%, predominantly driven by big a correction in the belly price. And even though seasonally hogs do tighten during this time frame, which they did and hog costs did come up, our margins held in there very well. We were very pleased with that. And I did really expect to see kind of a correction in the prices, as we've seen throughout, come in through this time frame. But in that pork cutout, it was predominately the bellies, so.
James Lochner: Both. The market had really overshot itself early, into that 150 zone, and then did correct back. So that was it.
James Lochner: Farha, let me try to answer your first question, but you said a decline in mark-to-market? Are you talking derivatives? Or what are you...
James Lochner: Yes, we did see a reduction in wholesale prices and they came through Lent very, very strong. If anything, I felt that they were extremely strong and probably overdone and I've already covered the major correction in pork, which bellies were a primary driver on that. But beef, what we saw was the cutout -- the blended cutout dropped very substantially in that 4, 5 week period. In fact, it dropped at almost $11.44 on the blended cutout per hundredweight carcass. And then live cattle followed it right down at about the same levels. So we saw about the same thing in pork, although the pork live didn't correct. It actually, again, seasonally comes up. But we did see demand shift, wholesale prices correct. Part of that was, I think, they were fairly high-priced coming into the spring and then we did see, with the weather, a combination of events, some weaker pulls across the board in that last week of April. And hopefully, this last weekend we'll probably see a reversal of that. And demand is always a precarious scenario on being oversupplied and undersupplied, which will drive our prices up or down depending upon the situation.
James Lochner: Well, we saw a correction 2 weeks ago in cattle and we're seeing seasonally in hogs, so. We always try to make sure we're looking forward on that demand picture and not making sure that we have our meat sold, and we don't oversupply it. So we really pay very close attention to what we think the forward pulls are going to be and keep ours in balance.
James Lochner: Not dramatically, no. I would say that the bulk of that substitution's already occurred, DDG utilization is -- dried distiller grains utilization is probably optimized throughout. And then, as Donnie said, all livestock species are always looking for alternative feeds, build them into the feed ration and looking at positive impact on feed costs versus any potential negative impact on performance. And our livestock producers and chicken producers throughout the U.S. are very, very adept at utilizing a variety of different feed sources to keep the efficiency and cost of gains in line.
James Lochner: I would say that those -- the retail prices for beef and pork had been climbing -- inclining, rather. They were up about 11%, 12%. And yes, I'm guessing that the consumer did see a shift. Again, I think that's favorable over the long run to chicken prices. But, "The market will always do its job" is always the saying and when the consumer does see it as they pass -- as our customers pass along higher wholesale prices, the consumer does see it and there potentially are shifts. Now interestingly, chicken was the least -- up the least at 3% during that last 13-week period, and had the least influence negatively on pounds, which are off virtually flat or down slightly compared to the pound declines that we saw at retail in beef and pork. So the market is doing its job in passing on higher prices and the consumer adjusting accordingly, and you're seeing that in a variety of other food-based products as well, where you're seeing wheat-based and dairy-based products going up. So even with all these changes, again, as the wholesale prices did correct, we've been able to maintain a spread throughout this correction, and particularly those spread businesses in beef and pork.
James Lochner: And you're seeing it right, but that dynamic didn't surprise us. And only in the market, again, makes those adjustments. And I always got to emphasize, in beef and pork, and I already stated that the livestock costs did correct as the wholesale cuts did correct out.
James Lochner: Well, we look at trying to make money and EBITDA is not the metric we use. But we are extremely focused, as Donnie's already said, on driving revenue through a combination of mix and price and hitting all our yield parameters that we set targets for. So we fully recognize and get paid for the inflated input costs, that price is a mechanism as well, and one of the mechanisms on driving revenue. So we're targeted. And as we said, we think we'll be fine and make money in chicken on an EBIT basis, operating income basis in Q3 and Q4.
James Lochner: Year-ago period. No, again, we usually set up our whole planning process, looking at what we think we have available coming in supply with the producers that supply us, and staying sold. And really, it wasn't any intentions. They were up. "It wasn't clearing inventory," is the answer.
James Lochner: I didn't really mean to come across negative at all. I just said they wouldn't be as robust as they've been, because they've been up and very well above the normalized range. I think we'll be fine and actually above the normalized range, but not at that super-high level that we just came through Q2 with. We'll see some correction as we come into the Q3 period, which we normally do in May, June. You'd normally see a seasonal decrease in supply. And then I was concerned because bellies were so high-priced, on a wholesale basis, and anxiously watching to see what clearance. And we did see bellies correct $0.25 a pound from $1.50 to $1.25 at a very fast rate. And I'd kind of expected to see that. I was hoping, actually, that they didn't go up quite as fast because a fast up is always usually followed by a fast down, and that did drive some margin compression. But I'm certainly not negative at all on the second half. It's just not as strong as we've seen in the first half.
James Lochner: Well, let me quickly say that you're right. The cutout, on an aggregated basis, quarter-over-quarter same year, was up 24% -- or excuse me, 18%. Drop credit was up substantially, but live cattle costs were up 24%. And we had some margin compression compared to the prior Q2 of fiscal '10. So we did see that rapid run-up, but we saw live cattle follow it up very much at the same point in time. So we were still very much in the normalized range, saw some of that compression compared to that a year-ago quarter, and then we're seeing the markets adjust right now. As I stated earlier, even though the cutout came down in these last 4 weeks 11%, live cattle costs fell -- not percent, dollars per hundredweight -- our live cattle costs on a carcass-weight basis dropped actually at the same rate or slightly above that.
James Lochner: I would expect that we probably can work on improving that quite a bit as the fundamental sets up because I'm still very bullish on exports. We did see this correction and then we're coming in to bigger seasonal supplies which -- generally, historically, this May, June, July period is when packer margins generally expand. So we're in a situation where I'm very comfortable yet in beef.
James Lochner: Well, what you're missing is always the difficulty of taking aggregate data across a variety of regions and a variety of different cuts and trying to draw a quick conclusion. But as I said, even though the cutout dropped $11.44 in that last 4 weeks per hundredweight, cattle cost corrected $12 per hundredweight flat on the carcass. We maintained margins throughout this whole time frame. Again, our goal is always to beat the revenue on every individual cut. I know one thing: the market won't let us buy cattle appreciably cheaper than anybody else, so our margins hold in there on basically beating the revenue side, having a good mix portfolio, export portfolio, a combination of a real strong customer base. So it's a little difficult for you to just take the average USDA cutout numbers and look at that. They are what they are in a negotiated standpoint. But as I said, that relationship actually corrected in unison and it went up, actually, when I go back and cover the numbers I did earlier. Q2 '11 to Q2 '10, actually, you saw live cattle increase at a faster rate than the revenue. So we hold it in there and it is a spread game. Our goal, as I've said many, many times on this call, is to always beat the index on the revenue side and hold onto it, and then really just work constantly at being the low-cost, high-revenue player in the regions that we operate. So I mean, it's a business fundamental that we go after. I know that's fairly complicated, but that's the basic data that's out there.
James Lochner: The export demand out of Japan has remained very strong, so we've certainly seen no pullback. If anything, we continue to see strong interest up front.
James Lochner: The information I got from our team is that it's continued strong post-earthquake and there will continue to be a replenishment and continue to be consumption. And again, I always brings this back to, "The global supplies of protein, beef and pork are down, and we continue to see this very strong export demand which has been very supportive of all pricing." And when you really look at the Jan, Feb numbers in all 3 species, year-over-year, they're all extremely strong and I'm quite certain March will print that when they're final and April and out front. So the things we've been talking about on the domestic availability, supported by strong declining -- supported by strong exports, is certainly materializing themselves and, again, will be very supportive of pricing. That's one reason we're not that negative going forward. We're very positive for that real strong fundamental that exists.
Dennis Leatherby: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Donnie said earlier, we reported Q2 earnings of $0.42 per share, which is even with the same period one year ago. Return on invested capital for the last 12 months was a solid 24%, a measure we are proud of achieving and are striving to maintain consistently over time. Capital expenditures were $161 million for the quarter. This amount reflects numerous capital projects that will continue to enhance production and labor efficiencies, improve yields and sales mix. Our effective tax rate for Q2 was 34.9%. As a result of rising input costs from grains, live cattle and hogs, our operating cash flow for Q2 was negative $117 million. It's important to note, however, that we were able to reduce our inventory volumes to help mitigate these rising costs. In addition, we improved our base receivables to further offset rising working capital needs. Receivables and inventory were up nearly $750 million compared to a year ago and were up over $500 million since fiscal year-end.  Including cash, net debt was $1.7 billion, down $466 million from a year ago, a remarkable accomplishment considering the cash flow used for working capital purposes just mentioned. Total liquidity was $1.6 billion, including availability under our credit facility and cash. Bond buybacks were just $30 million because bond premiums were generally above our repurchase targets. From a debt ratings standpoint, we were pleased to receive upgrades from all 3 rating agencies: S&P, Moody's and Fitch. We also achieved our goal of returning to investment grade with S&P and Fitch, and are now just one notch below investment grade with Moody's. In addition, we amended and extended our credit facility during the quarter. Our new facility is not only lower cost, but also provides us with more operating flexibility. It also includes a collateral-release provision that will take effect in August. For this, we are grateful for our banking partners' support and recognition of our improved financial performance over the past 3 years. So here's an updated outlook for fiscal 2011. Revenues are expected to be -- exceed $32 billion, driven largely by rising raw material prices, an increase of more than $3 billion from 2010. We expect fiscal 2011 net interest expense to be approximately $230 million, down about $100 million from fiscal 2010. This is also down $15 million from our previous guidance. The refinancing of our revolving credit facility, along with recent ratings upgrades, has resulted in further savings. The effective tax rate should be about 35%. Our diluted shares for the second quarter were 383 million. This reflects the dilutive effect of options and convertible bonds, which fluctuate depending on our stock price performance. We will continue to reinvest in our business and we still expect CapEx to be around $700 million. Our spending is focused on improving the efficiency and competitiveness of our domestic and foreign operations. Depreciation and amortization will be approximately $525 million.  We will use excess cash to repurchase notes when available at attractive rates. From the standpoint of debt maturities, we do not have any significant debt coming due until fiscal 2014. The balance on our 8.25% notes due October 2011 was $314 million as of April 2. We plan to retire these notes on the last day of the fiscal year with cash on hand, which was nearly $800 million at the end of Q2, or with future operating cash flows. In closing, I would like to thank our team for continuing to demonstrate financial and operating discipline while dealing with volatile commodity markets, which have a big impact on our costs and working capital. Team, despite these headwinds, you were able to do what you said you would. That, in itself, is a great accomplishment. Overall, we have a great financial position with solid debt ratios along with a strong balance sheet and capital structure. This will enable us to continue delivering results in a challenging environment.  We believe our current earnings multiple does not reflect what we've accomplished and the obstacles we've overcome. As we continue to improve operations, consistently deliver strong returns on capital and generate solid earnings in difficult times, we believe the market should more accurately reflect a valuation worthy of our performance. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we're ready to begin Q&A.
Dennis Leatherby: Yes, definitely. Ken, this is Dennis. We believe that we're a different company now. We have basically stabilized our margins. We're on top of what we're doing, best in class in all 3 of our major segments. And we're just continuing to improve and drive efficiencies. Our return on capital is high. It's up there in the 20s. We plan to keep it that way. We are trading at a discount to our peers, not only in protein, but in ag, at a fairly significant discount. So all that being said, we scratch our heads and wonder why the multiple hasn't expanded. Certainly, something that the Street seems to be struggling with and we keep saying that we're going to deliver and keep these earnings going.
Dennis Leatherby: Let me -- This is Dennis. I'll take the stock buyback and then kick it over to Donnie and Jim. There's nothing really to stop us from buying back stock other than what's in front of us that's quite uncertain. What if corn goes to $10? Those kinds of things -- we really maintain a lot of liquidity. It's $1.6 billion right now. We need to maintain a lot of liquidity. We have great investments to put into our business with high returns, so our priority right now is continuing to make sure that we have plenty of liquidity, make sure that we invest heavily in our business like we are. That's definitely an option. There are no restrictions. In fact, the new revolver -- the restated revolver gives us quite a bit of more flexibility. So we can do that, it's an option, but not now. Sometime later probably so, but not in immediate future.
