Stewart Glendinning: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. We delivered record adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS for the first half of fiscal 2018 despite the challenges that Tom discussed. Each of our segment's performed well as our diversified portfolio of protein brands and ongoing investments continue to provide strong stable growth. Revenues for the first half of fiscal 2018 were up nearly 10% compared to prior year and were up over 7% in our second quarter to $9.8 billion as total Company volume grew 1.9%. Adjusted operating income for the first half of fiscal 2018 was a record $1.6 billion up 2% over the strong comparable period last year. Adjusted operating income for Q2 was $694 million up 11% over the last year. Total Company adjusted return on sales was 8.2% for the first half of the year and 7.1% in Q2. Our record adjusted EPS for the first half of fiscal 2018 was $3.08 which includes a $0.38 benefit due to Tax Reform and results in an 18% increase versus the strong comparable period last year. Our operating cash flow through the first two quarters was over $1.1 billion and we spent $559 million on capital expenditures. This outpaced our depreciation by $206 million as we continue to invest in projects with a focus on delivering returns well excess of our cost of capital. During the first half of the year, we repurchased 2.3 million shares for $180 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the first half of the year was 22.8% and for the second quarter was 23.8%. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.3 times on a pro forma basis, including AdvancePierre's results for full 12 months. We expect to resume share repurchases once our leverage nears our target of two times, which we expect to occur during the fiscal 2018. Including cash of $198 million, net debt was $9.8 billion and total liquidity was just shy of $1 billion. Net interest expense was $170 million during the first six months. We expect approximately $300 million of incremental cash flow in fiscal 2018 as a result of Tax Reform and in the second quarter, we invested $109 million of our tax savings in one-time bonuses for our front line team members. This investment was adjusted out for EPS purposes. Please see the reconciliation in our earnings release for the impact by segment. As we have demonstrated, our capital allocation priorities are focused on driving shareholder value and growing the business. We will remain disciplined in our long-term focus as we deploy cash to reduce debt and grow our business organically through sustainable operational efficiency and capital expansion projects along with investing in innovation and brand building. We also have the flexibility and the investment grade credit ratings to acquire businesses that support our strategic objectives. And of course, we will continue to return cash to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividend growth. Now, here are some additional thoughts on fiscal 2018. We expect top line sales of between $40 billion to $41 billion, which is growth of around 6%. The expected increase is attributed to base business volume growth as well as incremental AdvancePierre sales of approximately $1.1 billion. Net interest expense should approximate $340 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be around 24%. CapEx is expected to approximate $1.3 billion as we focus on capacity expansion and operational improvements that create long-term shareholder value. We have a great pipeline of capital projects, but due a slower rate of spending than originally planned, we have reduced our projected CapEx this year by $100 million. Based on our average share price in Q2, we expect our average diluted shares to be around $370 million before share repurchases. Last fall, we mentioned, we would evaluate our existing normalized ranges for our segments and I want to provide you an update on our conclusion. As we transform into a modern food company, we believe our historical normalized ranges are no longer reflective of our long-term growth opportunities as we continue to reshape our business with a prudent capital allocation strategy and execute strategic acquisitions. As a result, going forward, we will provide an annual outlook for each segment focused on our margin expectations rather than be indexed to a historical range. We are reaffirming our adjusted EPS guidance of $6.55 to $6.70 even with the challenging conditions we experienced in the first half of the year. Note, many of these will continue to be headwinds in the back half as well, we will continue to pull all the levers to mitigate these costs and pursue recovery through pricing. This concludes our remarks. Operator, we are ready to begin the Q&A.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. I will pick that up. I mean certainly the same dynamic this, think if you go and look at the volume, we are up over 1%. And if you looked at dollar volume were up more than twice. So we feel good about AdvancePierre.
Stewart Glendinning: The only thing I would always say is that you look at the performance of the business, the business had some challenges in the first quarter, Tom called those out, sorry in the second quarter had some challenges, but I think when you look the way the business is positioned from the back part of the year, it’s going to be serving both parts of the market. What is great about our business and the reason why the margin is so strong is exactly the piece you have called out, it’s that further process part of our chicken business and that part of the business is strong.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. So let’s be clear on that. Of course, we have always had couple of aspects to share repurchase, it’s been ongoing in respect of offset through our long-term incentive programs and nothing has changed in that. So we will have a share repurchase ongoing there. Relative to more discretionary share repurchase, we are not saying specifically when. We are saying we like to see our leverage come down. We expect that to acceptable levels, and we expect that to happen in the second half. I don’t want to make myself prudent to say it’s going to happen in Q3 or Q4. I would like to have the flexibility to make that choice.
Stewart Glendinning: Michael the only thing to add is that your question relative to sort of how much, we don’t break that out separately, but what I can say is that's baked both into EPS guidance for this year and of course will be baked into that guidance for next year.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. The only thing I would jump in on is, you just say that if you look at some of the challenges in Q2 and then look at the back half of the year. Those things starts to diminished, I know for one thing it’s not going to snow this summer. And if you look at some of the production challenges we have with them on in Chicken in Q2 that we are going to be on top of for the back half of the year. Think about freight, from a freight perspective, we told you about our approach pricing there. So those things all start to move with us and when if you add on top of that the sort of favorability we expect to see a beef in the back part of the year. All of those things start flowing through certainly to our Chicken business and to our prepared business.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Let me just a step back. I think normalize ranges are not a good reflection of our business, because they effectively pigeon hole us. This is a business that we are trying to margin up, that we are trying to grow, that we are trying to increasingly brand. And all of those things are not consistent with static set of margins. This is also a business as you really point out, because a lot of guidance to the analyst community help you peg where we are going to end up. And in desire to sort of help me that helpful to you. At the beginning of the year, we will say, this is what we see, this is how we see the margin for Chicken, for prepared, et cetera for the year and that will be normal for that year. And so each year you will get to see what that looks like and of course our desire to use that is the base to build on sequentially.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I think what Tom called out relative to our range. Is that a number of the pressures that we felt the first half of the year, like freight principally labor. These will be with us in the back half of the year and of course we are working to offset those. But with the kind of $155 million that Tom called out. That will push us to the lower end of the EPS guidance range. No question about that, but we have it all in the forecast and pulling the levers to get there.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes and I would say dimensionally, you have framed it right. I mean, it has the size to be managed, but to Tom's point, it comes with a bit of the difficulty pattern.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, I mean, look Jeremy, I think you see the results for the quarter, so certainly you can take some - based on public day you can take some calculation what you think that looks like. I think more importantly we are giving you guidance for the back half of the year and we are telling you that we think the back half is going to look a lot stronger and that's positive for our business.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Ken maybe just one other thing Tom called out in his prepared remarks. He referred to some inefficiencies as we ran our Chicken business really hard this second quarter. That’s another example of something I think we will be totally on top off in the back half of the year and certainly into 2019.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks for Ken. First of all, the view from the rating agencies is important to us, because it allows us of course to drive financial funding for acquisitions, et cetera. That’s where the two times comes from. I never said that it was sort of hard line in the sand. In fact, I think if you recall in an earlier question I answered, I said that specifically wanted to have the flexibility to decide Q3 or Q4 based on the way that we see our stock and our ability to drive a return for shareholder. So it’s not hard and fast for me.
Thomas Hayes: No, I think you are right Ken. We said last quarter that it was going to be about $200 million and I have said in my prepared remarks, it’s up to 250 and so there is, you know what was it difficult situation as it relates to transportation as we saw it emerging, actually played out and then it got that worse. We knew it was going to be a drag in this quarter. I don’t know how much more clear, I could have been on that at CAGNY and even the Q1 call. And we said that for this quarter, about $0.14 in EPS. Nobody likes to take in the cost increases, and we go to answer your question about how we get it back, it’s through pricing. And our brand strength matters also how we partner with our customers is important and it really is something that we are focused on getting phenomenal through pricing, but then also we have to take costs out. As I mentioned again in my prepared remarks, truck weights and lead times and smoothing out the supply chain, there are other continuous improvement projects we are pursuing. So we are simultaneously pulling the lever of pricing as well as all the cost reduction levers. There is quite a bit of focus on this, as you can well imagine, inside the Company. Yes, we are maintaining our guidance. I do believe that we will be sort of on that low end of the range, given what we have seen, the cost coming on freight and that is all baked into the forecast, but it is causing us to stay closer to the lower end of the range. The other thing that I would like to just to make sure that everybody takes away is that Q4 will be much stronger than Q3. So as get a lot of these pricing moves in place as the projection very strong Q4, much stronger than Q4. And like I said maintaining that full-year projection, but certainly at the lower end of that.
Thomas Hayes: So hey Adam. What I would say is we feel really good about our delivery in Chicken so far this year, so we feel great about the full-year. We meet our expectations, just to see around 10%. It’s going to be a fantastic year for Chicken because we are also growing volumes. So EBIT year-over-year should improve. The thing that is obviously a challenge for us as called out in prepared remarks, certainly we have hatchability. It’s been an issue for us and we expect that we are going to continue to make progress on that. And the challenge that we do see for sure is that overcoming this first half where we had some weekends, where we just weren’t working, the weather, I don’t like to use that as an excuse, but it actually had an impact on us. Those were things that were just following, so the back half looks much stronger. The higher feed cost environment, at this point everything is sort of based on forward curve, but are certainly its included in our estimates, we do have higher feed costs. So we need to overcome that with pricing. As we have said previous calls, previous years, it takes us a bit of time to overcome that a quarter or two before the pricing goes into the market, but certainly we want to get that back. And then, I would say in terms of the volume growth, I couldn’t be happier with how the team is progressing. They are doing an excellent job and certainly, we have had a tough second quarter, but that just makes the team that much more excited and engaged to kill it in the back half.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. Farha, it’s definitely the cattle on feed. So we know there is going to be in our regions. So cattle on feed overall, but certainly in our regions we feel like we are well set out. As expected Q2 was tough, like it was really choppy and 3.3%, even though it’s above sort of historical rates not what we were playing for. To be about 6% for 2018, it’s really on the back of those cattle on feed reports and knowing that the supplies in our regions are exceptionally good.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. So Farha, when we have talk about this historically there has been - almost like we are bound between in these ranges and that’s something they do, you are a very commoditized company. I understand the purpose that they served in the past. But we want to continue to at the best margins, while we are continuing to grow the business. So we can deliver year-over-year improved EBIT. As a relates to 2019. Clearly too early to totally quantify, but we see some really strong themes developing across the portfolio. Certainly the value added businesses are expected to continue on the growth trajectory, we are in great categories. We have great businesses both Prepared Foods and Chicken will benefit from a higher value-added mix for sure. Strong demand is supported by the continuous improvement in our Financial Fitness program that we have, the more volume that we drive, the stronger the cost reduction is going to be and we continue to go faster in the categories we plan. As I said in the prepared remarks, getting the businesses on one IT platform is enormous because it not only allows customers to place one order, but that also with the distribution centers, everything just starts to kick in. So another tailwind for us would be accelerating cost improvement into 2019. We expect strong back half which will certainly us a momentum as I called up before Q4 better than Q3. Not for nothing. Any M&A benefit will be incremental to that. So there certainly we have a strong balance sheet and we sure we can talk about capital allocation, but we feel great about where we are positioned as it relates taking advantage of M&A. And the last thing I will say is that commodity businesses, Beef, Pork and parts of maybe the Chicken business will benefit from increased supply, counterbalanced certainly with global and domestic demand increases, have get a lot of noise as it relates to tariffs and so forth. But all the things that we are seeing in terms of themes developing for fiscal 2019 are all very positive and we are excited.
Thomas Hayes: It’s definitely has been a headwind, and it is, our intention is that it will abate by 2019. We haven’t put a lot of emphasis on that because it’s still a bit of an issue, like we are still working through it. And that’s been the best I can say as we are managing through it. It’s not solved yet, but that is getting better. We expected some decline in egg productivity with a bit of this the trade off in the breast meat yield to go into different breeds. But decline in hatchability has been a bit more than expected. If we just point to the USDA reports, it sounds like the whole industry has seen the same thing, but we feel really good about what Tyson is doing, the progress that we are starting to see, which gives us confidence about 2019. But it is something we continue to work.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. So remember last year was incredibly high on Pork. And so it was just a exceptional year and so we wish those margins would continue with us. They will not. Our assumptions that are built into our annual outlook of around 8% are strong margins. So certainly, there is nothing that's changed, Heather. We haven’t modify our approach or anything like that. What you are seeing is equilibrating to what will be sort of the new normal. So that continues to play out about as we expected as new players enter the market. We are not having trouble getting hogs or seeing more hogs coming. That’s also something that gives us a lot of confidence for 2019. The hog supply will meet the harvest capacity. This is something that we just have work through the turbulence, but heading into 2019, we feel really good about the supplies that we anticipate coming into the market in the fall.
Thomas Hayes: The message for 2019, I would ask you to take away is that we are that going to have the pricing that we need, based on what we see today to have us net to zero if nothing else changed in fiscal 2019. So do I think there is going to be more constantly, it doesn’t feel that way as it relates to the drivers. I think we are doing, everything we can do to get on top of that, and it feels good. What I don’t know is fuel. Like what is going to be the fuel situation in that, to the extent it goes up will look to price with that as well. As it relates to pricing overall, as you well imagine, I can only speak to what we are facing in Tyson versus the industry. This is an input costs you to recognize by the customers and hopefully the consumer. And we want to continue to provide value and we don’t want this to hurt our earnings, we can’t continue to do the investments that we would to drive growth that we have been driving. So we are going to play to have it net to zero by the end of Q4 and if costs stayed the same Rob, you should expect that would be overcome. Like, I don’t know about what happens with oil and so forth into 2019.
Thomas Hayes: I think it’s a good insight. It hasn’t affected us Rob. If you think about our total business, we sell, we, Tyson less than 0.5% in total sales to China in pork. So it’s about 150 million-ish, I think in 2017. So the tariff and everything that’s going on has created some issues. And certain, demand would be backed up into the, or the supply would be backed up in the U.S.. As it relates to byproducts not a big factor given the small base that are already is that we rely on. The big thing with traffic is what happens to other companies and therefore you know the cost of the supply in the U.S. goes down. That’s not so much byproducts, but I think that’s a good question.
Thomas Hayes: We have been taking wages out from labor cost is going up. The other things that we are doing is, we are definitely putting more and more emphasis on safety and also something we called upward academy which is bringing skills and training into the plants to train and focus on English as a second language, it could be basic financial skills, things that are allowing us to retain team members more. Those relates to whether it’s second shifts, we said that we want to do it or just overall sort of labor challenges, I think we are well position to make sure that those don’t affect us. The other thing I would say on this Michael is that, we have been spending quite a bit money on automation and robotics. I would say probably less focused on beef more on probably Chicken and Prepared Foods. But we also have been spending it on for safety reasons and for otherwise. So the net is feeling that we are in a good position such that we needed to add incremental labor or incremental shifts, I don’t think that’s anything that I feel nervous about.
Thomas Hayes: Both. Yes. Margin accretive overtime, again we reduced the turnover. Frankly we are not necessarily obtaining that massive reduction in headcount, because what we are doing is as we grow and as putting those automation projects in place those two for transferring and other parts of the plan and just the natural turnover goes down and we like that, that’s a good outcome for us.
Thomas Hayes: On track on the pepperoni projects and it would be nice when we don’t have to talk about it anymore, but I'm happy to talk about it. We have everything in place that we wanted to have in place. Let's say probably on track with a little more optimism as I hear the team talk about what they are going after in terms of bringing new customers or customers that we have back on, the operations they are going really well. So I feel like that is going to be a non-issue after 2019 if we maintain this, they are going to be solved in 2019. But its touch wood things are going really well there.
Thomas Hayes: We would love to, we would love to ship more Chicken to the EU for sure and to the extent that opened up, we will be all about it. That’s not something that is necessarily available to us today, but we do believe that it could be certainly very supportive for the companies like ourselves for Tyson, we really take advantage of our worldwide offices and we have been doing a great job under Noel White’s leadership, understanding what are the opportunities beyond where we currently sell. So opening up new markets on all products, prepare foods by the way, not just Chicken and pork. And so, yes, if the EU opened up for Chicken and other products of course, we would be ringing the bell here. So that’s good.
Thomas Hayes: Based on what you have laid up for me, it sounds like you are pretty well on the mark Akshay. I would say that as it relates to transitory, they are, some of them are more sort of immediate and acute than sort of will last a little bit longer, right. So as we look at the fore curve on grains who knows that’s sort of where we are looking today. But to the extent that we just talk about tariffs, it really backs up in the U.S., we could be in a situation we are not as - the costs are very low. But the overarching comments that you made, I would align with I would say that $100 million, yes, in terms of grain that's about the right number, $30 million up in raw material for prepared foods, but I would caution you on that one just that given where we are based on our current projections that's what we see. Going forward, there's I think that probably a strong argument that those prices could go lower and so that those costs could be less for prepared foods, which is a good thing and then freight, yes, we are just going to go to top of it it’s a battle, it’s something that should be once we get through it, it would be fine, but they are as we call out sort of transitory issues.
Thomas Hayes: Well, we have given you the EPS guidance and we have given you the top-line. So you ought to be able to drive the numbers by using that math.
Thomas Hayes: So there are new placements. Some of it will be replacing some of these products we have, but it's just generally new placements. Now the insight there is that consumers are not - I’m assuming you are talking about in my prepared remarks that frozen Chicken. Yes, so the insight is that consumers want more convenience, the individually frozen Chicken as it exists historically is not a particularly exciting product. And we are trying to come up with what can we do to sort of reinvest and disrupt that category, but to the extent that those facings when those distribution points win over classic IF products Individually Frozen products that wouldn't surprise me. But our play should be net incremental and to derive more velocity on those distribution points is a key thing as well as margin and brand.
Thomas Hayes: Well. Yes is it. However, just go back to - it's not easy as customers want to maintain their cost, certainly it's hard for us to go to them and say look your cost is affecting everybody and push that through. Nobody breaks out the party hat and we come in with a price increase on anything. But freight is - they are trying to make sure that they maintain their cost. So we are trying to do all the things we can from a Tyson margin perspective, we are passing on the cost, but we are also making sure that we are doing everything we can to lean out our system, making sure that trucks are full, we don't have more stem miles in the system than as needed that continuous improvement projects are accelerated. So your opening question is that reasonable to assume that we should be able to get that? Absolutely, that's our job, but that's doesn't come without a lot of hard work is I guess the point I want to make.
Thomas Hayes: What I would tell you is the sales impact should be relatively flat, if we have more cost coming in the price goes up, that's certainly going to be effective, but as we are talking about maybe units or volume that should be flat, it shouldn’t stop us from growing. Our competitors like I said who knows what they are going to do. They don't pass thoughts on and their margins are going to take a hit. So how elastic our categories are, or not depended upon which category you are talking about and is it branded or not branded, or do we have an exceptionally strong partnership with customers that they understand these things are things that we have to get back, we have to make a proper margin as a partner to them. So there is a lot of factors that work - that’s going back to the dialogue that we have with our customers, certainly where we have strong partnerships with strong brands, it’s certainly easier than if we are in commoditized, non- strategic partner relationship which we have fewer today than we had yesterday, but you are calling out all the right stuff I think.
Thomas Hayes: So, let me start with the freight, Jeremy. We are not going to price that out individually, because there is competitive aspects of that and I want to make sure that we are remaining as competitive as possible for our shareholders. What I will say is that I don't know how other people are affected in our regions, we have to stop production, we have closed plants, several times in the quarter, not every plant, but several plants in the quarter and that just hurt you. And so as Stewart said hopefully we are not going to get any snow this summer, but I think that it definitely was maybe something versus - larger said that it hit us disproportionately, but I don’t know, I just know what happened to us.
Thomas Hayes: We won’t quantify that as you can understand that's something that's just not something we are willing to do based on the competitive approach, but I appreciate the question.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. It’s a difficult question to answer entirely. But I would say that the headline should be that these were a lot of issues that our specific to 2018 now. I don’t know, if the same weather issues are going up play, there seems to be really increasingly difficult wild card to predict. But as it relates to hatchability and some other things I spoke of. We believe we will be pass those, we believe we will be pass freight. So if barring any sort of crazy events, we feel like 2019 is setting up really well to be again another year of improved earnings and that’s what we are most excited about.
Thomas Hayes: Yes. So we don’t have that for you today Ken, but let us take down on board on future calls as we get closer to 2019 and we get more specific on the segment margins. We will do our best declare and what was one-time in 2018 that wouldn’t repeat in 2019 as we present our case.
Thomas Hayes: Okay. Thanks again for all the questions. And thanks for bearing with us on a choppy quarter. And thanks for owning our stock and analyzing our stock as we are a great Company to own, well into the future long-term big bet. I appreciate your interest. We are encouraged by the performance halfway through our fiscal year. We know we are sitting up for a great 2019 as we talk about. If you want to say to the team members that are listening to the call at 1pm Central Time we will be having our team talk live discussion. So please tune into that whether it's on mobile or live in the auditorium, and look forward to talking to you then and everybody have a great day.
