Donnie King: Okay. Ben, this is Donnie. I'll start off and then for the Chicken portion of this, I'll flip it over to Wes and let him add some detail to this. But I would say this quarter was not a surprise to us. We knew Q2 was going to be challenging and it was. I've talked about the fact that I've never seen this highly unusual situation where Beef, Pork and Chicken were all experiencing challenges at the same time. Many of these are macro in nature. But in Chicken specifically -- in Chicken, we have seen operational improvements and market recovery. While slower than expected, it will recover and of all of our businesses that are challenged right now, Chicken will recover first.  In the quarter, we had -- of our $166 million loss, $90 million of that came from 3 main areas. There was about 1/3 of it in mark-to-market, inventory adjustment, SKU rationalization accounted for about 1/3 of it and start-up costs associated with the mix change and improvement from bone-in to boneless plus a few asset impairments. So I would then go on to say Chicken remains a top priority for me. We have the #1 brand in Chicken. Our model doesn't give us the highs and lows of the commodity markets. That doesn't mean that we're not impacted by that and variable pricing model that we have in place, there are lags that go with that.  About 2 years ago, I laid out for you the plan that we had with our Chicken business, and we're following it. We're growing our volume and improving our mix. We sow what we harvested and we reduced inventory by 20%. And I would tell you that we are relentless on operational execution. We continue to invest in automation and digital capabilities and we will and do compete with the very best in the industry. We're winning in every area in which we play. We have market leadership in every category. Customers and consumers are key priorities for us, and it's clear we're having success with them. We've just recently announced that we moved up into the top 10 of Kantar for the first time ever on the most recent power rankings. We expect to win with consumers behind the #1 brand in Chicken and win with our customers by being their go-to supplier.  And I have confidence in the team that we have in our Chicken business. We have the right strategy and are doing the right things for growth. We continue to implement this strategy and focus on the things that we can control, and we'll build on this strong place -- a strong foundation that we have in place. Now with that, let me stop Ben, and let me flip this to Wes Morris, who leads that Chicken business and that team and let him add some additional color. 
Donnie King: Okay, Adam. Let me -- I'll start off and then I will pass it to Brady for some greater detail around that. But as expected in Beef that there was tightness in cattle [spot], we saw increased live cost and a softer export market. Probably the thing that is most interesting there, and unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to give you the answer to this, but it's around cow and heifer retention and we do have better, faster growing conditions. If you ook at Central Texas up to Nebraska, there still needs to be some more moisture. We saw cow harvest towards the end of the quarter began to decline. Some indication of the closure of the liquidation cycle. If you look at heifer feed numbers, we're not in a rebuild phase, just yet. More attention -- more retention is needed on the heifers before we're ready to signal that the rebuild has begun. So with that, Brady, you add some additional color, if you would. 
Donnie King: Well, thanks for that question. It's still -- as we've said, I mean, we are continually focused on being the absolute best from an operations perspective. We want to be the best company, the best brand, the best protein wherever we choose to play. And what we're doing very simply is executing those things through productivity, through efficiency to deliver that. Some of that requires adding volume, for example, in Chicken. Some of that requires improved yield and labor utilization. It includes -- it also -- looking at the assets that you have and trying to make sure that we modernize those and invest in those and get the right footprint not only today but going forward. We'll do all those things and continue doing all those things. But the whole efficiency-productivity piece is top of mind for everyone in this organization today. 
Donnie King: Thank you, Alexia. Well, first, I would tell you it was on purpose. We talked about very simply -- and the mantra around here is winning with our team members, creating a differentiated place to work, getting happy team members, having fully staffed operations was important and then winning with customers and consumers. We've invested a lot and continue to support customers and consumers with our brands, with innovation, with all those things. We want to be the best or be their go-to supplier in every part of our business. And then finally, and this is kind of where the rubber meets the road, but winning with executional excellence throughout this organization. And it is -- that is the result -- what you're seeing in this survey is a result of the work that this team has done. 
Donnie King: So Ken, I'll start off and then I will flip that to give a little more color from Wes around Chicken and Brady on Beef. But I did talk about the macro a lot. And I got to tell you, it pains me to talk about that because that we've never been able to control macro-economic issues or market conditions. But what I can tell you is we are controlling what we can. And we have a full-court press on being the best that we can be in operational excellence and winning with customers and consumers.  But the other thing I would tell you, Ken, is that here at Tyson and as you know, I've been through a number of these cycles before, this company has been -- in its 90-year history, has been through a number of them before. But what we have done in the past, and we're doing this time is we're accelerating in the bottom of this cycle, and we always come out better and stronger. And I see no reason to believe that we won't do that this time as well. And let me flip it to Wes to add some Chicken color. 
Donnie King: Thanks for that question. I'll touch on this at a high level. But in terms of your question, for the past few years, we've taken bold and aggressive steps to advance productivity and efficiency. We're constantly evaluating how we can be more efficient, push down decision-making and remove duplication of [flows]. Those are all top of mind today. But we have also have done a number of things looking at our footprint, looking for what it would take to make our less efficient assets -- and this would be across the portfolio. How do we either make them efficient, how do we automate them, how do we redesign them or, in some cases, you could look at how would you sell it or how would you close it? And we look at all those different options.  But I want to remind you that our strategy is all about growth. Growth in our base or core protein businesses, growth in our branded portfolio and growth internationally where it makes sense. So making sure that you understand clearly that we are in a growth mode and at the same time, trying to rightsize our footprint in our production machines to deliver those products that customers and consumers love. 
Donnie King: Yes. Thanks for that question. And first thing I would tell you is that just to acknowledge the macro environment and what it's been and the fact that the magnitude and the duration of the challenges, they do continue. However, if you think about this company, in particular, we've had a 90-year history of successfully managing macroeconomic cycles, and we've always come out stronger. We have never been able to control those cycles and what we can do is control what we can control. And there's a lot of opportunity there for us to be better. And we are obviously focused on that and across all businesses and functions. In terms of growth at any cost, that's not what we're talking about here. The growth that we have is in service to our customers and those consumers. And I think as Wes had mentioned this earlier, that we always start with the demand plan, and we work back to a supply plan and so we wouldn't be growing Chicken, Beef or Pork or Prepared Foods for that matter, if we didn't have a demand plan that says that we have a consumer wanting this.  And then the second part of that is we obviously had no intention of just growing for growth's sake, and -- but we always balance growth with profitability, and I wouldn't expect this time to be any different than that. But we see this as -- this cycle as something we've seen before, and we've always accelerated out of these types of cycles, and we -- in a growth pattern, accelerating out of the curve, if you will and that's what we're doing this time as well. 
Donnie King: Thank you. And as you've heard today, this is a challenging moment, but my optimism about the future has not changed. Our customers and consumers are behind us. We're winning with both. This is not an accident, but is a result of the hard work our team members do every day. And I thank them for it. As we continue to build a world-class organization positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us, we remain confident that our strategy will deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. Thanks for your interest in Tyson Foods, and we look forward to speaking soon. 
Wes Morris: Ben, thanks for the question. No question, Q2 was tough for us and for the industry as a whole. The combination of grains and markets -- some of the key parts being down as much as 50% and then the ongoing export opportunities. Simply said, versus a year ago, grain up 11%, price up 2% and then $135 million change in derivatives. We did something nobody else though, in the industry has done, growing net sales, 8.4%, volume, 6.4% and improving our capacity, 4%.  Based on published data, we competed actually better than an average company in the industry, and we kept investing at the same time. Donnie referenced the $90 million, I'd ask you to think at 2/3 of that as investments in our business going forward. The SKU rationalization and inventory adjustments, along with the packaging and ingredients makes us both more efficient and more consumer-centric at the same time.  So let me talk about 4 key areas that my team is focused on and give you some insight into what we got done in the quarter. The 4 key areas of people, service, growth and performance. Our plants were staffed for the entire quarter. Our teams delivered the volume we needed to win with customers and consumers. And we sold everything we processed plus another 100 million pounds. So demand for our products were good in Q2. Our service levels increased 20 points year-over-year, we're back to historical levels of service. We executed very well at the holidays of Super Bowl and March Madness, gaining share in both food service and retail. We continue to invest in Danville, fully-cooked location, which will come on this fall.  We're now filling over 99% of what we call our [core 8] retail products. And so winning with consumers and customers at the same time. Donnie referenced the 2 plants we converted in the quarter from bone-in to boneless. And then we announced the closure of 2 facilities, which will improve our efficiency while increasing our volume. And we've seen operational improvements every week in the last quarter and in April. So we're well positioned to win with customers, consumers and drive out cost at the same time going forward.
Wes Morris: Andrew, this is Wes. Thanks for the question. First and foremost, we got to stay focused on our business and our customer expectations. And so we will, in fact, improve our capacity utilization over time. I think it's important to understand that our supply plan is actually our demand plan that we start with the demand plan and work backwards and as we see more demand for our products, we improve our capacity utilization. So hopefully, that answers your question. 
Wes Morris: Yes. Sure. This is Wes. I'll answer that. We didn't see a lot of movement in January and February, and we started seeing a little more strength in March, which for us will flow through the next quarter. We have seen some pullet numbers that would indicate a little stronger markets in the back half of the year. 
Wes Morris: Yes, Ken. I think take into consideration the timing of how our pricing flows through is different than others. We have a further lag. Number two, the $135 million year-over-year derivative change and then the $60 million of the $90 million Donnie talked about in efficiency investment, I believe we competed better than the average in the industry. 
Wes Morris: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ben. The whole industry is not seeing the kind of hatch rates we saw 4 or 5 years ago. Ours, in particular, is down a few points from Q1, but not near the volatility that we're seeing in the industry as a whole. And so we have a more stable, predictable supply chain to include our hatch rate that makes it easier to manage going forward. As for outside buy, we'll continue to buy and grow as we have fluctuations in our demand, but much more imbalanced than in years passed. 
John Tyson: And Ben, I want to just pick up on a couple of specific parts of your question there. I think, first off, you're asking, are there further actions that we're contemplating and just to address that directly, we're always looking at the footprint, but everything that we're doing is focused on growing our business today. And I would note that with the 2 announcements we made earlier in the quarter, we're still growing the business. You mentioned inventory too, part of working through, kind of some of the changing market conditions does mean continuing to pull down inventory. And so that will influence the outlook. But you noted correctly from the earlier remarks on kind of moving to breakeven and improving through the back half of the year is what we expect to see in poultry. 
John Tyson: Yes. Thank you for that question. And let me talk about the outlook and get a little more clarity on that, when we talk about leverage. I'm glad you asked this question. So if you look at the return on sales guidance that we've given kind of on a segment-by-segment basis, it could take a few different shapes. So a point I want to make sure that our listeners take away today is that when we look at a total operating income number for the second half of the year, we expect that to be in aggregate similar to or maybe slightly down compared to the first half of the year. So depending on the different movements within the various core proteins, that's kind of the net of it. We want to make sure lands from an outlook perspective. And as you suggested, that does have implications for what our total leverage ratio as we move into the back half of the year. And what I can say is we're focused in the long run on that 2x number, and I think just pointing to what we've done in the last couple of years, we were diligent in paying off $3 billion worth of debt. We've invested in the business from a growth standpoint, we've got new operations coming online and retail branded chicken, bacon and a lot of growth outside the U.S., aligned with our strategy. So I think while the timing on some of the capital expenditures, for example, kind of puts a pressure on the operating cash flows. I think we're comfortable with where we are and feel good about the outlook. I think that we know there's volatility in our business. Ratings agencies keep up with that. I mean, I can't speak for them this morning, but we're in constant communication, providing them outlooks about the business. So overall, we feel good, but yes, the leverage ratio will pick up for a little while. 
John Tyson: Yes. If I can add to that, though, I think you asked specifically about how do we balance the profitability versus the growth. And what I want to point out is that we've pulled down the total sales outlook for the business, but we're still projecting to grow from a volume standpoint. So I think the Chicken call compared to a quarter ago is still up, but slightly less than what we had initially projected just because of the demand that was referenced. 
John Tyson: Yes. This is John. Let me say a couple of things on that. First off, let me just make a shot out and thanks to the Williams family who we've got this transaction with, and we're grateful to them for entrusting 60-plus years of a family business to be part of the Tyson family. As it relates to the kind of contours of the transaction, let me answer the question why now. We're always being diligent and thoughtful about the M&A opportunities that we're pursuing. And I think this was a transaction that we got across the finish line based on the characteristics of the branded portfolio and the return profile. So when we close that in the coming months, we're excited to bring that into the Tyson Prepared Foods business. 
John Tyson: Yes. Sure thing, and thanks for the question. Let me just talk about the priorities and then talk about where we are in the year and what the outlook is. So first and foremost, we're always looking to invest in our business. And I think it's important to recognize that the CapEx deployment wave that we're in right now is typically higher than our historical average. Over the long run, something more like $1.5 billion is what we would target on an annual CapEx number. So I think that as we go into the coming years, we'll trend in that direction.  And then we look at strategic M&A where we can. We've been pretty, I think, thoughtful in that approach. We're really pleased about the Williams deal and see that as a valuable part of investing in our business. And then on the returning cash to shareholders, we remain committed to the dividend and share repurchases, I think, we'll continue to be conservative and look at something that's in line with historical norms. Obviously, there are a lot of different variables that go into that on a quarterly or annual basis as we make those choices.  But yes, I think just where we are with the profitability outlook in the business, kind of the CapEx cycle and the borrowing, we're conscious of and aware that our leverage ratio will tick up. But again, we're kind of making choices and decisions around investments for the long term of this business. So we're comfortable, although we don't like the tick up. We're comfortable with these cycles where leverage ratios may be a little bit elevated compared to our longer-term target. 
John Tyson: And I think if I can add on to what Donnie is saying, just to emphasize growth and the focus on high-quality growth. We've just completed a fifth consecutive quarter of record sales growth. The same is true for the Chicken segment and the Prepared Foods segment. And we're growing in the parts of those businesses that we see as attractive from a margin standpoint.  And of course, in poultry, as we've talked about, part of that has to do a little bit with just you getting the capacity utilization footprint back, right? And then it's also worth pointing out that we got a business outside of the U.S. that is trending towards tripling in about 5 years. And so I think as we think about the long term, that becomes a profit engine for us, and we're excited about the investments we've made there as well. 
