Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. The sales were certainly not what we expected for sure, as foodservice channel has been a little bit lighter than retail, particularly for us I would say. And so we do have some challenges also in predominantly the legacy Tyson Prepared Foods of foodservice business. In order to get our portfolio back to where it needs to be, profitable growth and the ROS we expect, we are doing a number of things: shifting channel mix and customers to a certain degree to capture growth; leaning out SG&A, doing some manufacturing work on costs. And we feel good about where we're headed, but we do still have some challenges, and certainty, in Q2, the volume didn't help the situation as we had some under-absorbed overhead at some of those plants.
Thomas P. Hayes: It is. Like I said, the retail business continues to do very well. It's the foodservice prepared business, and we do see that's going to take some time to get that back to where it needs to be. I also said, in 2018, we believe it will be back within the range as Prepared Foods...
Thomas P. Hayes: Sure. Yeah. We think 2018, at least this is the way that I see it right now that we are going to continue to grow, certainly, where we want to grow, value-added versus commodity, both on Chicken and Prepared Foods. The Core 9, as you see, continues to do really well. The perimeter of the grocery store is doing fantastic. We benefit from that. And certainly, the products that we're focused on in foodservice, the focus five products, are doing very well in broadline distribution. So we just talked about prepared beef, looks to be good next year as it is this year just about as good. 5% is where we're saying we're going to wind up. Supply is looking very strong. Pork, I'd say, we'll benefit from livestock supply, very strong export markets, and we'll deal with more slaughter capacity which we talked about in the past coming on in the industry. Still above the normalized range is where we see it. So Pork feels good. Chicken will benefit from the move to NAE. Just announced today moving towards organic in July, and we'll have a better mix. So Chicken will be within the ranges the way that we see it today. And then just as we continue to drive the acquisition synergies, I feel great about where we're going to wind up longer term with Prepared Foods. So not necessarily coming in 2018, but that normalized range I think will become something for us to take a look at because the synergies, I think, are going to be exceptional, also revenue synergies beyond costs. So I hope that answers your question.
Thomas P. Hayes: Sure. Yeah. As you said, I think we had a really good quarter, but for the fires, which we don't look past. We are certainly focused on the root cause of those to make sure that that's not – so it's something (24:04) we can control it as part of our future. But Q2 ended up at 8.3%. The effect of the fires really put us in a situation where we felt like we had a great quarter running and that is not just the cost of the fires but also the volume that it cost us. That certainly impacted us. The other thing we haven't talked about much is that there was AI events during the quarter, which we just came in and out of I think with a very strong approach. So for the balance of the year I think we feel great about it in the middle of the normalized range between 9% to 11%. We expect our value-added to continue to grow, and that's both frozen and fresh, taking advantage of low-cost raw material, add equipment capacity, the capacity we just added this last year is almost full and we're in the process of adding more, our mix is improving, focused on reducing the cost structure. As I mentioned, the CII plan is continuing to drive continuous improvement, continuing to drive more and more focus on the right costs and getting waste out. And our Chicken business continues to improve or grow in the right areas. And I think we're going to see that continue to strengthen.
Thomas P. Hayes: Sure. Yes. I'll address that, Adam. We finished our strategic planning process as a company end of February, beginning of March time period. And part of that was to make sure that we had a razor-sharp execution of where we want to play in addition to where we don't want to play, and getting a better understanding of the role of our businesses in the portfolio, whether they're value-add or commodity. The discussion about AdvancePierre has been going on for some time, and as it relates to us being in a position after closing out our strategic focus, so it's clear to us that the perimeter of the store, convenience channel, being in proteins was something we wanted to continue to sharpen and play at a higher level. So for us, that acquisition certainly plays in all those spaces. So for us, it's about growth, growth continually. We certainly know that packaged food has had its challenges. And as we look to continue to invest in areas that consumers want, this became absolutely crystal to us, this was going to be a fantastic acquisition for Tyson. So the way to think about it, why now versus then, they've also – I mentioned this on the call when we talked about the AdvancePierre acquisition. Their team has done an amazing job of putting that company in a place where they have taken a lot of costs out. They've refocused on growth. They have continued to excel at practically everything that they're doing through a very disciplined approach. I'm really looking forward to having them join the team and help us in the areas that we don't have the prowess that they do. So for all the reasons that I mentioned, and hopefully the timing is explained there, I think this is going to be excellent for our shareholders.
Thomas P. Hayes: Sure. Ken, of course I won't talk about our peers, but what I will say is that this is not a brand-new thing for us. We talked about how NAE has been something that we've been working on. And as we continue to improve operations, it puts us in a position where we were able to go the final step. The cost structure is anything that would be impacting the cost structure, certainly in our guidance. But I would say that Noel White and Doug Ramsey and the entire team has been pushing aggressively just to get us in a position where we can execute NAE and make sure the cost structure is as good, if not better. Now so that is – what we've learned through the process is that it continues to make us better as we push ourselves. So I can't speak to peers necessarily in our industry, but I can tell you that for us, we feel great about our cost structure and great that we're going to be NAE across the retail brand in June.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. So a couple of things, Farha. One is we're not giving specific guidance as it relates to 2018 yet. What we're doing is telling you how we're feeling about how it's setting up. As it relates to 2017, the second half of our year looks to be within that range. And based on everything that we see now, we have improved our mix, we're continuing to do all the things that we want to do. But as it relates to the plant fires, that's going to be something that will be behind us. It's not any continuing expense. The team has done an amazing job putting us back in the right footing. But as we see it today, improving our mix, focusing on reducing the cost structure, taking advantage of the low-cost raw material environment, talk about our food capacity, all those give us the full confidence that between 9% to 11% is where we'll wind up for 2017.
Thomas P. Hayes: Sure, Heather. Like we said when we were talking at the CAGNY and otherwise, Q2 is always a little bit choppy, and you never know what's going to come at you, certainly as it pertains to beef; that's true. I would say that are our team has done an incredible job. Steve Stouffer and the team in our first meats group continue to execute against the fundamentals. And without commenting against our competition, I feel good about what our team does. 2017 continues to look strong for us. As we are in the Midwest, there should be more cattle coming to market for us. We believe the margins for this year, as we said, it will be at an exceptional level. Q1 was very strong. Q2 came back a little bit. But as it looks like Q3 and Q4, they have the potential to be very good. We certainly didn't have – it wasn't without some challenges, certainly, in Q2. It's been up and down from both a supply and demand standpoint. But what I'd say is, for us, just focusing on the fundamentals and making sure that we're driving the right thing that's what continues to set us apart from our view.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. I'd say that is the case, Heather, but we'll manage our business the best that we can for Tyson. And certainly, seems to be large supply products (37:12) coming 3% to 4% more head or so. What's nice is the demand for U.S. pork continues to be extremely strong. None of us see any signs of that slowing down. And exports have been incredible. So that for us, as long as that continues, that's going to put us in a good position. So sustained demand, great hog supplies, we remain in balance in our thoughts for this year. We're feeling good. And like I said on my a prepared remarks, 2018 is looking to be very strong above the normalized range, not as good as probably as high as 2017, but above the normalized range. And so that's the way that we see it.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes, so, Lubi, I would say that execution issue, the plant fires certainly are an execution issue, I guess, you could say, something that we don't certainly plan for. Tyson has been much less volatile, I would say, than the typical commodity player. Diversification of our product types, pricing models, reduced export closure really helps us stabilize margins. So, as we said, ex the fire cost, $0.04 EPS would have been added back. I think that would have put us in a great spot right within our normalized range. So the continued strong execution against our business is going to give us long-term EBIT growth. Where we will see some differences is the lack of volatility, and certainly, as it pertains to our business, that's what we play for.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah, certainly. We continue to be very focused on conversion of dark meat into, what I call, first-run products, that's something that the team has made tremendous progress against. And so those are a number of different forums to speak to your question directly. The 100% NAE on the Tyson retail brand will be up and running by next month. So we love that because it's making a lot of progress in a very consumer relevant area. It's a bit of (40:54) issue for, certainly, consumers, but we feel that, that is going to set us apart as the world's largest NAE producer of Chicken. Also, we talked about Nature Raised Organic, so that comes in July, but that is also going to be – it's a growing space. It's much smaller for sure, but it's a growing space for us and we feel like that's going to be an important development for Tyson. Just to wrap up with ground chicken, ground poultry, predominantly Turkey, is a $1 billion space. For us, we feel like we can play there and can play effectively. And so we're extremely excited about that launch as well, and that's all – all those things that we talked about at CAGNY are on track.
Thomas P. Hayes: Certainly. Certainly, Michael, there's been an impact. First off, I would say our hearts go out to those cattlemen for sure because, by some estimates, there were thousands of cattle lost in the storm, so we are very sensitive to that. And so we certainly want to make sure that we express that. Our plants typically have enough breadth and scale to adjust, and it looks like there's going to be certainly, some of – there has been some effect, there is some effect. Anything that we see today is built into our outlook. So again, tragic loss for the producers there, but for us we feel like we are going to be in a fine position going forward, and hopefully, something like that doesn't happen again.
Thomas P. Hayes: You're welcome. Two things, absolutely accretive. Second thing is it's going to put us in a position, as we look long-term, to look again at what our normalized range is for Prepared Foods, because that's going to be a tremendous margin business for us. But more so, just continue to come back to growth. We are acquiring a company that has been growing, is going to support our growth, not just in the convenience channel and in the retail store perimeter, but there are capabilities that we're going to leverage for our Tyson brand that we already have in the portfolio. So as we continue to make the most out of this, it will not be reinvestment in the brands per se that AdvancePierre has all over going to support those (44:06). It's going to be really focusing on the capabilities this brings to excite consumers against where they're headed. This is the reason why we did it. Thank you.
Thomas P. Hayes: Nothing's off the table in terms of margin upside. What I would say is, we're not going to sacrifice growth, we're going to continue to grow. So we want to make the right margins, we want to have affordable food, and we want it to continue to be growing, is what we're focused on, Ken. So, as it relates to the question on the synergy buckets, you got it right. Absolutely, it's going to come from both sides. We feel like, as we get through the integration process, we're going to find that AdvancePierre is going to make Tyson, legacy Tyson, better. The whole company is going to benefit. In terms of the specific areas, clearly, procurement, we see manufacturing, like I talked about, logistics for sure, so warehousing and transportation, clearly redundant overhead, with two publicly-traded companies. Too soon to disclose the exact size of that, but the synergies are coming from both businesses. And we are going to, on top of cost synergies, grow. So we feel very comfortable with the overall target. It's going to put us into a position of great confidence to improve the margin structure over time. And again, just emphasize, not to sacrifice growth.
Thomas P. Hayes: Thank you very much. Again, great questions. And I'll just say, again, we wrapped up an excellent first half at Tyson. We feel the second half is off to a solid start. We feel great about where we are now, and we're well positioned for fiscal 2018. And we'll continue to be as transparent as we can be on all the things that are going to help you value our company and we're really looking forward to this acquisition and making a great thing for you as investors and Tyson Foods' family. Thank you for your interest, appreciate it and have a good day.
Dennis Leatherby: Hi, Ken, this is Dennis. We are including AdvancePierre, but the way we think about it is more like one full quarter in our fourth quarter. We're not exactly sure in June when it closes. So it has a little bit of a impact there. But to be clear, it is in our forecast.
Dennis Leatherby: One thing I would call out, Ken, real quickly though, is, we will have merger and integration costs, and so we will separate those out.
Dennis Leatherby: As far as the synergies go on Hillshire, we initially started at $500 million, took it up to $700 million cumulatively. We backed it down to $675 million, simply because there is going to be some more carryover into 2018. So, again, think about $675 million on a cumulative basis and more than $700 million in 2018 and beyond.
Dennis Leatherby: That's a great question. As a reminder, last quarter, we talked about vacation and holiday pay and those kinds of things, the true up both companies and the cumulative number was about $58 million, and about 80% of that was more or less a one-time event, so call it $50 million or so. And then you're right, the plant fires would be in there as well.
Dennis Leatherby: So I'll come back to just kind of, Brett, tagging on to the question that Ken asked is that our margin is going to be also indicative of where we are planning to grow. So we are not going to have a margin structure that does not allow us to continue to grow and provide our products at the right prices. So for the range, I think, 9% to 11% is the range we feel comfortable about with having a growth profile. So delivering within that for the year, feel very strong about. And I will say that we are very bullish about what Chicken looks like for 2017 and for 2018, frankly. So, continuing to improve our mix, we're off to a very strong start in Chicken for Q3. May is traditionally the start of the grilling season. Margins tend to follow that. Inventories are in a good position. We're operating in a range that really puts us in line with our targets and the ability to continue to drive growth at those margin rates. That's what I'd say.
Dennis Leatherby: Certainly they have a very seasonal business as it relates to schools. And so some of that product will certainly flow through at the beginning of the school season, but then sort of into what would be our Q1. So we want to make sure that what we're doing is integrating this in the right way. And to be clear, Heather, we're not giving guidance right now. What we're talking about is how we feel about the business, and we feel like those margins are going to be certainly strong. But we have to learn more. So we'll be prepared in Q3 to talk more specifically about 2018 guidance. But the feeling right now is that, because their business does start to pick up during the school year, we got to see what that looks like as we get the two businesses together.
Dennis Leatherby: Heather, we're not going to talk about those sort of things here, but what I can say is that there is going to be some level of equilibration in the industry. We see that the segment, the Pork segment will still be above its normalized range for 2018. But the other thing we just haven't talked a lot about is the export demand. Export demand remains very strong, and that should benefit us. We are a preferred pork supplier, particularly to the Pacific Rim markets. There is a lot of questions, but I would say that for us, we feel good. We feel good about, certainly, 2017 and 2018 setting up a little lighter based on some of this capacity coming on, but we still think 2018 sets up well.
Dennis Leatherby: It's pretty close, Ken. The one thing you're missing is incremental depreciation and amortization. We haven't had that valuation work done. So we don't know what that number is, so that would take a little bit off. On the interest expense side, really it depends entirely upon when we close. So is it early June? Is it late June? That's the swing there.
