Donnie King: Thanks, Ken. This is Donnie. We expect it to -- in fact, we thought we would have already seen lower supply than what we are seeing right now. An interesting data point is that cattle and feed recorded over 12 million, had a record high from March 1. So there's a little bit of noise in that still. Drought conditions and grain costs are certainly impacting supply. But we -- as we said, we think in the back half of the year, we'll see the spread tighten in our Beef business. And -- but I would also point out that we think it will be much higher. In fact, we call it 6% to 8% on a normalized range these days. But it's holding up pretty good right now. And while we're -- it's not going to be a record back half, we think it will be a very good one.
Donnie King: Thanks, Adam. Let me say a few words, and I'll flip it to David Bray to add a few details. It was a year ago this quarter that I talked about the turnaround in Chicken, and in fact, talked about being at a 5% to 7% business. I will tell you, in this quarter, January, from a Omicron resurgence was painful across all of our businesses. But we've improved sequentially throughout the quarter. The back half of the year, in Chicken specifically, the thing that we need is greater volume, greater efficiency from the assets that we currently have. And we've announced a further processing plant that will come online next year that will add some incremental capacity. But our productivity program is working. We are becoming more efficient, and our volume is growing. And I would expect you to see that to continue to grow and develop over the balance of the year. I would tell you, in short, we're on point. And let me put it to David, and he can add.
Donnie King: If I could -- David, if I could add one more thing, Adam. On Friday, we closed on April -- by the way, it was a 5-day close, which is a new record, thanks to Stewart and Philip Thomas and the team. But in Chicken specifically, April was a good month. And Stewart referenced in his prepared remarks around 5%. I can tell you from the close that it's better than 5%. So I'll leave it at that.
Donnie King: Thank you, Ben. Let me hit a couple of points, and I'll flip it over to Noelle, and she can go into greater detail with you. And you saw in our statement, the first half was down. We had lower production throughput. Again, January was troubling with the Omicron resurgence, challenging labor. And we did have the sale of pet treats in the quarter -- or in the first half. We expect the volume to improve. Retail demand remained strong, and we had some uneven recovery in our foodservice business, meaning there are some spots, and I'll call them out specifically, and then I'll flip it to Noelle. In our pizza topping business, for example, it was softer than expected. Our Philly business was softer than expected, and our tortilla business was softer than projected. And with that, I'll flip it over to Noelle, and she can talk about the elasticities.
Donnie King: Peter, I'll make a couple of comments, and I'll pick it to Shane to make a couple. In our Q2, sales volume did increase. We had improved staffing and higher harvest weight. We talked a lot about the fact that we're buying a higher grade of animal, the process. Grades have improved significantly through the last couple of decades, and that continues to be the case for us. But as you pointed out, we're seeing a lot of help from our specialty products group, particularly in the fat and tallow area, our relationship with Jacobs Stearns that we've had there, we're able to take a lot of that product. And with the price of diesel and fuels, we're able to now to get some really bring value out of those products, and that's providing some tailwinds for us in our Beef business. But I'll flip it to Shane, and he can add a little bit more color to that.
Donnie King: Sure. There's a number of things going on there. We had the -- our hatch has improved. We're better than the average of the industry, for example, today. A year ago, we could not say that. So we have seen improvement there. We have also reduced our outside purchase of meat, and that's had a pretty significant impact on our overall volume, in Chicken specifically. We also -- if you'll recall, we had a fire in Huntsville, Alabama that impacted our volume. Not only of the rendered product that we produce ourselves, but on the ability to go buy that on the outside, that had a pretty significant impact as well. So those are kind of the top line things relative to volume. What I will tell you is we grew in the quarter. We grew in the first half. We didn't grow at the rate which we said -- and if you'll recall, we were -- we wanted to grow faster than the market, which we did but not where we want to be in terms of overall volume. And I'll let David touch on some of that.
Donnie King: Sure. Thank you. So in terms of productivity, I'll just start out by reminding what we said in our Investor Day. We said that from an operational and functional excellence perspective between now and '24, we would save $300-plus million. From a digital -- making -- applying digital throughout our supply chain was worth another $250 million, and automation was $450 million. What I can tell you to date is that we will deliver near $400 million in year 1. And each and every day, we identify new things that we can put on our tracker that will deliver better results. But I would want you to take away from this is that there's unprecedented inflation, inflation we haven't seen in generation, really. And so this is not just pricing for inflation. We're also doing everything we know to do to become more productive, a more efficient, a lower-cost producer. And as we say in our poultry business, we want to be top quartile or better in every place that we play, and we still got room to do that. So I'd tell you that we're on track. There are things like trucking fleet resources and optimization, we -- our procurement program to address total company spend and then gas and fulfillment. The debone automation projects that we have in poultry, they're progressing as planned. In fact, they're a little ahead of that. And so we feel good about that. But our future is going to -- one, we have a fair market value price in the marketplace; but two, we want to be among the very best in every place that we participate.
Donnie King: Thank you for that question. And I'll hit on a few points. For example, we realize -- fully realize that we have to create a desirable place to work. In fact, we talked about it in terms of being the most sought-after place to work. We realized that those team members that we have can work wherever they choose to work. And we want to give them a reason to work for us. I believe I said in the last call, it is not my objective to fix the labor problem in the United States. My objective is to fix the labor issues that we have at Tyson Foods, and we're doing that. And it's not a -- there's not a one thing that fits all the needs. For example, child care, you can talk about child care, and there's a subset of the population that, that is of value. And -- but there's also other areas where it's not. Transportation is more desired and needed in other areas. We have, in some rural communities, for example, the need for healthcare. So we created on-site or near-site health clinics that our team members and their families have access to little or no cost. And that's one opportunity for us to have a differentiated place to work. It's true, we continue to invest in wages and benefits in booster shots and booster clinics. We've done over 100 of those. And we think we're seeing a positive impact from those things. We're seeing improved absenteeism and turnover rates. We announced that we're going to support team members through non-profits to try to for legal citizenship support. And then 2 weeks ago, I think it was, we announced Upward Academy program. And we're going to spend $60 million over the next 4 years for education for our team members. That's master’s degree, bachelor's degree, associate’s degrees, live skills training, English, for example, whatever we can do to try to differentiate Tyson as a place to work. We are committed to that result. We, this past year, paid all of our team members at end of the year, thank you dollars. And we were happy to do that. Those team members we have are the lifeblood of this company. We don't do anything without them. And so investing in them, taking care of them, keeping them safe is our highest priority.
Donnie King: Thanks, Ken. I'll start off, and then I'll let Noelle, see if she wants to add anything. I think it's important that everyone here -- that we're pricing and trying to get a fair market value for our product in the marketplace. That's one avenue. But secondly, the one that's absolutely in our control is to be able to do what we do better as being best-in-class in operations. That's labor, that's yields, that spend, productivity, running lines at rate. And then let's not forget the fact that a location -- we all have 168 hours in a week. How do we run more hours in a week and get greater asset utilization of the assets that we currently have? And so we're looking at all those things. So I think productivity -- don't think it of it as something to offset inflation. Think of it as a way of life and who we are as a company. And it's the gift that -- part an expression, it's a gift that's going to keep on giving for us, and it will never go out of style for us. So with that, let me pause, and I'll let Noelle add some color to that.
Donnie King: Thank you, Ken. I will start off, and then I will flip it to Shane to add a little extra color. In terms of incremental capacity, competition makes us better. So we're not frightened by that. We welcome that. So -- but in terms of cattle supply, because of the drought and herd liquidation and a number of other things going on, I mean that -- it will have some impact on supply in the cattle out front. In terms of our business, so I think it's really important to understand that a cow is not a cow and the fact that we work with our ranchers and feeders and we buy a premium cattle. And that premium cattle, we pay more for it, but we also get a better cutout before it. And then we talked earlier about specialty products, particularly fast in oils and hides and the like and how that helps that whole cutout value. So we've had some really extraordinary margins over the last couple of years. We don't think that will maintain that level. It was a point in time and a shock to the system. However, we do believe that we will be in that 6% to 8% range on a go-forward basis because of some of those things that I talked about earlier. And with that, Shane, anything I've missed if you'd like to...
David Bray: Adam, thank you for the question. I think, first and foremost, what I do want you to hear is that we have made progress within the Chicken segment. But we also know that we have much, much more work to do, and we're focused against that. I would also tell you that we said that we would deliver sequential improvement throughout the fiscal year, and we have. We also shared that we would see improved volumes sequentially. And quarter-over-quarter, we have seen improved volume. And we also said that we would outpace the market for growth. And within the Q2 time frame, we did that as well. In Q2, our harvest head was up 2.9%, and our harvest volume was up 4.9%, which actually allowed pricing to gain share in the Q2 time frame of about 0.75 point. We've also improved our adjusted operating income and our AOI margins sequentially quarter-over-quarter, and this was the case whether we include or exclude any impacts of derivatives against our business. And so again, I would tell you, we're making progress. We have more work to do. We are focused, and our goal has not changed: to be the best chicken company as we focus on the levers of our business. We're continuing to work hard to staff our plants. And today, I would tell you the poultry segment is staffed to standard. We're continuing to work on servicing our customers growing our business and to drive overall operational improvements.
David Bray: Yes, I think just from the grain standpoint, despite what we're seeing from volatility in grain, the turnaround in Chicken is progressing as planned. And again, a large part of that is based off of our variable pricing structures. We're able to move much faster than we have in the past, and that's been a big benefit to us. Relative to avian influenza hub, yes, we are watching that closely, and it is always a risk within this business. But I would tell you that we mitigate that risk through the use of our biosecurity measures and that they are in place across all of our facilities right now. This includes testing every block that we have for AI before it leaves the farm. We are operating under heightened measures in some geographic areas of the country right now, and the heightened measures would basically be we're limiting the amount of people and trips that are taken to our farms as well as making sure that the people that do go to the farms are in clean vehicles, and we will continue to monitor that. To that, I would tell you that any bird loss related to disease impacts our growers, and it impacts our plants as well, but these have been relatively minimal to our business to date.
David Bray: Yes. I think one other comment to that is we have seen several weeks, 5 weeks, of continuous improvement within our live operations. And one big component of what's going to continue to improve for us is we are on track with the delivery of the new male into all of our farms. And so we feel very optimistic about that. It's a male that we know very well. With that, we will continue to see improved hatch rates within our facilities as well as improved weight gain across with the new male coming in.
Noelle O’Mara: Thanks, Donnie. So as Donnie referenced, demand really does continue to be strong driven by our strong brand equities and our diverse portfolio. And we do see that demand continues to exceed supply in a majority of our categories. We've made significant improvements in our labor vacancy rates. We expect to be back to prepandemic levels. In the second half, we also have investments coming online that we referenced in the prepared remarks on capacity. As Donnie referenced in foodservice, we are seeing a bit of uneven recovery. Overall, I would say it's showing momentum. Where we did see impacts is in January and February, where the Omicron variant surge had a brief negative impact as consumer mobility waned and foodservice traffic declined. This, along with some of the other dynamics from a labor perspective in the industry, slow recovery at the beginning of the year. But as we look at March traffic, the data shows that we are returning to pre-Omicron recovery levels as COVID cases drop back to a bit more normative levels. But broadly speaking, QSRs and stores continue to lead the recovery relative to other channels. We're also seeing great momentum in K-12 and continue to be optimistic in the overall recovery. And as referenced, we continue to make significant impacts on cost transformation. And so you'll continue to see a focus on that holistically for us across the business as we continue to improve labor, as we continue to expand our capacity, as we continue to invest in our portfolio and our leading brands and expect to deliver 8% to 10% ROS for the year.
Noelle O’Mara: So what I'd start by saying is, to your point, and you've heard this in the prepared remarks and Stewart emphasized as well that we had a better-than-expected first half really driven by the actions that we took on price to offset inflationary impacts, the improvements that we saw in labor, the cost transformation starting to come through as well as mix. As I referenced a few minutes ago, the demand expectations that we see continues to outpace supply. And with labor momentum and the capacity investments, we do expect volume improvements as we continue through the second half. We also anticipate continued foodservice recovery. As we look towards the back half on the inflationary side, we do continue to expect inflationary pressures through the back half, which is why it's sort of top of mind on the cost transformation efforts that Donnie just referenced. And so holistically, we're confident about the 8% to 10% ROS range.
Noelle O’Mara: Thank you, Donnie, and thanks for the question, Ken. So what we've talked about through Investor Day and as we've come together on these calls, we continue to believe in our confidence that this portfolio is a double-digit ROS business. And the foundations of those building blocks continues to be the same. Demand continues to be strong across retail as well as the expected continued foodservice recovery. As we look holistically, the top line acceleration will come from actions that we're taking to increase capacity both in our existing footprint as well as through expansion in our network, including step-change investments in automation that Donnie referenced. We're also taking significant actions to transform our cost base, and we'll continue navigating the increase of inputs with pricing to offset inflation as necessary. And so you do recognize that there is inflationary dynamics that we're mindful of as well as continuing to keep a very close watch on the elasticities as we go throughout the second half. But as we look holistically in terms of the strength of this business, the demand outlook, coupled with investments across our portfolio, mixed opportunities within the business, which includes organic discriminating investments as well as inorganic portfolio shaping and aggressive cost transformation, we're confident in our path to deliver sustainable double-digit margins. And then for the year, as we referenced, we do expect to be in that 8% to 10% ROS range.
