Donnie King: Okay. Well, good morning, Alexia. This is Donnie King. Let me start out with thanking you for the question and there is no surprise markets continue to be challenging. And they're challenging for everyone. I will tell you that we continue to execute our strategy and I would tell you we've had for the best execution in our Q3 we've had since pre-pandemic times.  In Q3, we saw a sequential improvement across all businesses, led by Chicken, as well as - led by chicken as we focused on our cost structure. We have aligned our supply to our demand as we pursue profitable growth. We are controlling the controllables across all businesses. I would tell you that, we're not surprised by beef and pork results. We expected it.  We are happy to report that we're winning with customers and consumers and gaining volume and dollar share. We are taking decisive actions, as we talked about this morning, right-sizing and modernizing our footprint, we continue to invest in automation, and digitalization. We continue to invest in our team members and their work experience.  We are pursuing growth in value-added and branded categories. In Chicken, behind the number one brand in Chicken, Tyson; in Prepared Foods behind Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm and Ball Park. We are number one in eight of nine categories we compete in retail. We hold number one or number two positions in most food service categories. And as I said this morning, we will continue to evaluate everything we do.  Tyson has been around since 1935, and I've been around since the early 80s, and we've seen many cycles before. We always come out better, stronger, and faster and we will this time, as well. That's said, we have more to do and we're excited about our future. Our leadership team and all 140,000 team members are aligned to maximizing shareholder value. That's a little bit of color.  Let me flip it over to Brady as he can speak to a little bit around the Pork and Beef business 
Donnie King: Sure, Ben, I'll add a few comments and I'll flip it to Wes to add a little more color. In terms of the plant closings, closing plants is never easy for anyone involved. In fact it can be gut-wrenching. But I would tell you with a great deal of gratitude and thanks to our team members, our family farmers and the communities impacted, we made those decisions.  And earlier today, we announced the closure of the four plants bringing the total to six this year. The facilities that we're closing, just to give a little color about them, they're typically smaller in scale and in need of major capital to make them viable. And so, that's an important detail and I’ll flip it over to Wes to give you a little color on the capacity. 
Donnie King: Sure. Thanks. Let me - in terms of the plant closures, as I said earlier, we're continuing to evaluate everything as we automate and modernize these assets. And so, we'll continue to look. I will tell you from an execution standpoint again, performance was much better in Q3 and a lot of momentum moving into Q4 in our chicken business.  We we're still growing with customers and we still have capacity to be able to do that going forward. So, but in terms of mark-to-market, I see it as well, we've talked about in a great deal at what the other options are for that in the business. Let me, let me send it over to John and let him add a little color about that. 
Donnie King: Sure. Let me let me start out and remind you that I said we were looking at everything and we are. And so, I guess, your question around why not look at beef and pork? And again, I would tell you we are looking at everything in terms of how it works across the board. Fundamentally, we are focused on executional excellence across all businesses and functions at Tyson, including that overhead and cost structure at our corporate facilities. And so, we're doing that well. I'm not saying - I'm not telling you that we're not looking at Beef and Pork, in the same manner that we have looked at Chicken. We're evaluating everything. And I think that's probably the biggest takeaway from that. But there was a – the first part of that there was a chicken component. 
Donnie King: Alright, thank you and thanks everyone for being with us today. As you've heard today, we're executing in the pace of macro headwinds and we're seeing early success demonstrated by the sequential improvement in Q3. I remain optimistic about our long-term outlook, our customers and consumers are behind us.  We're winning with both, while we remain focused on operational excellence and we will continue to combat the current environment by focus on what we can control, all in an effort to maximize value for shareholders. I'm very thankful for the hard work that our team members do every day to support these efforts.  As we continue to build a world-class organization positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us we remain confident that our strategy will deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. Thanks for your interest in Tyson Foods and we look forward to speaking soon. 
Brady Stewart: Sure. Thanks, Donnie. First of all, on the Pork – in our Pork business, I think it's important to break the Pork business into two different segments. First, as John and Donnie indicated in the opening remarks, we faced some challenges relative to the economics in the Pork business, specific with live operations. It's well documented that the pork industry is in the midst of a liquidation cycle right now.  We believe that the markets will in fact, take care of themselves. But over a half of our losses in the quarter were attributable to live ops and price discovery relative to live ops with some of our suppliers. Fresh pork on the other hand, the other half of that segment was impacted by the fire we had in Madison. And outside of that, we saw strong improvement in terms of operational execution in our Pork business.  We're excited about the team that we've assembled here in Springdale, and believe we have a bright future in front of us as we continue to execute on those operations. On the beef side, we will continue to focus on what we can control relative to you moving through this beef cycle. We're going to continue to align our supply with demand and drive value-added including Kids Ready to make sure that we continue to be closer to our customer and try to decommoditize that business.  Thanks for the question. 
Brady Stewart: Thank you, Alexia. We are encouraged by the sequential improvement in 3Q and especially in June. As we have much work left to do, but we're on the right path. And I think that's important to call out. We are controlling the controllables better than before and I mentioned earlier that the best I've seen in terms of execution since pre-pandemic. But let me flip that over to Wes and let him add a little bit more color on Chicken. 
Brady Stewart: Okay, thanks, Donnie. I think there's a number of things at play here that we will continue to evaluate as we as we learn more about these markets. And obviously, one of the biggest impacts relative to the supply demand equation that we've seen in the last several months is the Supreme Court's ruling on proposition 12. I think as a industry, we're still learning what total impact that has from a supply demand perspective.  I think it's somewhat difficult right now to totally forecast with great accuracy. How that all plays out, coupled with the fact that, as I referenced earlier, we're in the midst of a sell liquidation, cycle as well in the industry. We're going to continue to monitor these macroeconomic factors that impact our business.  But let me be clear, we have the opportunity to continue to control the controllables, continue to use our footprint with our case ready and value-added assets to get closer to the consumer. And I feel good with the team that we have here in Springdale who stood up to manage the Pork business and are seeing significant operational improvements in that business. 
Brady Stewart: I would say this, John As one final thought. As we think about Chicken and you mentioned John, that chicken would recover faster and I think that's all true. But I think if you look at the chicken business today versus where we were just a quarter ago, there are more tailwinds than headwinds in the chicken business in the near to long term here. 
Brady Stewart: Thanks, Benjamin. This is Brady Stewart. Appreciate the question. As Donnie just indicated, we're evaluating our business in totality. And first and foremost, really, I think we need to unpack those pork results back into the live and the actual fresh pork segments that roll up to the specific BEU. I'm going to speak specifically to our plants and operations from the fresh pork perspective. Very comfortable with our strategy moving forward obviously from a impact perspective, we're focused on everything from our expenses and expense structure that we have within our assets.  The efficiency of our assets we have plans in place to make sure that we focus on better efficiency within those assets. And then obviously, traditional price yield and mix matrices that really provide us the opportunity to maximize the margins and our opportunity to go to market. So, that's the approach we take. We feel very comfortable with the team we have in place. We will feel very comfortable with the strategy that we have in place. I feel very comfortable from an operational execution perspective that we're making strides and improvements in that particular segment. 
Brady Stewart: As Donnie indicated earlier, we literally are evaluating everything. And that's both asset utilization, along with how we frame our strategy and our business moving forward. And we're comfortable with our approach as we move forward. 
Wes Morris: Yeah, sure. I am too encouraged by the sequential improvement, the team is focused on what they do day in and day out. And we've seen a big step change in improving yields, labor efficiency, line efficiency, and spend. And at the same time, we've seen great improvement in order fill and on-time delivery. 
Wes Morris: Yeah, Ben. I would answer it simply this way. We're moving our existing sales to more efficient assets and so, no material change in volume in any way, shape, or form and excess of 90% once implemented. 
Wes Morris: Yeah, Michael, I think just as a reminder, we talk about it often that where our demand backwards slaughter production organization. And so, when you look at our customer forward demand curve, plus the business we picked, we're literally gaining momentum on both sides right sizing capacity and growing at the same time. 
John Tyson: Hey Ben, this is John, if I can just add in a little bit because I think you're trying to ask what the impact on these moves. So, you heard Donnie talk about adjusting the need for capital investments in some of the older facilities. We see that as a benefit with these moves. I think, number two, we're talking about taking out around 10% of harvest capacities, which puts our asset utilization when all things are said and done of closer to that 90%, out of the low 80s.  And not just talking about the asset closures, but when you think about the asset closures, the NAE to NAI, HM moves and some other operational changes that we're making, we talked a lot about in last year around on mix et cetera, we would expect somewhere around a $200 million runrate uplift from those moves.  And so exact to when all that comes to fruition in the end of ‘23 and ‘24, we can't pay it all in one day, but that's kind of order of magnitude what we're talking about here. 
John Tyson: Hey, Peter, just regarding your question on the Outlook, I think there is couple of things. So, you did know, right, just on what the implications are with our guidance ranges on the balance of our ‘23. And, we base that on dynamic market conditions. We're obviously being is as intentional and aggressive as possible and trying to balance that supply and demand to manage the spread.  But knowing what we know today that's where things sit. As we think about ‘24, we expect to give you guidance in November as has been customary for us in the past kind of annual cycles. But as it relates to making any projections looks like. As we move into the fall, we will start to see some data around where pasture conditions were, what are the herd numbers looking like? What is the cow harvest? And I think from there, at that point on in time, we might be able to make better projections about what ‘24 and ‘25 look like. And so I think that's probably as much as we can tell you on that today. 
John Tyson: Yeah, I think there were two questions in there. One around the impairments and one around the mark-to-market program. I think on the hedging program, look, we, we manage that - try to manage for margin with for ourselves and as part of our relationship with our customers. We're always evaluating how we can do things different and better and recognize that they can create a little bit of noise in the numbers. But at this point in time, we don't have any plans to change our approach on how we do that.  So that's number one. And then on the impairment, I think it's just worth pointing out there were goodwill impairment in our chicken business in our Q3. But as it relates to these asset closures, the details of those charges would come through in our Q4 and we will give a little more clarity on that as relates to the asset impairments, and the one-time cash cost, which all continue to get work through as we work through the details with the quarter. 
John Tyson: Yeah, and I think I would point out to a couple of things there. So, first off, we talking about the sequential improvements in operational execution. And more or less, you haven't seen market condition materially change quarter-to-quarter. So, I guess, we just do emphasize that as a proof point that we're talking about execution, but holding the external data mostly static we're starting to see that come through.  And you did picked up correctly on the 200 is kind of a run rate number. And again, when we talk about making the same amount of food in a smaller footprint, we do have some - we have confidence in just what that cost elimination means from an overall probability. But we obviously are subject to where commodity markets move on both the input and the market side.  So, recovery there helps us as it does everyone in the industry. So, we kind of focus on what's in our control and I think beyond, what I've just said is probably too early to issue any numbers for ’24. Will give a look at that when we get to the November call. So, hopefully that's somewhat more helpful than what you're looking for. 
John Tyson: Yeah. And I also want to add and emphasize on what we already talked about. But I don't remember exactly how you asked your question. But something to the fact of hey, what's difference right now, we are looking backwards. And it's worth pointing out, I think we've taken pretty meaningful steps to get the cost structure back in balance that includes the two closures back in the March time frame, the NAE move that we've talked about, as well as these additional ones.  So I think just pointing to that as evidence and then, when you look at quarter-over-quarter market conditions are the same. We're delivering on the operational execution. There are multiple proof points in the last, call it nine to 12 months that I think we are and we believe are indicative of the trajectory on this business. 
John Tyson: Yes. I think the specific question was comparing chicken to beef here. And how do you think about that? I think, look, there's multiple factors that go into making decisions like this. Asset efficiency and projected capital requirements are a big driver here. And when we talk about poultry today and we just think about the older kind slower less efficient assets, compared to where we're moving the birds, we see that as a big uplift. And we make those same kind of evaluations across the whole network if that would make the comparison there?  I think the other thing to point out, we've talked about this on previous calls. We are in this kind of special moment of facing headwinds in chicken, pork and beef segments. The recovery time line on each of those is different. We would expect to see chicken recover most quickly, pork is a little different and then, the beef cycle and those dynamics, I think are well documented. So it's just worth recalling attention to that we've discussed before. 
John Tyson: Hey, this is John. I'll take that question. Let me talk a little about CapEx and just kind of maybe some other related matters on the balance sheet and leverage. So, I think, first off, we have tared back, the CapEx kind of quarter-over-quarter we’ve been managing the spend throughout the year and we feel good about that.  Based on our guidance today, you would expect to see about $500 million in Q4, which just worth pointing out that’s still above what has been a historical annual run rate for US of about $1.5 billion. We are targeting to get to that $1.5 billion spend annually. And I think it would be premature to say where the ‘24 number lands but safe to say that we're trending in that direction.  I think, it's also worth just taking a second to talk about where we are with leverage and because capital obviously capital spend, obviously influences that. I think, the headline for us is, we're sitting on a sound balance sheet. And that's really a product of the capital allocation choices we've made through the last few years where we're really focused on kind of preserving a good financial position, targeting at or around that two-time, leverage number for the long term.  So, leverage has increased with where profitability been on LTM basis. But I think overall, we feel good about where we are from being able to managing capital spend standpoint and everything else that we've got going on. We’ve made a couple moves, just tried to be tighter on working capital. We pulled that down about $100 million in inventory this quarter just despite what's going on in the market.  So, I think overall, capital spend, working capital efficiency, all in line with long-term leverage number have been, we're comfortable with where we sit today. 
John Tyson: And maybe I could add one additional thing to that, there's been a lot of conversation this morning about capital and what is that going to be going forward. But we obviously talked about the assets that we’re closing. I think that what you may not understand is how all those fit together and so maybe I can help with that.  A couple of years ago, we have eat up intentionally in capital to get ourselves in a position to have capacity, specifically, more value-added branded type capacity. And so, that's where a lot of the extra spending above and beyond $1.5 billion. I think it's also important to link the plant closures that we talked about with a reduction in the capital that we're going to spend for the balance of ‘23 and probably what that looks like in ’24.  That work is done today and these assets were shuttering would have required a significant capital in order to make them competitive. And if you look at the returns on those that did really didn't make sense to do that. But I would tell you, in terms of Chicken specifically in the capacity, with even with the 10% reduction, we're just over 90% capacity and we still have room to grow with the customers and as the market grows. 
