Donnie King: Thank you, Ben, for that question. The turnaround that we’ve talked about for the last year now continues. And I’m pleased with the progress that we’ve made and said that in the script. We still have work to do, grain and the volatility around grain, supply, demand, so forth, still exists out there. But the demand for chicken is extremely strong. Demand for ready-to-eat chicken, for example, is very strong. And we’re at capacity as it relates to that. We are investing and have a new asset coming on line early next year, and that will obviously be a help. But the business did grow. And there’s a lot of noise in this particular quarter around the Hanceville fire in Q4 of ‘21 that we’ll work through. But the thing I want you to hear is that our harvest rates continue to improve, and there will be over -- there’ll be $40 million or so in Q4, and it will continue to grow from there. But I want to stop and pause at that point, and I’m going to pass it to David Bray, and David, if you’d like to add some more color.
Donnie King: We still are maintaining our guidance for the segment to 11% to 13% for the full year. I think our number was 10.2%. The cost increases we’re seeing on cattle are certainly impacting the spread. And we’ve been talking now for a number of periods about the fact that there were going to be fewer cattle. I think we’re current now from the cattle that we’re involved in the backlog of COVID. We’re current on that. The prices of those animals have continued to increase. And so, there’s drought and all those kind of conversations. But let me flip it over to Shane, and I’ll let him give you some color around beef.
Donnie King: Yes. I’ll just reiterate what I said before, Ken, is, for the full year, 11% to 13%, we’ll see this move to, let’s call it, 6% to 8% as we’re in Q4, the latter part of Q4. And then over time, let’s talk ‘23, we’ve been saying for a couple of quarters now that we see that being a 5% to 7%, which is lower than where we’ve been over the last couple of years, but versus the historical level, what we would be seeing there is very much in line with what we’ve built into our modeling and what we would anticipate.
Donnie King: Based on what was quoted in the prior call, USDA is reporting a 1%, maybe a flat to I think that’s probably realistic. I think our demand is going to be stronger than that as we go into ‘23. And from a beef perspective, with the herd liquidation, there’s going to be fewer -- there’s going to be fewer cattle in the harvest. And you’re going to have more and more packers chasing those heads, particularly the -- those which have better genetics that grade better that provide additional revenue and margin opportunity. And so that’s going to become very tight. And as we move into ‘23 and even into ‘24, beef is going to see some -- you’re going to see some higher cutouts and higher-priced cattle in the marketplace.
Donnie King: Okay. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining our conference call today. We have a powerful and diverse portfolio across proteins, channels and geographies, improving operational efficiency and a team that is positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. For these reasons, we are confident we will maintain strong volume and profitability in the short term and have future long-term growth ahead of us. At Tyson, we’re focused on making food affordable, accessible and nutritious for our customers and consumers around the world. Thanks again for your interest in Tyson Foods. We look forward to speaking to you again soon.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I would just say, Ben, I mean, there’s probably a few more moving parts than that. Of course, you’re looking at all parts of the business to get to flat. But of course, you’re right. I mean, the divestiture is one of those things.
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I’ll just pick up the margin point quickly, and then Noelle can expand on some of the other pieces. But just look from a margin perspective, as I said, we are going to come in at the low end of the range. That gives you a little bit of flex. Certainly, that means that we would just mathematically would be in the high 7s or low 8 for Q4.
Stewart Glendinning: Sure, of course. Well, look, first, I mean, we’re very pleased with the strength of our balance sheet. When you look at our leverage levels, we haven’t seen leverage levels like these since 2011, that sort of time frame. So, we’re pleased with having come through COVID and put ourselves in a place where we’ve got a rock-solid balance sheet. With respect to the capital allocation, our capital allocation approach, we’ve got a very good balanced approach. And that is strengthening our balance sheet, which we’ve done investing in our business, which you pointed out. We have ramped up our spend on CapEx, and that is good spend because it’s coming in at strong returns. And it’s helping to grow our business. And then, of course, your question really about why don’t we go to the share buyback, I mean, last year, this time, we spent about $50 million on buybacks. This year, we’ve got almost $700 million. And part of that is catching up on the dilution that we had from last year. So, we’ll see how that goes, but we’re very pleased with where we are from a balance sheet standpoint.
Stewart Glendinning: Ben, Stewart. Just want to add one thing there. Don’t overlook in David’s model, the leverage that you’ll get from the increased volume. So you see them going up to 40 million birds this quarter. Every time he adds to those birds, they’re not coming at any increase in fixed costs. That’s already been paid for. And that’s going to be helped as P&L.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Maybe just to build on that, I think as Noelle focuses on recovering some of that foodservice volume, and I guess busy with the merchandising that she was talking about, again, you’ll start then to see that she has the potential to gain volume and to start gaining back some of that fixed cost deleverage.
Noelle O’Mara: Sure. Thanks for the question, Alexia. As I look at our prepared performance holistically, top line remains strong behind disciplined revenue management actions and profit is above prior year’s. Pricing and productivity are partially offset by the cost of good increases. And as referenced, our prepared volumes on an organic basis are down about 5.5% year-to-date. And it’s really three key focus areas. The first is supply. We continue to not be able to fill all of the orders that we have across our portfolio. And as capacity continues to come on line and as we improve our supply capabilities, it will allow us to not only improve availability but also merchandising that’s been suppressed. And so, you’ll see as those improvements continue to take shape in Q4, us investing back in merchandising. The second area is really around pricing. And as Donnie referenced -- well, elasticity are better than historical lows, they still are impacting the business. And given the macroeconomic environment, we’re ensuring that we provide a breadth of value offerings across our portfolio, and you’ll see us launching items focused on opium price points as well as larger sizes that can provide consumers value. And then, the third area is really foodservice recovery. And we’re focused on not only getting back volume that we lost during the pandemic, but also driving portfolio offerings in many solutions that align to the operator and consumer needs. So, what I feel good about is we have categories that continue to outpace total food and beverage. We have a portfolio of leading brands and a focus on continuing to innovate and meet our consumer and customer needs in an obviously a very dynamic environment. And despite the continued market challenges, I’m expecting volume growth in the coming quarter is driven by the improved supply, the commercial investments in merchandising and innovation and continued food service recovery.
Noelle O’Mara: As we look at private label performance, we don’t see any acceleration as we look at the past couple of periods. Where we do see share pressure in our portfolio, we also see the availability of merchandising lagging versus prior year. So, that’s why going back to our focus is on supply, our focus is on driving that volume so we can get back to the availability levels as well as the merchandising performance in the quarters ahead.
Noelle O’Mara: Just to build on Stewart’s comment. So, when you look at industry forecasts, we do show a slowdown in ‘22. However, the industry is still expected to rebound by 2025. And this unevenness of recovery’s due to two things, the macroeconomic landscape as well as mix shifting between channels. So, we see that, as Donnie referenced, with improved consumer mobility and comfort eating out, we see an increase in on-premise dining and a slowdown in some of the quick service restaurants that had originally led through the recovery. We’ve specifically seen some slowdown in our tortillas and pepperoni business that index against our commercial chain accounts. And we gave up some of the volume through the pandemic because of the spike in the demand. And so, we’re not only focused on getting back volume, but also, as I referenced, innovating and partnering with customers to ensure that we’re leading through the overall recovery.
Noelle O’Mara: Sure. I can take that. So, our building blocks remain the same. Just taking a step back, we play in attractive categories. We have leading share positions in those categories. Top line growth will come from the actions that we’re taking to increase capacity into investments in innovation and continued equity building. We’ll continue to have disciplined revenue management and cost transformation to drive our bottom line. So, while I expect a continued dynamic marketplace, I believe we have the right building blocks in place and our path to deliver the sustainable double-digit margins.
Noelle O’Mara: I think you covered it well, Donnie. To your point, we have made significant traction from a labor perspective as we think about automation within our facilities, digitization, the complexity reduction and flexibility that we’ve created in our network. And so, all of those improvements are leading to a better supply picture as we’ve continued to progress through this year and as we are expected to progress through Q4 next year.
Shane Miller: Yes. Ken, good morning and thanks for the question. Yes. So, to Donnie’s point earlier, we, as an industry, have moved through the backlog of the COVID impact and the harvest disruptions from COVID. We are still experiencing drought, and I’d say the drought impact is still impacting over 40% of the regions where we grow cattle out in this country. So, the drought is real, and it’s still having an impact today. I think getting precise and specific on the timing of when it’s going to flip is awfully difficult to do because we’re dealing with mother nature right now. But I would say, if you look at beef demand in general, we continue to see real robust demand, not just in the United States, but globally. So, we feel real good from a demand perspective. The quality of beef that we’re still bringing to the marketplace is historically strong. Grading continues to maintain a high level. So, from a demand perspective and a quality perspective, we feel real good about this. But as to getting precise on the timing of when that’s going to flip, I think that’s awfully difficult to do.
Shane Miller: Yes. So Ben, this is Shane. I think the way I would characterize it is as we’re -- this year, we’re in the 11% to 13% range for fiscal year ‘22. And as we transition to less numbers and back to the prior conversation around trying to pinpoint exactly when this has flipped, it’s like trying to predict the weather right now. So, it’s awfully difficult to do that. I would say it’d be more of the midterm. We believe over time -- to Donnie’s earlier point, over time, we’re going to be trading somewhere in the 5% to 7% returns in our Beef business. And we think about it in a couple of ways to, as you think about how we’re decommoditizing this business is the quality aspect that I mentioned earlier. We’re partnered with some of the best cattle feeders in the world. And when you look at this global demand, it’s going to continue. And we’re not able to service all of that today because of some of the disruptions at the ports that we’re dealing with. And having the ability to value up these components through our case-ready business through Prepared Foods and then also through our International business unit is an additional pro that this company has. So, we feel like we’re going to be scaling into that here as we go through the next 12 to 18 months.
Shane Miller: Yes. So, thanks for the question. Similar to the comments I just made, it’s -- we are still seeing quite a bit of cattle liquidation. To add a little more color to that, you haven’t seen a hype of retention yet really start to build back. So if you think of the time line to building back the cap crop and so forth. It’s going to be a 2- to 3-year cycle. And then, in respect to the 5% to 7% comment, we feel like we’re in a good spot. I mean, unfortunately, we can’t control mother nature and the drought conditions we’re dealing with here. But there’s still further liquidation, I think that’s going to occur and trying to pinpoint exactly when that finishes up and we start to see more half retention is awfully challenging. The most recent cattle on feed numbers would show the third highest amount here as of July 1st. So we have plenty of cattle in -- here today that are going to take us through the balance of this quarter, obviously, and then into our fiscal -- excuse me, Q1 of fiscal ‘23. But in respect to overall, the 5% to 7% range, I still feel good about where we’re at.
Shane Miller: So, a couple of things there. So first and foremost, within Q4, I would say we are on track with our expectations. What we’ve done through the course of FY22 is make a lot of changes within our business related to mix. And the industry from that standpoint, has had strong favorability because it’s been tied to a big bird debone breast meat market. As you know, Tyson does not operate in that, and we’re continuing to shift towards what is more of a value-added standpoint. As we think about benchmarking versus our competition, we are making progress. And the biggest piece of that, Robert, is us getting our volume back in our facilities. And we’ve spent a lot of time talking about being 37 million head and growing that to 40 million head during the Q4 time frame will put us in a much stronger position as we work to close out this year.
Shane Miller: So, I would tell you -- so from a chicken standpoint and especially as we enter into the Q4 time frame, what we’re seeing from a demand standpoint in both foodservice and retail continues to be strong. And our customer orders continue to outpace our ability to fill them. And again, with additional volume coming through, we will be in a much better position to service our customers, but we anticipate strong demand in both retail and foodservice to continue.
Shane Miller: Well, we will grow in excess of that next year. So, we will be driving a lot of share within the industry next year, as we continue to increase our head. I think there is an opportunity for chicken to be very strong from a demand standpoint as we go into ‘23.
