Donnie Smith: So, David, so we modeled our ’15, Chicken performance using several models and I’m very confident in our ability to deliver’15. So if you take advantage -- if you look at not only our brand leadership in fully cooked and in the fresh, I have and Cornish categories at retail, plus our leadership in food service. We’ve got a great broad balance portfolio. On top of that, we’ve made a lot of improvements in our sales mix. I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we’ve got great growth in tray pack. We are going to have the FT capacity in place to be able to take advantage of food processing business that we think will come our way in food service. We’ve got a great innovation pipeline. We’ve made a lot of operational improvements and we will continue to see benefit from our capital and investment. So if you look at that balanced portfolio, our pricing structure and these other factors, we’ll deliver ’15.
Donnie Smith: That’s a great question. It appeals frankly both our food service and retail to a different consumer segment than what is broadly addressed by most of our portfolio today, which is great news for us. We’ve got a tremendous innovation engine and I think with our capabilities in our discovery center and our ability to drive innovation, I think we are advantaged in the ability to capture that. I would also add that our live production team is about as good as there is in the industry, when you look at benchmarking, they are actually. When you look at benchmarking, they are best in the industry, which I think gives us an advantage in what might be considered a little bit more challenging live production environment. So, I feel good about our opportunity to continue to capture on that in the future. Our NAE line, which we launched what May, a year ago or little further, we doubled it since the launch and our growth continues. We are adding more and we are adding about 100,000 birds a week to that business next month. So we continue to see growth and we continue to use our supply chain to fill those needs.
Donnie Smith: Okay. So two things you should expect. Number one, with increased supply that will likely also improve, besides the prepared foods piece which would come later maybe Q4, Q1, Q2, that’s -- Q1, Q2 of '16, that I think you should expect improvement in the back half in our Pork segment. So I think there we will have a double advantage if you will inside of our portfolio. But I would say you are absolutely thinking about it right about in improvement in the raw material structure underneath our Prepared Foods business. And at the retail brands, we are using our marketing support to position ourselves very well to take advantage of that.
Donnie Smith: Okay. Got it. So as we mentioned on the call, Q2 is always a bit challenging and we kind of made the right comments about that. We will see the improvements back-half loaded. You will see the run rate in Prepared Foods accelerating through the year and taking that momentum into '16. And so it’s still early in the year, so we are maintaining our current guidance at $3.30 to $3.40, but there is some things that play that could certainly advantage that.
Donnie Smith: So as we talked about in New York, we have a very balanced portfolio between the bird classes, the tray pack size, small bird, big bird, and the other sizes. So that tells coupled with the pricing structures that we’ve worked with our customers on in the last couple of years. So now we have this balanced portfolio. We’ve got a very good balance of pricing structures and mechanism, some that are tied to the market, some that aren’t. And remember we correlate a lot closer to the whole bird market values than we do to breast meat values. Now one other thing that might help is we do have and I am going to say X percent of our portfolio that is subject to, I will call it market pricing. But we also have X percent of our portfolio, that’s very balanced to that that we found on the outside market. So when the price goes down, only the portion of our portfolio that we sell based on market prices. We did a commensurate benefit in the different part of the portfolio from the lower cost of buying that raw material. And, hey, add on top of that, we have a great brand presence, number one at retail food -- which we are rebuilding that category and we are number one is fresh tray pack, we are number one is [indiscernible], we are number one in Cornish. We have a leading brand in foodservice. So you add all of that together and our buy versus grow strategy positions us well to take advantage of this.
Donnie Smith: What I was expecting was we had that gap because people took us last season that they didn’t take this season and I expected that to level off after January and that has not happened. So that 3% type number has continued.
Donnie Smith: Frankly, we’ve model past that and still with our pricing structures and the balance of how we go to market, we are still in good shape as supply increases above what a 3% access might indicate. Our buy versus grow strategy is we care a lot more about how much chicken we sell than how much we grow. And if you look at the last three weeks, we are over a 1 billion slaughter pounds. So since the beginning of the year, slaughter has increased something on the order of 7%. And if you look at particularly front half, I think wing standards and breast meat, that’s up 15%. So there is every indication that demand is more going to offset the supply increases.
Donnie Smith: Yes. We have we call those fixed margin contracts and we have and I won’t necessarily mention the bird types, but we are having particularly two of our classes of business. We have extended those types of contracts fairly dramatically so that that raw material cost doesn’t impact our margins. Now in super high commodity price margins like maybe we saw last summer, we gave up a little bit we know that, but we want to have stable consistent earnings growth which we are displaying now and using our buy versus grow strategy, our pricing models and certainly our innovative capability to continue to perform well for our customers. That’s how we are going to continue to stable earnings growth.
Donnie Smith: Yes, that’s correct. It’s the changing like $400 million I think. We originally when we went into the year thought we would have about $450 million plus maybe benefit. And so far, it’s only about $400 million, but that is in our cost of goods. And frankly, some of that does weak in pricing.
Donnie Smith: Good question. So in the Prepared Foods segment, the raw material impact was $83 million. The synergy capture was captured in Q1. It's not a run rate. It's captured in Q1. And I think $55 million of the $60 million was in the Prepared Foods segment. So think about it this way, in the first half -- I think we mentioned this at Investor Day that we typically in Hillshire locked in supply -- raw material supply for about six months. So we've got -- call it in our Q1, we've got that pretty high cost raw material in the summertime in the cost of goods. It's going to be about $140 million or so impact in the front half of our fiscal year, but then we get relief in the back half of the fiscal year. So another part of the improvement that we saw some in Q1, it will get more prevalent in subsequent quarters, is we closed these plants and we've taken back production and put it into other plants to increase our capacity utilization. Demand is up. Demand has been strong. All of our brands -- I mentioned we grew sales in eight of nine categories and share in five of nine categories. We connect -- we need to look at so. I feel very good about our building momentum out forward.
Donnie Smith: So I’ll start at the back and work my way to the front. It’s a bit too early although we have teams now that are beginning to action projects that will affect us in ‘16 and ‘17. So we’re coming into a bit more clarity but we’ve still got open project. We’re still building projects that will affect us in ‘16 and ‘17. So it’s just a little bit too early for us to comment on that. On ‘15, the operational improvements in the legacy Prepared Foods business were a bit more than we were expecting. They came a little earlier. And frankly we’ve got some purchasing synergies in Q1 that we were expecting to see a little bit to see until probably maybe Q2 or Q3. So I feel comfortable we’ll be better than the $225 million. It’s a little too early to call because the over delivery in Q1 which really pull in forward some benefit that we had originally expected to get in Q2. So I hope that helps.
Donnie Smith: Even though I think you’re right. It's probably going to take a long time -- why don't we just take this one off-line.
Donnie Smith: Prepared Foods is front-loaded raw material cost that we’ll recover in the back half and we’ll take. The margin improvement will improve sequentially quarter-over-quarter through our year and take that momentum then into ‘16. So we’re very optimistic about start -- how we started and have some possible tailwinds to make and maybe even a little better than we’re calling it today.
Donnie Smith: No, no, no. Actually our Q1 was slightly over planned, not by much, but it was slightly over planned.
Donnie Smith: Sure. So two things I’m concerned about -- no, hey not -- don't be taken when I use the word concern that it changes our guidance in anyway. But this West Coast port slowdown is now starting to back up a little bit in meat. We’re starting to see some cuts like plates and that type of thing going into grinding meat. We’re not there yet but we’re starting to see ground beef products has dropped a little bit. Now, we’re getting some fairly encouraging news release we did in the front end of the week about a possible resolution. But that is going to be a little bit of a logistics of evil probably for the next one to six weeks, two months, something like that. Now I don’t see that frankly impacting our margins because as the cutout drops, that will give -- those are spread businesses, beef, pork or spread businesses and that will frankly move into livestock. So now if you look at chicken, that kind of picture on beef and pork. If you look at chicken, we are starting to see softness in jumbo leg quarters. We’ve got the banned -- China has banned now because they have problems on the West Coast. We have had in Europe. Russia is not taking any U.S. leg quarters. And so there has been a repositioning of leg quarter movement. The small and medium prices really haven’t changed very much. They are still hanging around this 40-ish stock number but recent trade has been jumbo leg quarters for that plus down period, probably slightly below $0.30 a pound. So we have all that factored into what we’re talking about. And we dramatically reduced our exposure to leg quarters. And there are some internal offsets in -- like the fuel prices that we experienced in our live production area and feed hall that kind of thing. First, we dramatically increased our production in boneless dark meat. And that’s the category that’s growing both at food service and retail. So we continue to shift our leg quarter mix into boneless category. Hope that’s a pretty good color.
Donnie Smith: So seeing casual actually grow traffic for the first time since the recession is a very good sign. You are right. QSR is leading the growth. Frankly, if you take out one large QSR, QSR grew by 3.6%. So there's a lot in that. It's interesting to note in food service that you're seeing the younger brands outperform the more mature brands. So that's an interesting dynamic that we'll be able to take advantage of. So one other thing, I mentioned off-site. We have a very strong presence in deli and retail and that business is very, very strong. We are seeing like 3.5% growth in deli. You are seeing lodging and these other off-site categories grow by 3.5%, so where we have, by the way, a very strong presence. So we’re very optimistic about that -- we don't have that QSR promotional order today but we're in a lot of conversations. And we still think that ground beef prices are going to be relatively high and food services going to want to promote chicken this year, so we feel really good. By the way, that also plays a bit to our advantage in our buy versus grow strategy. And we've got -- we'll have four incremental FP lines in production by late spring. So we're ready. Last year we gave up some promotions because we just didn't have the capacity to do them. This year we can do them.
Donnie Smith: Yeah. I wouldn’t say, we’re out of position, I would say that cattle availability while it was in our area. Cattle continues to move to the Midwest to be fade, just because of the freight rates that it takes to get the corn outside of the corn belt. So cattle continue to move toward us. I think, probably, we put some cattle forward. When I look it and the reason I say that, when I look at how quickly cattle prices responded to market signals in Q1, it told me they were in pretty strong demand. And now when you look at this last cattle on a feed report, it indicates to me that some cattle did get pushed forward, which is probably going to help us in the latter part of Q2 and certainly, going into the spring. And the front half is always weaker than the back half, and we tend to look at our cattle business not quarter-to-quarter but throughout the season. So it may have moved a month or two versus what we would have thought, but we are well -- we were well-positioned to take advantage of it. I mentioned, our index has improved versus we keep a index of our performance versus the USDA numbers and we did improve. So that’s what I’m looking for.
Donnie Smith: For expense reason it will put some. But typically, if you look at the per capita consumption data, per capita consumption of pork is relatively flat and we export about 25% of the pork that we produce. That’s little bit of concern on the West Coast now. But in general that’s the global demand for proteins, for pork particularly continues to grow and so we'll export more. And like I said, the prices have dropped to offset the increase in the value of the dollar. So it's not so much a pork versus chicken story as it is a beef versus chicken story and beef prices are going to remain relatively high. Plus don't forget, as pork prices drop, in our portfolio, we get an offsetting benefit or an additional benefit in Prepared Foods that might offset any softness in chicken prices, for example, that type of thing.
Donnie Smith: Sure. So you're right. We will be able to continue to drive our profitability. And the real reason behind that is we’re continuing to support the innovation that we have in the marketplace today. We’re building for more innovation in the back half of our year and kind of extending into some other categories, so that's going to continue to help. And I believe what we have seen and as we have entered the year, we're exactly on plan with where we thought we would be. And by the way, we're going to adjust the marketing support a little bit for our anytime launch. Velocity is not exactly where we wanted to be. Their distribution is great but we need to tune up velocity there, which will happen in the back half of the year. And we’re in -- I think, great shape in our categories and the categories are very strong. So if you add our positioning, how we will adjust math spending throughout the year to keep a good balance between volume and profit, and then we're positioning ourselves, because we have a pretty good feel for what the raw material will do. We're positioning ourselves to maintain that margin growth and accelerate, through this quarter and then accelerate it in the back half of the year.
Donnie Smith: We have advantaged brands and advantaged categories and that is very good for the long-term potential. Both are Prepared Foods and our chicken business.
Donnie Smith: Sure. So let's talk about four components. And I don't disagree that recent data -- I agree with you, recent data would indicate that supply will be higher in the year. And remember, we don't really care how much we grow, we care how much we sell. And so we will manage our production based on our forecasted demand. We balance to the nearest whole bird increment in whatever size that is and then our buy versus grow strategy puts us in a position to buy raw materials that are out of balance, which doesn't leave us stranded with parts who maybe having -- maybe an excess that type thing. So that's kind of the general framework, but on top of that think about this, explosive growth in tray pack. And we are a tremendous tray pack supplier. We're adding capacity and we're going to be unencumbered in our growth in tray pack. And tray pack -- fresh tray pack at retail is really benefiting from high retail beef prices. So that -- plus we are increasing our further processing capability to be able to take advantage of growth, both in retail, frozen, fully cooked, as we take this great innovation engine and grow that category with new news plus at food services, the food-service operators want to grow there. We have a very balanced and broad portfolio. We have a good balance between the bird sizes, the tray packs and small bird, and all those things. Plus you take our pricing structures, which we have a blend in summer, based on the markets. Some are based on raw materials. But what we've done is established a way to protect our margins and grow our customers business using our great service and our great innovative capability, which is very valuable to them. And they frankly don't get anything like it from anyone else. Add on top of that, we've continue to spend pretty strong against our chicken business, and we continue to be more and more efficient. One quick case in point, when we saw our production issue in our fully cooked business, we actually added an incremental million pounds a week of capacity to that -- to one of those locations and created an even more efficient operation. So that will pay off in the future. So if you take a blend of the consumer benefits that we can take advantage of with our portfolio. And then the customer who depends on us for innovation, quality, service and those components and the balance of our portfolio, on top of our buy versus grow strategy, it's a winning combination. And it stabilizes our earnings and that's why we took ‘15 up. And we feel very strong about ‘16 because the same dynamics will be in play.
Donnie Smith: I’ll give a general answer. I don’t want to be very specific. The amount we buy will be balanced against the amount that of our other pricing that has market exposure. So we are very balanced there, kind of gives us an internal hedge, plus there are some parts of our business where I try to act a smaller bird. We have to grow the bird. In other part of the business, we don’t. And so the way we are set up, we think we have a very good demand picture and we see demand very strong out in front. And we have build our supply chain to be able to buy raw material to fill that demand. We’ll buy, put it in our further processing plants and fill the demand 
Donnie Smith: Sure. Sp, I agree with you. I am not hearing anything that would indicate to me that there is a cliff in demand, frankly, quite the opposite. And here is how I think about, let's say '16. And, hey, it is early to your point on guidance, it’s early in our year. And so you are right, the outlook is positive when you balance all of the factors, but it's just early for us. So here is how I think about it. Number one, we've got advantage brands and advantage categories. We've got leading brands with leading share and categories that are very meaningful to consumers. And we will continue to see growth, not just based on categories, but also and more importantly based on our brand building capabilities and our innovation pipeline. In 2016, obviously we will have an accelerated, an incremental year in capturing the synergies. As I mentioned earlier, we are setting our supply up to be able to take advantage of whatever industry supply we see to meet that demand. I believe we will continue because of the shortness in a cattle supply, we will continue to see red meat pricing high and that will provide an umbrella for the alternative proteins because the relative value of chicken to beef, I think remains largely unchanged over the next couple three years. We're going to have new tray pack capacity, we will have new fully cooked capacity, and that will be in our results. I think cattle frankly and hogs are moving closer to us, so that advantages us there. As you mentioned, we're going to generate a lot of cash and we will continue to improve the balance sheet and create optionality for us. We've got a strong CapEx agenda to continue to grow the business and add to our profitability. If you just look at the lower interest costs in the future and the stock price goes up, the change in tangible equity units will help bps. Again so there is just a lot of reasons to be optimistic now about our 2015 guidance, it’s just early.
Donnie Smith: So in terms of beef, the supply will probably be flat to down 1% again in next year. And I think it may take four or five years to rebuild the herd back to the 2013 levels. But I think over time the margins in our beef business will improve. In Prepared Foods, you're right. We've got some front-end headwinds on raw materials. We talked about that. It will dramatically improve in the back half and we will continue to grow our margin potential, one, as we gain the synergies in the out years. Plus we continue to grow the brands.
Donnie Smith: Frankly, none, Ken. As you look out front, what we did is we took, let's say five-year average pork prices and then layered in the synergy capture and then what we felt like we could do by organic growth in those categories, that's how we came to the 10% to 12% number. So any benefit that frankly our Pork segment and our Prepared Foods segment would see from a increased hog supply has now been factored in.
Donnie Smith: Seasonally in the first quarter, we typically have our cattle and hog producers. They don't want to be paid in December for cash tax reasons. Typically that deferral that carries over at the end of December is in the neighborhood of $200 million and $250 million. This year it was more than $400 million. So there was a little bit of extra cash that we would redeploy in the quarter.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Ken. Thank you, everyone. So we are off to a great start towards another record setting year for our company and we’ll continue to accelerate our growth, but as an insight driven, consumer-centric branded food company. And as always, we appreciate your interest in our company and I hope you have a great weekend.
