Donnie Smith: This is Donnie. Let's start off talking about the last quarter a little bit. As we came into July, you're pretty much at the peak of your live cost, and if you'll remember, the market pricing in first month of that quarter coming off a pretty disappointing Fourth of July, which really, really soft. So our profitability in Q4 dug a pretty deep hole there at the beginning. So, then as you continue moving through the quarter, our live cost kept getting better. Now, some of that was grain related, but a lot of that was internal to some things we were doing inside of our business. Now, one other point to add. Coming off the Fourth of July holiday, as I mentioned pretty disappointed, and we started pretty aggressive cutbacks at that time and so what we're doing at the front end of the quarter is we're taking the cost hit, if you will, for making the adjustments in our production. And then in our business, you need to wait 8 to 12 weeks or so before you get the benefit of that in future periods. So what happens to you is your quarter got front-end loaded because you got the peak of your live cost, you're cutting back. And July, I would add, I'm telling you, that's a pretty ugly month. But we got better than that in August. August was much better than July, but still negative. September was much better yet. Now, one thing you probably noticed, we had a mark-to-market hit in that quarter of about $31 million. So let me go ahead and cover that one for you, too, because it's a big part of the story. When we were talking in August, corn was somewhere around the upper $6 range, maybe $7, meal was somewhere around $350 million. And then, we had a little rally off that. But then, in the last 3 weeks of the quarter, corn fell $1.50 a bushel or so, meal was probably down $60, $65 a ton. And so, at the end of the quarter, we were long about 3 weeks or so worth off flat price coverage into the next quarter. And all of that got marked-to-market. So that $31 million was a pretty good slice of that $82 million that you mentioned. So moving forward, our live cost is in better shape. We have seen some pricing help, not just market related. But as I mentioned, I think last quarter related to our service offering, the value that we're bringing our customers. We're seeing some price. So the real recovery into the positive Q1 has really been a mixture of every part of our business. Our live cost has gotten better, we're seeing the benefit of a lot of the CapEx that we've spent in our business, and our operating efficiencies at the plants, we've seen some logistics help in some new programs we've done in logistics. So it's coming from just about every facet of the business.
Donnie Smith: Yes, part of the efficiencies, frankly coming, and feed conversion rates, some of it will come in some improvements we've made in our hatcheries. So it's really in all aspects of the live production. It's not just related to the -- necessarily just to the cost of corn and soybean meal, but to a lot of things that we can control as well.
Donnie Smith: Yes. In any spread business, you can have periods of time when the revenue declines and then the cost of goods or the hog cost don't decline at the same rate, or vice versa. In general, that all, it wasn't a major decline. It was enough, however, to drive a differential compared to the prior quarters. But it was still a very strong performance. We didn't have any major shifts other than what I'd call kind of normal spread business margin compression and expansion. So really nothing significant.
Donnie Smith: Well for the year, our total -- I'm going to use the term Dennis did, but the total outcome of all of the, I'm going to call it hedging activities, was about $41 million. So when you're buying 4-plus million bushels of corn a week, 40,000 tons of soybean meal a week, and all the other stuff that goes with that, you add that up at $6, $7, well, $7.50, $8 at times on a delivered basis, $41 million, that's landing on an aircraft carrier over a whole year. So I would say that with the extreme volatility -- when corn fell from the upper $7, we were like $7.50 or so. And at the end of the first week of September and then we're -- gosh, it was below $6, somewhere $5.90-ish, somewhere around that on September 30. With as much commodities as we buy, having 3 weeks out front is not an excessive position. So in general, we have a very conservative approach. We stay pretty close to the market, we're pretty close to the market right now. We feel pretty good about that. But when you've got such a vicious swing in commodity prices in the last 3 weeks in the quarter, you got mark that stuff to market and you use a lot, that's a pretty big number.
Donnie Smith: No. Diane, let me try give you a little help. You're right on the environment, we do not view demand to be any stronger in 2012 than it was in '11. So let's call it demand flat. By the way, probably both at food service and retail. I believe, going into the year, depending on how much pricing gets passed on or absorbed into the marketplace, might want to keep an eye on retail demand. But so let's just call it, going into the year, demand flat. Now our business, yes, we do think that we will improve pricing. But that is not strictly where all of our benefit is going to be coming from. We'll also make mix improvements in our business. In other words, we will sell more in a value-added mix. We think that we will continue to see some live performance improvements in livability, feed conversion, those kinds of things. And remember, over the last couple of years, we've spent pretty strong CapEx against our business, and a good portion of that has been against our poultry business. And we've mentioned, in the past, that those CapEx expenditures were in what we would call, good return but low risk type projects. And by low risk, what we mean is, there's low risk that the return we think we'll get we'll actually get. That's proven to be the case. So the money that we're spending on our business, particularly on the processing site in chicken, is paying benefits in lower conversion costs, we continued to see operational efficiencies, and improvements in that side of our business. So I think what you'll see is an improvement, not only on the live side, but also in plant conversion side and we do intend to get some improvement in pricing as well. But it won't all come from pricing. I think to clarify, when you asked me on the pork earlier, I said we did not come out and change our range. However, we do expect our Pork business to be in and above the range. And we don't really see a material change going into 2012. Just to clarify that answer.
Donnie Smith: Okay. We said, I think on our call, we were talking about being down somewhere in the 6% versus the Q3 run rate versus a year ago.
Donnie Smith: Yes, about 6%. Our cut has actually been on a little bit more than that, and that's in terms of pounds produced, okay? So as we tried to talk about on the last call, I've tried to -- I want a lot of clarity around what we're talking about because we've seen egg sets and chicks placed out roughly 7% or 8%. But until recently, we've not seen much significant movement in live weights. And so, I think last week's slaughter pounds were at 969 million -- excuse me, 869 million, good catch. And so when we talk to you, we'll be focused on total pounds produced. So we'll be at an excess of 6%.
Donnie Smith: Our best chance obviously is going to be in the back half. I feel comfortable that we will see progressive improvement throughout the year. Still a bit early to be calling any specific quarter in which we think we would be back into the normalized range, but our best shot is going to be in the back half.
Donnie Smith: No. What I said was, right now, we're running down a little bit in excess of 6%. So here's the way to frame that up. We always take a detailed forward look of demand. We spend a lot of energy looking at forward demand. And so our production plans, we think right now, our team has done a great job getting us exactly where we need to be in light of the demand we see through the first, say 4 to 6 months of calendar 2012. As we move into Q1, we will be looking at the forward demand for the rest of our fiscal year and we will make any, if any, production decisions then. But for us, it's always about balancing our supply and demand to meet our customers' expectations of our business. And currently, the color I can add is we're down better than 6% in the current quarter versus where we were.
Donnie Smith: I'm going to start that and then Jim may want to jump in and add a little bit of color. First of all, when we talk about the 4% number, that is what we project the industry to be. Obviously, we're going to be a part of that. I don't really want to try to project what the rest of the industry is going to do or what their profitability is going to be because I don't know their cost structure, I don't know how they price their product. So there's no chance I'm going to project what they're going to do. I can tell you what we're going to do and I'll let Jim add some color. We're going to balance our supply with what our view of demand is. If anything, we're going to be a little bit on the short side of that, which gives us opportunity, at times, to buy parts that we need without necessarily having other parts that may or may not be the best value in the marketplace. So that's going to be our strategy going forward, and our team is very disciplined in looking at that forward demand and then matching our supply to get there. And when we get off-base a little bit, we quickly react because it's important to us to keep that supply and demand balance.
Donnie Smith: I can't talk about the principles behind what we do. Obviously, it's important to us to be a cost leader in our industry, in every segment that we participate. We have a very diverse portfolio of products. And so it's pretty hard to -- without going into a tremendous amount of detail by bird class, exactly what we expect to do and I don't think that's probably in our best interest on the call. So what we can say is this, we continue to move our mix up the value chain. We always want to try to add value to our customers business and to try to add value to our product mix. We will continue to do that. We believe that we lead the industry in quality, service, and certainly innovative capabilities and we believe that we bring a different value proposition to our customers. And then we get paid for that. So I think you'll continue to see that as part of the spread. In each of the commodity type businesses that we're in, we've we controlled our production to the point that we don't have a lot of excess sales in the marketplace that are a drag on our pricing structure. So that's a huge advantage to being balance in terms of our supply and demand. When you get into those situations where you're supply outstrips your demand, that's when you have excess product that you have to sell in commodity markets which hurts your pricing structure. So if you start putting all those pieces together, I think you see, and obviously you have, the difference between Tyson and others. And we continue to remain very disciplined in our go-to-market strategy and how we bring value to our customers in each one of the segments.
Donnie Smith: I'd say move the calendar forward about 3 months or so and let us get it a little deeper into the fiscal year and we'll be a lot more confident about what we can say about when certain events will happen. In terms of our business model, I don't think there's anything that needs to change. And I think, certainly, our business team is focused on getting back to normalized margins as absolutely as fast as they can. And I think they're doing everything they can do to get there as quick as they can, and we'll get there.
Donnie Smith: Both of those businesses are pretty young and so the margin structure is on the light side of what we will produce in the future. As we look at demand, we feel very good about demand in both countries. Let's talk about Brazil here quickly. We have over the last year or so kind of decided, at least for the foreseeable future, what our mix will be between international and domestic volume. And we've added enough capabilities to be able to provide the diversity within our product portfolio offering to be able to capitalize on some growth, both domestically and internationally. So we really feel good about that business. All we need is time. We got a great team down there, they've doing a great job. So we feel very confident that every pound that we add, when we second shift. We've got grower base coming along behind us -- or actually in front of us, to be able to produce that. And so we feel very confident we'll be able to move that at the percentage that we want to both in the domestic and the international markets. So quickly shifting to China, a great opportunity there. We've got a great customer base in China. We're building a very solid team to execute not only our operating but also our selling strategies there. We're moving toward a company-owned, company-controlled live production model. We have a few company farms, now, that the birds that we have seen produced in those company farms are outstanding. We love our cost position there and we feel very good about our model going forward. It's a bit more capital intensive, but the efficiencies that we're seeing are making that the way to go. And it helps in terms of speed, too, a little bit. Around getting our footprint as large as we can, as fast as we can. When we get a build-out and what we currently have available to us, our footprint will be about 3.5, 3 million head a week, that'll be in 2014. And I would tell you, by the time we get there, we would expect to have normalized returns in that business. So we feel very good about our opportunities internationally.
Donnie Smith: Simply put, both food service, QSR, and a retail base. So you need a very fairly broad portfolio to be able to spread your product mix out appropriately. And so we feel really good about our customer mix. I really don't want to get into detailed customer names, but just suffice it to say, food service, QSRs, a few other food service customers, and a good mix of retail customers.
Donnie Smith: Tim, I'm going to say probably not. Today, if you combine the antidumping duty and the countervailing duty that exists between the U.S. and exports of chicken into China, it's like 63%. And even, hey, if we started a WTO action today, it would, I'd tell you, take 2, 3 years to change that. So I really don't see that affecting much in terms of us being able to -- as a matter of fact, you might go the other way. So if we're not going to be able to ship it from the U.S. into China, let's just go over to China and grow it there.
Donnie Smith: It was. Hey, this may be way more detailed and I know we're going a little long, but let me try to add a little color. So let's go back to just before Easter. When we were in the Lenten season, demand was really, really, really strong. And so if you look at chicken, by the time you start setting more eggs, you get them through the hatchery, you get them into the field growing out, and then produce them, and have them ready in inventory, depending on the type of mix you got, you've really got like 12 weeks’ worth of production that you've made in that decision. And so if you go to, say mid-March, you got mid-April, mid-May, mid-June. And so based on the signal we got in mid-March, we made production decisions that had a lot of meat coming at us just before the Fourth of July. If you'll remember, Memorial Day was less than impressive, and I'm telling you, Fourth of July was just nothing to write home about. And so once we saw that Fourth of July was pretty disappointing, man, we through the brakes on and we started backing up. And hey, unfortunately, commodity prices, you got a high feed component of your live cost. But when you're backing out of production, you're absorbing a lot of cost early. And so that just made July just a really ugly month, but we did pull back hard on inventory. Our inventory position, through the quarter, got cleared up, too. I tell you, when we ended the fiscal year, hey, our inventory position is what I like to call the manageable minimum. And so we are doing a great job servicing our customer, but we're not carrying a lot of excess inventory to be able to do that, it's putting a lot of pressure on our logistics resources, it putting a lot of pressure on our plant resources, but they have stepped up to the challenge and done a great job of taking care of our customer. So that's kind of the whole picture, Tim.
Donnie Smith: Nope. Listen, that's all really proprietary stuff and there's 0 chance you're going to get any details, honestly, on how we're feeding our chicken. I appreciate the offer, it just ain't happening.
Donnie Smith: Yes. Well, listen, we're very optimistic about our business. Over the last couple of years, we've done a lot to change our mix, we've done a ton in our operating efficiency. By the way, let me mention this. This past year, we were talking about $200 million in operating efficiencies that we would garner, and we did. And still view that going into 2012, we have another $125 million or so in operating efficiencies that we believe that we will achieve in our poultry business. And so when you put all that together with the kind of the last 2 years we've had, I'm very optimistic about our future. Now, hey, it's still early for us to be add any more detail than that. But...
Donnie Smith: It's all of it. Our Beef and Pork businesses are performing very, very well. Our Prepared Foods business has weathered the storm, really, for the amount of pricing that we were able to achieve to cover the raw material inputs, our Prepared Foods businesses has done very well. We've got a bead on a part of that business, it's probably underperformed, and we've got a solid action plan to improve that part of the business. And then when you look at chicken, we're seeing the benefit of some of the things that we've been doing in the past that just have us operating that business well. If you look at industry fundamentals, we've got a much better environment we feel that we're operating into and feel pretty solid about our chances.
Donnie Smith: Yes. Hey, that is absolutely the plan. As we continue to improve our business, I think one of the things that we've proved in 2011 is that our multi-protein, multi-channel, multinational business model gives us a bit of distinction and a little bit of differentiation in the marketplace. And we intend to take all of the opportunities that, that model provides us and be able to capitalize on that. So we've got opportunities in front of us in value added poultry, we've got opportunities in front of us, in our Prepared's foods business. Some of it is broadening the product portfolio. But some of it is broadening the channels. We've got great opportunities in front of us in Brazil and in China. So yes, as I look forward, part of what we needed to do in '10 and '11 was to stabilize this business and get it turned around. And get some operational efficiencies in place so that we could use that as a really strong platform to launch off of into the future. And we do believe the growth opportunities in front of us are meaningful and particularly the earnings opportunities in front of us are meaningful.
Donnie Smith: I can't. Way, way, way too early. Hey, I'm trying not to get too far ahead of you on explaining excess of $2 in 2012. I'm...
Donnie Smith: Absolutely. So we built a pretty good foundation for ourselves internationally. And we will continue, now, to add production in our international businesses about as fast as we can. Our international team has done a great job of getting these new start-ups underneath us, to the point to where we can now add incremental volume to those businesses and have it sold in the right place and improve our margins along the way. So we're at the point now to where when we add incremental volume, it adds incremental return. That's where we needed to get. If you look at the rest of our portfolio, adding value to the raw materials that we produce is a huge, huge platform for us to grow in. The 2 things that we have, that we can leverage, is raw materials and relationships, and we intend to leverage those into the future across the broad portfolio of our business, both in value-added poultry, in our Prepared Foods business, taking our Beef and Pork raw materials and adding value to those, moving those up the value stream, putting them into new channels, expanding our customer offerings. So I think what you're going to see is a very balanced approach to us growing our whole portfolio across the board as we move forward.
Donnie Smith: Probably about flat. I'll be honest with you, I look at it more as a percent of net sales. And I think, we finished the year at around 2.8% of net sales, and we'll be in about that ballpark.
Donnie Smith: I appreciate that. The only color that I can really add at this time is, at this point it's not, I would say, a significant portion of what you see. But certainly, over time, we expect it to improve incrementally as we grow the business, and it will become more and more significant to our results. So that's about all the clarity I can add right now.
Donnie Smith: No, I think, all I would be comfortable saying at this point, because we're pretty close to the market now, and which I feel very comfortable with. I would suspect that grain cost, in 2012, would be at or above what we saw in '11. And Ryan, the real emphasis of that is if you just go back to Q1, well our Q1, which would be calendar Q4 of last year. Corn futures, for example, we're in the $4, $4.25, $4.50, somewhere in that neighborhood and moving up through the quarter. And hey, we are at new crop and we're at $6 plus. So we're $1.50 or so starting the year higher than we were a year ago. So it just stands to reason that we're going to have incremental increases in our cost of corn, soybean meal, and other inputs, by the way, of going into next year. Which accents our need to get our pricing improvements in order to get paid for those higher raw materials.
Donnie Smith: I can't really pick it based on a particular market price. But I can say this. We're holding unemployment around 9% or so. My GDP number for '12 is somewhere about 1.5% or so. So I'm not looking for a robust recovery in the economy. It just stands to reason that if more and more price gets passed along to the consumer, that there's an opportunity for them to back off. Now the good news is that we keep a very close eye on forward demand and our strategy is, if anything, to be a little short against that demand so that we don't get caught. Let's say, like we did in July with too much inventory or maybe not too much inventory, but excess of what we would have would have liked have at the time, and excess production. So we're going to keep this thing in check and we've got, I think, a very good eye on what our forward view of demand is. So let me just close up, if we can. Hey, I want to emphasize again how important I think our multi-protein, multi-channel, multinational business model is. When you combine that with our cost capital structure and, frankly, what I think is the best is the best team in the business, Tyson is uniquely differentiated from our competitors and I think we're poised to grow in 2012 and beyond. Tyson Foods is a protein company with the widest variety of products to sell and the most channels to the broadest base of customers here in the U.S. and around the world. Our diversification gives us options and opportunities. We intend to make the most of them. So thanks for your interest in our company and have a great day. Thank you.
James V. Lochner: Yes. I mean there's no, again, one single factor. What it is, is you continually lay improve on your daily efficiencies, in your labor efficiencies, in your cost, you continually improve on your yields, you continually improve on your mix of sales, you continually improve on trying to beat the market pricing through a variety of different components. Generally, it doesn't happen on the livestock buy side, although the only thing we can really influence there is how well we work on yields and our draw credits, et cetera. So I know that's difficult for you to figure out on the model, but it's not one thing. It's all of these little things that we continually improve. Our model really, in the businesses, is we do the same thing every day, we just try to continuously improve and you have these small incremental improvements over the course of months. And I know that doesn't sound real profound but that's exactly how we operate all our businesses.
James V. Lochner: Let's see. All right, I'll try to give you a little insight. So we have made improvements in the production process that have improved not only our feed conversions, but also the livability. Now, some of that is going to be attributable to taking our weights down just a tad. But we also, maybe got a little bit out of line on our feed conversion in Q3 and Q4, during some of the really hot weather. And then we got our out times right. We've done a good job, our live production folks have done a great job improving the upstream processes and feed manufacturing, and in our hatcheries. That's just given us a great opportunity for improvement in the field for all of our growers. So again, it's just incremental improvements. Getting a little better at everything we do, it adds up.
James V. Lochner: Yes. You always got to remember, in the price of cattle, you have a lot of regional issues and you can have some small regions that are tight relative to the slaughter demand. And as the tendency to -- with mandatory price reporting on the transparency of price reporting, everybody in government reports exactly what the transactions. So there's a tendency for the short region to trend higher prices and then kind of move the overall up. And then over time, what happens is those regions correct in demand and the prices come back. And we always got to remember, as a reminder, as I reminded the beef group earlier in the week, we were coming into Thanksgiving and as long I've been in the industry, it's hard to move beef prices up going into Thanksgiving. And usually, you'll have a little bit of a boost afterwards. And so our assessment was that the volumes needed to moderate. We're pushing too much meat on a weak demand period, and that's exactly what's happened. In the last couple of weeks, you've seen a correction in the USDA reported processing numbers. And that's why, in my comments, I really made it that margin compression happens and then the market does its job over time, and they expand. If they get too big, they contract. And that's generally the market dynamics that happens in spread businesses. We put all our focus, always, on really trying to make sure that we're managing the mix, trying to drive the highest prices relative to the reported numbers. Combinations of premium programs, combinations of formula sales, combinations of export, and really focus our attention to the detail. And then we're in the market. And again, I know that, that doesn't give you a real complete answer, but the market usually the market makes the types of moves. Has for a long period of time. And we're pushing more meat than the market could absorb and that's what caused that margin compression.
James V. Lochner: I'm trying to put my finger on exactly a factor, but generally speaking, we did not -- when we look at how we index our revenue components and how index our cattle cost components, I didn't see anything that really jumped out of the ordinary, that said we missed it. A lot of times, particularly in cattle, you can run into regional differences between north and south, and then the grading differences that can happen, that really can sometimes really drive the interpretation of those results. And if you really understand the numbers, you really are indexing yourself. But we did see the margin compression and didn't really see anything that bothered us relative to our indexes. In fact, if anything, we looked at our indexes, actually improving even though we saw the results come down quarter-over-quarter in beef. And then in pork, it would really be kind of the same scenario. We didn't really see the shift, and again, we're very pleased with our indexes related to how we benchmark our price realizations and our procurement. We didn't have a major shift in yields. We didn't have a major shift downward in labor efficiency. We didn't have a major shift in our market share and key categories. So we really didn't see it is what I'm trying to say.
James V. Lochner: Yes. I mean, we're nowhere near that major decline. We saw that compression again, the last -- starting about 4 weeks ago and then it's starting to rebound now, but we've not been anywhere near that negative. So we're holding on. In fact, every week thus far, our Beef segment has remained profitable.
James V. Lochner: Well, let me say that they won't be as strong as they were in Q4 and we're just half way, not even quite halfway through the quarter, and we're starting to see the margin picture change relative to last several weeks. So I'm going to leave it at that and not get that quantified. But I feel pretty strong that we'll come through this first quarter very well and the market will correct. And then we're going to start to see a fair amount of cattle availability as we come into January or February, which generally works on our favor relative to managing the spread.
James V. Lochner: Yes. I think, you always got to -- when we give a number, it's always against our fiscal period. So I looked at a composite of different independent estimates and this current Q1, I know of Dec of '11, which is our Q1 is the strongest decline. So a number of them on average are around 5.5%, and then as you move into calendar '12, that's where you probably say it's a little less because you'll start to see it start to change with Jan, Feb, March, in the high 3s, and then April, May, June, 3. So you end up in a scenario where you sink that all back up with a variety of independent forecasters, on average of 4% against our fiscal year. With the strong end being right now, and I'd know, this period.
James V. Lochner: But I think if you just look, again, at the market fundamentals versus the supply pull back, you start to see some supportive pricing. And overall, again, the big picture says domestic availability of all proteins is declining, partly from export and production. That's generally supportive of pricing. And you have to factor in the economy and factor that. How fast can it go, that's anybody's prediction.
James V. Lochner: Well, that's exactly why I put that in because your models will get a little bit different simply because you don't have some of the normal placement patterns that have occurred in the past, which is a clear observation as the southern plains didn't have good forage so the cattle left. We pasture and pasture and went into feedlots and backgrounding. But the North-South spread is always a factor that always messes up your models because you don't get that granular in the way you forecast beef margins within regions. Our job, basically, we're nicely dispersed between the North and the South. Some of our competition has plants that are more concentrated in the South or some in the north. We have a good mix of the north-south plants, close to the feedlots. And our job is always to try to maximize the revenue and try to manage that spread. But it does make it difficult for you to model in that regard. So I don't expect to have any major shortages in any of the regions that we have plants because I think the cattle supply, when they come out, will be fine. And I know that cattle feeders will try to really balance that placement up and actually try to hit the same type of end-put weights that they have historically and try to manage to hit the typical seasonal demand patterns. It makes it more challenging when calves go in the feedlots versus yearlings. So it's a comment just basically driven to tip you off, I guess, that the model sometimes will change around because we've had something very unusual with the drought in the southern plains.
James V. Lochner: Let me address the end of calendar '12. Again, that's why I went through and pointed out the fact that even though some people will say the beef cow process or slaughter is up 4%, when you put it in to real perspective against 31.4 million beef cows and 9.2 million dairy cows, that accelerated decline is not really appreciably accelerated and there were people who were thinking that the drought, again, in the southern plains had really accelerated the liquidation of the beef cowherd and when I really went back and analyzed those numbers, it's up, but not as much and it's not as catastrophic as one would think. The other key component is, feeder cattle imports were 180,000. That easily offset a good number of the decline that we saw in the beef cow herd throughout the last couple of years. Now as that relates to country of origin labeling, if that gets resolved and everything went back to normal, what you'll actually see probably is the potential for more imported feeder cattle out of both Canada and Mexico. And that won't impact, again, calendar '12 as much as it will impact, potentially, '13. But the reason I put all those numbers in my prepared remarks is to really put it in to context. Even though we've seen some slight increase in liquidation, it's not what I'd call a major increase above and beyond what others have been forecasting into that 1% line. So I'm not pessimistic that we're going to have a problem, having extreme overcapacity in the beef processing industry. And I always got to remind everybody that we did take about 2 million head of slaughter capacity out several years ago and that balance against where our plants located is in pretty good balance.
James V. Lochner: Yes, I would -- I went back and I looked up the heifer percentage of the fed steer and heifer kill, slaughter numbers. And it's been running right at this 37.4%, 37.2%, 37.5% about the last 4 years. So we'll be really watching that carefully because I would expect, with the returns, that outside of kind of the drought affected regions, that there would be expansion. and I think that's also why you didn't see the beef cow liquidation when you looked at -- the southern plains it would have been fairly expansive for that region. But the other regions had plenty of grass and all the profit signals probably offset that number to a great degree. But that's the key number we're watching. It's just the percentage of heifers and the total kill, to see if it drops into the low 30% and will start to see that expansion. We haven't really seen any meaningful expansion for about 4 to 5 years actually. And '07 would have been kind of that timeframe, maybe the one we saw a little bit of moderate expansion.
James V. Lochner: Our grid is also reflective of what the current choice select spread and premium programs, et cetera, which is -- the term used in the industry is usually the cleanup costs reflects that component. And the choice or select spread did widen here, which is a lot of people thought might have been a decrease in grading but when, again, you look at the peers statistics, the percentage choice cattle hadn't really materially changed year-over-year with the choice select spread a year ago was much lower. So what we're probably seeing here is, perhaps that food service, fine dining, and steakhouse demand on consumption might be up. We might be seeing a combination of select demand for metals being soft because when you look at where the choice select spread differential is it's not unusual that it's in the middle meats, but we've seen really widened price spreads between particularly PISMOs, rib eyes, and strips, and the choice of select offering which suggest that we get food service consumption increasing slightly. But we have not really seen these types of spreads for a number of years. So the market will probably do its job again, and overtime, make that correction retailers or some other end users shifting to the value side on the select and they're offering. So the answer to your question, our grids always adjusts all constantly to what that choice select spread is doing.
James V. Lochner: We're certainly not banking on that. Our whole focus is running a real competitive Chinese production model.
Kenneth Goldman: Two questions. First, I think, I appreciate the benefits of hedging and other forward activities, but this does mark, I think, the third straight year in which the impact of your commodity risk management has been a headwind on income. This past quarter it hurt by $49 million, that's the most in almost 3 years. So I guess my question is this. Are we reading the data wrong, to look at them and ask if maybe Tyson might not benefit by being a little bit closer to the market? Or is it just something where 3 straight years of kind of losses there or negative impact is just a random event, and maybe it's still worth it going forward so do all that hedging and get ahead of the markets so you can maybe price based on your cost and so forth? I'm just curious of how we should think about that balance.
Kenneth Goldman: And then Jim, you talked about how, from time to time, cattle prices rise more quickly than beef prices, and obviously that's true. USDA data showing some of the weakest industry gross margins, right now in the last decade, and I'm just curious for some more insight there. I do appreciate cattle prices up year-on-year, but they've been up when 20% year-on-year all of 2011. Only recently have margins collapsed, at least in the reported national numbers. So I guess I'm just curious what you're seeing there. I recognize your plants are in areas where cattle are plentiful, maybe not as affected by some of the dynamics right now, but if you can shed some light on that, I'd appreciate it.
Kenneth Goldman: But what was the change? I mean you've been saying around $2 and your language changed to in excess of $2. So I'm assuming something -- was it just internal improvements or is it marketing conditions that made you get a little bit more positive.
Kenneth Goldman: No, no. I'm not looking for an EPS number, but it is it in Brazil? You're going to spend $800 million this year, I think $600-something million in the last year in CapEx. Do start to assign a return on that, that we expect? Is it Brazil? Is it China? Is it improvement in fundamental? Like, what is it that gets you to growth? I'm not asking for the actual quantification. Have you kind of -- give us some sort of growth trajectory out besides 2012.
