Thomas P. Hayes: Absolutely. Yes, so Ken, as it relates to the first one, we do believe we're starting – that we have a new base. We feel great about 2018, and we've been asked the question before, is $5.00 the base amount for EPS, and we do believe that it is. I'd say that the combination of the companies we thought was going to be great. And then, of course, we're optimistic about synergies. Having gotten into the integration, we are extremely, extremely excited about it. And we know that we'll be in a position to be in excess of $200 million on a net basis. When you look at the overall improvement of the Prepared Foods business as it relates to the things that we're doing to drive the protein pack brand strategy, it is consistent with giving us a position across the retail perimeter; that is, I would say, best-in-class as well as convenience, and AdvancePierre is doing an excellent job. I'd say in July they had fantastic numbers, and we're very, very impressed with the addition of the company. As it relates to long-term segment, we talked about the past we'll continue to look at what the segment's normalized range could be, but it's not s something that we are going to put a size at the moment. But we think that the idea of getting to a 12% to 14% normalized range seems like if we execute well, that's where we'll wind up. So I hope that answers your question regarding that.
Thomas P. Hayes: Hey, sure, Ken, it's Tom. The primary reason why we made the decision we did to flatten the organization was just that. We look at the acquisition of AdvancePierre as an opportunity or catalyst, which I talked about before, to have a significant and I think aggressive look at all of our costs. But the other thing is we want to maintain a completely aggressive approach to satisfying customers. Then as we looked at our structure, we felt particularly in Prepared Foods that we needed to streamline across, have those segments reporting directly to the CEO, take some of the resources that were at the center of the company and put them into those individual segments so they could control the amount of spending and focus on growth. And so it's really an effort to make sure that we are doing the right thing by being quick to our customers, taking advantage of the opportunities, and making sure we manage costs in the most effective way for our shareholders.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes, sure, Farha. This is Tom. The Chicken business is doing well overall, I would say, particularly as it relates to fresh tray pack and our value-added, whether it's par-fry or fully-cooked business, both at retail and at foodservice. So we have a plan we talked about before that's coming up in Green Forest, and that's going to help. But frankly, that's already sold out, to the extent that it gets up and running on plan, starts shipping in the fall period here and then up and running full force in January. So the capital projects we're looking at pull-forward are ones that actually help us get more supply based on our demand as well as that productive capacity in both fully-cooked and tray pack. We're essentially busting at the seams on both those areas.
Thomas P. Hayes: Sure. This is something that has long been part of the company's history, as I said, being really strong on branded and increasingly strong as with the acquisition of Hillshire Brands, I'd say. But the customer brand business has been the source of growth for many, many years. What makes the company particularly powerful is the acquisition of AdvancePierre, there are capabilities that they have demonstrated and ways of running the business that allow the AdvancePierre team, whether its customer brands or branded business, deliver a margin that is what is at or above the target. So we're looking to take advantage of that and amplify the idea that we're focused on growth, whether it's in our brands, in our customer brands, we are about growth. And so it's leveraging that across the entire company and learning as we go, which we're excited about.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes, we don't break that out. And what we are focused on is making sure our supply meets our demand, and we're having a challenge right now. Our demand is extraordinarily strong, and we're focused on trying to make sure we can do all that we can do to supply it as well as keep our extraordinarily high service levels with our customers, which is a challenge we have right now.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. So now two things I'll say there, Jeremy. The first is that we expect to update The Street on how the integration is going, how we feel about it in specific terms as it relates to the net synergies that we're going to be delivering. And I would say, later, at the end of this year, early into 2018, we'll talk about that more, maybe have a follow-up to talk about it. And beyond that, for our focus, its how do we continue to grow where customers are growing, grow where the consumer is buying and leverage that strength that we have to increase our margins over time. Timing, as it relates to how that plays out, we gave you the guidance for 2018. And beyond that, we see there is incremental upside, and that's going to be largely dependent upon what we talk about as it relates to the overall synergies we get from the combination of the two companies as well as where we see the growth opportunities as we look at the revenue synergy side that we haven't talked a lot about.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah. So of course, we have definitely spoken about this in the past, Michael. And you know that we have – our margins are kind of based on where we're regionally located. So Beef is still a very regional business. Cattle in the north, where we compete, we're higher priced last quarter. That's just the fact of the matter. Going forward, we see that supplies growing in our regions. In fact, 2017 and 2018, better numbers on fed cattle in our regions overall. Placements of cattle and feed, high. Heifer retentions is something that is certainly on our minds, 25-year low, supplies more cattle and calves and cattle in the future. So we feel, for our areas that we are, again, barring some sort of shock to the system, we are at the front-end of a multi-year expansion in cattle that is great for Tyson.
Thomas P. Hayes: It's a great question. We have talked about what we see in the future. And what we want to make sure that we do is we have a demonstrated track record behind us. We typically like to have a long period of time, where we've been able to demonstrate those margins. Certainly, I would say, on beef import, in addition to what we've already talked about it with Prepared Foods, we are thinking about it. And so, all I can say is we'll continue to keep you posted, and our objective is to drive year-over-year EBIT growth and year-over-year EPS growth, and that's what we're focused on. And if we can expand our margins wherever we can, we'll do it. But nothing that we want to share today, but certainly, it's on our minds.
Thomas P. Hayes: Sure. The biggest thing you got to keep in mind is that true commodity players will do very well in an environment where there are low feed costs, higher pricing, but what you see in our margins is a great illustration of the different business models. Ours isn't typically as volatile as a commodity player. And so our portfolio is designed to deliver those consistent margins. We do expect to have growth. We want to make sure we're driving EBIT north. And we don't want to be on a roller coaster. We want to have consistent margins and then consistently grow volume. There are times for us, when the buy versus grow model is a bit expensive, and we're in one of those today. There's also times where we have to consider adding capacity, which is where we are right now, like tray pack and FP that we talked about, the further process. And this is where we live. We live in a space where we want to be consistently growing the business and do it with consistent margins. So we won't be at the highs when fresh meat or market prices are high. And so, but we won't be on those lows on the other end either.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yeah, sure. One of the things to be clear about Prepared Foods, there is typical seasonality. Some of the softness is driven by some of the promotional aspects of the drilling season, back-to-school; certainly, there's volumes associated with schools that we don't have, which we're a heavy player in. And note last year, we had similar results. Q4 was 7.3% margin for instance. The fourth quarter is always a difficult quarter in Prepared Foods overall. What I would say is, as it relates to the pizza toppings and pepperoni, we are on track. So we are building out the capacity that we need. We're still paying that Coleman premium that we don't like. And we will be in, not this season, but next season, as we go into our fiscal 2019, into the pizza season, ready to take advantage of the business with a lower cost structure, just as we talked about. That's the timing and we are on track.
Thomas P. Hayes: That's right, because pizza season is right around the fall season, and its sports, football and so forth. That's when it really picks up. And so the plant will not be up for this fall. It'll be up for the following fall. So that's the reason why you'll see the uptick there.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes, sure. So on the first, Rob, absolutely, we'll continue with the buy versus grow model. We will take some pressure off the amount that we have to buy in the market, and that's certainly something that is going to be helpful for us. So we stand behind them all, what works well for us. And we want to produce in (42:37) increments, and focused on eating and matching best for us in supply versus demand while continuing to grow our volume year over year. So the pace, to answer your question, is not going to change as it relates to the truckloads that we buy, what we've given in terms of color on that in the past. As it relates to the price impact in the quarter, absolutely, there's pressured margins in Prepared Foods, particularly as it relates to higher belly and beef and pork trim costs. Pricing is chasing the rising belly and bacon markets. For us, we are a large trim buyer. So the trim effect that rose in Q3 isn't really felt in Q4 quite a bit, but I would say that there's a lot of costs that move around right in advance of the hot dog season. We are both hot dog and smoked sausage, we're a heavy player. So pricing dynamics are good. I'd say, we will continue to stay aggressive. And one of the things that we have learned with the AdvancePierre acquisition is different pricing approaches that they have been very successful on pricing to value. And we do well in retail. I think they do exceptional in foodservice, and we'll take advantage of that to continue to improve the underlying margin structure. But I feel good about price.
Thomas P. Hayes: No, so the margins will be a Q4 impact. So the trim prices I spoke of, those will be a Q4 impact. That's why we're giving the guidance that we are on margins. And the way that our models work, our pricing models is that it pushes it forward a bit. And so it will be tight in Q4 and it will be a little bit into Q1. But that's what happens, particularly with trim. Beef 50s is the issue. And we are also looking at ways in which we can avoid that. There are certain price purchasing mechanisms we can use. We don't use the freezer historically a lot, but there are some things that I would say AdvancePierre has done that we want to take a look at, to make sure that we don't have that be a huge impact. But as you probably have seen, the beef 50s rose dramatically this year versus historically seasons.
Thomas P. Hayes: Sure, Heather. Talking about labor rates, labor is tight all over. I'll say a few things, maybe Dennis, you can come over on this, but certainly labor is tight. We have added a lot of our operations double-digit increases on labor costs and wages that we're paying. And we see that as something that we have to do and we're happy to do it to make sure that we have the turnover levels lower than we've had in the past, and we do. We have better turnover levels. I would say that that is the reason why we are driving really hard against automation, something I spoke to in my prepared remarks. As it specifically relates to Pork, the biggest influence on margins is going to be the productive capacity that's coming on. We think we're still going to be in good balance. Our thoughts for 2018 are it's still above the normalized range of 6% to 8% ROS. But there's definitely going to be some equilibration that will happen to put us above the normalized range, but it's a moving, fluid thing. Exports remain extraordinarily strong. So more than 27% of production. It's up about 10% year over year. We are a preferred supplier, frankly, to the Pacific Rim markets. And we believe that, that's going to continue to take some of that productive capacity. But it's definitely going to be something that is going – we don't predict today that it's going to be as good as it has been in 2017 for those factors.
Thomas P. Hayes: I would say there's really nothing that limits us. We have been really engaged deeply with understanding their pricing models. And I'm sure some of the teams are listening from AdvancePierre. We are extraordinarily excited about how they have been pricing to value, both on their Chicken business as well as Prepared Foods outside of Chicken, which frankly has been, I would say, the largest driver. So we will leverage everything that they know and use what we can to improve our system. As you know, Heather, we have many different pricing models. And I would say, like I said earlier in retail, pretty good pricing approach I'd say both at retail and foodservice, frankly. But I think there's a lot of improvement that can be made in the foodservice area specifically.
Thomas P. Hayes: Absolutely. So, Akshay, the biggest thing to take away is that this synergy work is across the entire company. So these are not costs that are coming out of AdvancePierre. These are costs that are coming out of all of Tyson. And so the buckets, and it's too soon to discuss the sizes, but we will be in front of you talking in more detail, like I said. The typical areas are what you can think of. Procurement is a big bucket, manufacturing, certainly, logistics, distribution, transportation, redundant overhead, the teams that are running the integration have been extraordinarily aggressive. And they are very focused on making sure that they're dealing with costs, but also not damaging our growth potential. And so that's something, again, we haven't talked about in terms of revenue synergies, but very, very comfortable that will be in excess of $200 million on a net basis. As we finalize these targets, we'll give you more information, like I said, but those are the buckets. Extraordinarily exciting, the key takeaway is that it's across the entire Tyson Foods enterprise.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. So we like Prepared Foods, we will continue to look at the margin structure, but let me come back to; we're not going to sacrifice growth. We are going to grow the business, and that is a unique thing about Tyson Foods, frankly, as it relates to all food players in the business today, is we are a growth company. So the margin structure will continue – we're happy to make more and more margin and we're going to play for that aggressively. And it'll be through creating more valuable products that consumers' love, customers' love that will continue to grow our volume, which we've been tremendously successful at. If that puts us in a point in time where we look at the normalized range we will do that, but the idea of us having the ability to do that, absolutely. And it's going to be on the back of innovation, just the way that we talked about, whether it's in fresh fruits, there's a lot of going on in the perimeter, as you're well aware, but also value-added foods that are finding ingredients, marination, meal kits. There's a lot of activity in the space. Chicken is extraordinarily exciting as a category for consumers and retailers, and we feel like our leadership position puts us in a great position to be the leader from the dialogue in both customer brands and our brands.
Thomas P. Hayes: Okay, thanks. It's a very good question, David's very long-term focused and I appreciate it. The AdvancePierre acquisition gave us capabilities, so production capabilities, markets extraordinarily strong, in the convenience market. And they are exceptional at delivering high-quality growth, whether it's a brand of their own or a customer brand. They figured out how to make money in both as we have with the two together, are about growth. So the long ball, if you will, is we're a growth company. So we're gaining traction and growing categories. Now we're going to be able to extend these capabilities into our brands, both on the legacy Tyson side as well as some of the APF brands, although they're more foodservice focused. Think about our strategy. We are all about growth, we're about delivering exceptional results and we're about doing it in a sustainable way. We talk about those three words all the time, grow, deliver and sustain, and that is what we want to do. Now as it pertains to branded business, we want to continue to grow our brands, and we will, as demonstrated by our track record in the Core 9. But make no mistake about it. We're going to be focused on growing our company as a growth food company, the largest food company, frankly, in the U.S. and to be really unapologetic as it relates to getting growth wherever it comes.
Thomas P. Hayes: Yes. So yes, we're constantly moving around. One of the things that we have declared with this new organizational structure, to be honest, is that it's about making sure that we are focused, channel-agnostic on where the growth comes from. We are exceptional in foodservice. We're exceptional at retail. There's other channels that we play in, whether it's meats and so forth. But I would say that we're not choosy about where the growth comes from. We want to follow the consumer, and we want to, first and foremost, excite the consumer and excite our customers. We want them to be looking to us when they're looking for growth and protein in fresh foods. So as it pertains to where the volume moves and how operators are doing. I would say there's some real operator strength. We're focused, both in AdvancePierre and with Tyson, on broad-line distribution, where the growth is and making sure that we offer the right model for them to succeed. I don't have a view that – of the channels should make that amount very much different as it relates to our earnings potential and our growth trajectory, because we are a well-balanced company and channels. And so, we like that about our model, and so we're very aggressive growing wherever the growth may come.
Thomas P. Hayes: Excellent. Hey, well thanks for all the great questions. Before I go I just want to say Q3 was a strong quarter as you can see. We're wrapping up another record year. We feel great about 2018. We got to focus on the integration, executing our approach to what we call financial fitness across the board, growing sales, growing volume and growing EPS in the high single digits. That's our commitment. We believe that continuous improvement, and we believe in it, and that the fact that we are doing well, frankly, it's the best time to drive efficiency for the enterprise when we're performing well. And that's what we're doing and we're going to continue doing it. So thanks for the interest in our company. And I would say for all the team members from Tyson that are listening today, everywhere, thanks for everything you do for our great company. Very much appreciate it. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
Dennis Leatherby: Sure, Ken, great question. The high single digits would include the results of AdvancePierre. And remember, AdvancePierre is split into two parts. About 80% of it goes into the Prepared Foods segment. About 20% goes into the Chicken segment. And we're also dealing with about $87 million of incremental D&A. And as I said in my remarks, AdvancePierre will contribute mid to high teens EPS accretion.
Dennis Leatherby: As Tom said, Jeremy, in all the segments, we're expecting growth in volume and price so overall sales would be up. And as we said, incrementally, AdvancePierre would contribute an incremental $1.15 billion in 2018 over 2017. And in terms of the guidance for Chicken, it does include $100 million of incremental grain costs, still being around 10% return on sales. But very importantly, think about the incremental 3% volume growth on a base of, call it $1.1-ish billion, 3% meaningful to operating income year over year.
Dennis Leatherby: And, Heather, as far as Q4 goes, as you know, Q4 is typically our weakest quarter in the Pork segment, so we were just factoring in our normal seasonality. But you could be right, we could be too conservative on those numbers.
Dennis Leatherby: Very, well. Yes, so remember, we're as big in foodservice as we are in retail. So there's a lot of innovation happening at foodservice on Chicken. And we'll be continuing to drive No Antibiotics Ever. Certainly, fully cooked. There's a lot of fully cooked businesses, we're a leader in that space, and we have more capacity coming online and different forms, different packaging types and, I would say, that cuts across all, whether it's fresh or fully cooked. So without tipping our hand too much, Akshay, there are some things that are in the pipeline that you'll see, when we're ready to talk about them, but rest assured that we feel really strongly about our overall innovation pipeline. And I would say, we do feel strongly about our businesses, specifically as it pertains to Chicken.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: I wanted to ask you about the AdvancePierre synergies, and thank you for making the distinction between net and gross. So our analysis shows that on the Hillshire deal, around 50% to 70% of whatever you saved has in fact dropped down to the bottom line, so that's a significant number. But it is a gross number. And then on AdvancePierre, the synergy number is pretty large, and you've now said you have greater confidence in exceeding that number. So can you just talk to the sources of synergies and why the net number here is as high as it is and why you feel comfortable about that net number, especially given when you bought this business, it had already had a pretty significant margin improvement? So it's all great. We appreciate the numbers. But I'm just trying to get color on why you and we should have greater confidence about that $200 million dropping down to the bottom line. Thanks.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. And then on Chicken, another sort of long-term, big-picture question that you can maybe tie it into the 3% volume growth number that you're estimating for 2018. But what do you see as the margin up? Is there a big margin-up opportunity within Chicken? So you have a very good base business here. Is there an opportunity to make this a higher-margin branded business, more branded business down the road? And can you tie that in with sort of your near-term plans, right, where I think you've launched the ground chicken in your Tyson brand recently, and you're modeling a 3% volume increase. So can you help me, big picture, and then sort of bridge the gap a little bit with where you were in 2018? Thanks.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: And can you just talk a little bit most specifically about innovation that's underway in Chicken, so maybe some early reads? And a little more color on this 3% volume increase. I'm guessing most of it is from prepared chicken, but maybe some color as to where that consumer demand is coming from? Thank you.
