Dean Banks: Thanks Stewart. To close our prepared remarks, I just want to make a few comments about our priorities for the second half. Looking at the work ahead of us, we are focused on improving operating margins, growing above the market and driving sustainable return for shareholders. To improve our operating margins, we are driving enterprise-wide operational excellence, working aggressively to restore our competitive position in our Chicken segment and structuring our teams to operate at the speed of the market. To grow above the market, our team is focused on working closely with our customers to enable foodservice recovery and support ongoing retail demand. We've also increased investment in value-added capacity expansions in automation technology, which will support increased sales, high efficiency processing, and more agile customer service. Lastly, the strength of our balance sheet will allow us to continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders consistent with our stated priorities. And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Megan.
Dean Banks: And I just want to add just a compliment to Donnie and the team, we'd committed in previous calls to have visible operating metric improvement at the end of the second quarter. And from everything we've seen early in the quarter and coming out of the previous year, we had seen those operating improvements materializing. It's unfortunate that we're experiencing all the headwinds, but I'm proud of how Donnie and the team is managing those headwinds and the operating improvements they made, which will become visible, as we navigate the headwinds coming forward.
Dean Banks: Sure. Great question. We think some of them are structural in that -- in our program. We changed one of the males that we were using in our business and great brawler performance. But we're not seeing the -- those maternal characteristics, such as egg production and hatch, namely hatch. And so, we've got some of those issues going on. But in terms of the weather, it's a little hard in February, with the Uri, with the impact of that with all the power outages and so forth. We had eggs sitting on a farm without power. So, we saw a loss of embryos as a result of that. So, from February into March, think about this -- those animals that were -- those chicks that were impacted also went through the grow-out cycle and they had issues as they went through there. So, the initial impact was very expensive. But you think about the knock-on effects of that. It's -- those persisted all the way through April and we're just now clearing ourselves to that. But the other side of this, or the view of this is, they are -- in terms of the hatchet is improving. It will improve marginally as we move over, as we elevate -- if you think about our business and our breeder performance, we have a spread from the best to the worst. So just elevating and tightening that spread will give us improvement. Seasonally, we'll get a little bit of improvement. And the knock-on effects from the winter storm will give us a little improvement. So, we're not going to be all the way bright. It'll take us time to work the males that we're changing at. We'll have a new male in place everywhere. Let's call it, Ball and -- but it'll take a full year to see this come back to bright. But we're competent in that. And so that's where we are.
Dean Banks: Thanks. Great question. In terms of the issue, it's -- think of it in terms of a staffing issue impacting capacity. If I think about our Pork business, it's been taking us about six days to do five days’ worth of work, because of turnover absenteeism. The other part of that is in terms of the performance is related to not having skilled people in place. And so, we've not been able to get mix optimization in terms of maximizing the cutout, all those variety meats, all those components that are highly attractive from a margin perspective. We're short-staffed right now in our pork plant. We're working on things that you might would expect in terms of work schedules. We're looking at wages in all those cases, and we're also investing in terms of automation and technology to try to alleviate these more difficult and higher turnover jobs.
Dean Banks: Yeah. So, first off, the case is not just in China, but what we've seen in Germany, it really disrupted global protein flows. Some of the protein was obviously destined for Asia. China, early reports, where they were having some success of repopulating, but our latest research shows that that's really not happening anywhere near the pace that they hope. So, we still see really strong exports going into China to cover that gap.
Dean Banks: Sure. So, as I think about the -- let's start with the hatch issue. I covered off on a number of those things in terms of it'll be improving sequentially, but we're changing out of male that -- quite frankly, we made a bad decision on and will not be all the way bright until -- let's call it, mid-year of 2022. But we'll sequentially get better between now and then, and hatch. That'll help us supply and supply that we quite frankly need today. We're too dependent on the outside purchases meat right now. And we've -- the market has run up in there. So it's -- the ability to pass on that cost in the marketplace is next to impossible. And so, we need to get our own animals in place. And by the way, that outside purchase is predominantly breast meat and that we have good sales for the back half of the chicken, all the rendered products that come with that, of course, you see the wing bar are well over -- that are over three bucks right now. But in terms of getting to the 5% to 7%, and when I say 5% to 7%, I'm talking about 5% to 7% and business that's growing, growing top line, growing bottom line. And so, we got to staff the plans. I mean, that's an imperative here. And we have to compete with the very best and competing in this example is we need to have a cost structure that is best-in-class. And quite frankly, we haven't had that. And -- but we're well on the road. We have -- much like we did in 2008, we have a path forward. We're looking at those big rocks. Most of them would be in labor yield spin. Volume is certainly a big component of that as well. And we've got to service customers better. Quite honestly, we have not serviced our customers well in almost -- well, two and a half years. I talked about the SAP cutover and then COVID of last year. And so, we got to do that better for our customers. And that certainly helps us. And then that puts us in a position to continue to grow our business. We're being very successful right now with growth in the business. And when we service the customer in full, all the time across all channels, then we get the opportunity to grow our business at even a higher rate. So, all those things are -- all those things that would get you to the 5% to 7% and growing. But it's the fundamentals. It's the fundamentals of the business that we have to get in order. And we're very much aware of those. We're very much aware of where our gaps are to each one of those cost components. And so -- and we've got a good team working on it. So, more to come.
Dean Banks: Yeah. Sure. Well, look, I mean, I'll tell you. I feel really pretty good about -- our options here. If you think about our capital allocation in three big planks. First, we've been focused on building financial strength and that certainly true as you pointed out our debt to EBITDA ratio is looking good. We do have more debt coming due later this year. And, of course, we have a term loan that's outstanding. So, there's about $1 billion between those two. Then, think about investing in the business. M&A is opportunistic, but, of course, we have and will continue to be pretty disciplined there from a return standpoint. Where you have seen increased capital deployment has been around CapEx, we did earlier this year guide that we would be as high as $1.5 billion. We haven't been able to get some of the projects away as quickly as we've wanted, but you might take away from that early guidance that we have an appetite to invest behind our company in organic kinds of investments. And there are lots of strong opportunities in automation and another profit improvement areas in our business, and notably, lots of opportunity for us to invest in new capacity in our business. And we've got a number of new plants that are coming online. In the prepared remarks we talked about six different sites in our international business, wherever we're investing in new capacity. Donnie spoke about a couple of new plants coming online in the U.S., Humboldt has come online. So, more capital is going against capacity and then as needed for growing business. And then, lastly, of course, 10 years of building growth, we have not been shy to share that cash for shareholders, and we expect to continue to do that in the future. So, I think step back, we've got a well thought out, well balanced approach to capital allocation.
Dean Banks: Sure. I'll take first shot at this and then pass it over. But we still see tremendous continued retail strength in Prepared Foods and with 11 straight quarters of growth in our core business lines, we're able to command a strong presence there. And as it relates to pricing, we are probably experiencing high input costs from the Pork business. And that will ultimately get passed along. Most of our pricing -- in retail, specifically, we're in a position where we interact with our partner customers quite frequently, and they see what we're experiencing there and we're able to pass that on. We are -- we do expect in the next half to be increasing that spend. It's going to be a requirement obviously to remain competitive in the marketplace. Those investments have paid off in the past, taking against -- as you read and heard 81% household penetration, that's something that we can leverage long-term. In Prepared Foods, the other thing to really keep in mind is that foodservice is coming back. So, we've mentioned that 75% of the areas, which we cover are recovered at about 75%. While we've seen about a 10% dropout in restaurants, those are getting back-filled with those kitchens and a variety of other creative models that -- and ultimately, addition of restaurants to fill that void. We think that that business is going to recover strong. It's a lower margin business. So, we'll see that balancing out, not only due to throughput in the restaurants, but also channel filling, as we get prepared for the full recovery. And last thing I mentioned about foodservice is that please keep in mind, it's obviously regional and it's very different across channels. So, clearly, we've not seen a recovery in K-12 [ph] that we'd expected. And some areas of the world that impact our business, specifically in Europe, they -- they're still buckling under the pressures of COVID. So, foodservice hasn’t recovered quite as much as we'd want. So with that, I’ll hand it over to Stewart to talk about margin outlook.
Dean Banks: One other thing just to add to Donnie's answer. It -- just thinking about Humboldt specifically, as a reminder, there is a startup cost for Humboldt, which is about $60 million in the year with most of that in the second half. So, just keep that in mind for your model.
Dean Banks: Peter, one other thing I'd mention is, it's just not -- we wouldn’t want to avoid mentioning the impact of stimulus. And that's ultimately going to wind down and should have a positive impact on our ability to recruit. And also further something Donnie said, we have invested heavily into automation. And some of the tougher to staff is -- portions of the facilities, we can take that talent and redeploy to other parts of the facilities. You'll see that coming in the second half of the year.
Dean Banks: Thanks again everyone for your interest in Tyson Foods. We hope you and your families stay healthy and safe, and we look forward to speaking to you again soon.
Donnie King: Thanks for the question. Short answer is, yes. We have, obviously, locked in some pricing early, before we saw the run-up in grain. But we've been having non-stop conversations with all of our customers around the inflationary need for pricing. And they have been very responsive. We've had a lot of really good results in -- let's call it mid contract going and having a conversation with those customers. Remember our relationships with our customers, it is a relationship. It is not a transactional event for us and we've invested as they have through the years. And so, they've been very supportive. They certainly understand the inflationary needs and I think we will be quite successful in this endeavor.
Donnie King: Sure. Well, let me start with -- as we started the fiscal year, we had one objective and that was to simply be the best chicken company as we move forward. And we obviously recognize that's not where we were and -- or where we are. And so, we began to work on that. And as we get into -- as we got into this, we started seeing good results, particularly in Q1. However, in January, we started -- the recovery slowed down, driven by volume constraints due primarily to chick availability from an unexpected decline in hatch. The winter storm Uri affected our operations broadly, a significant event. We essentially lost a week across our entire poultry enterprise and more broadly across the rest of the businesses as well. As a result of these supply shortages, we compensated with outside meat purchases, which has driven our cost up as market price rallied sharply, particularly after the first quarter. At the same time, costs inflation accelerated with the grain, the highest in the last six years, wage increases and freight costs also impacted us. And as I mentioned earlier, we contracted a large share of our portfolio in the fall and early winter before the prices began to increase materially. We're continuing to deal with turnover and absenteeism. And -- but what I would tell you, despite these headwinds, the fundamentals of our business looking forward are actually quite good. Customer and consumer demand is strong, sustained demand in retail and foodservice recovery with ongoing chicken sandwich promotions. So the outlook and alongside the operational improvements that we're making and the pricing opportunities that we have are quite good. So -- but very specifically, I think about this business and the seven levers that this business or this business model and the levers are price. We simply need to be -- to get paid fair market value. We certainly can't eat all the inflation that we're experiencing now. We've got to get volume back under us. Our business is growing, and we got to get the harvest numbers back up for our business. And we have to continue to get more FP capacity online. We've had a great improvement in mix. We're still struggling with absenteeism. And then, we need to make sure our spend is imbalanced with the volume at which we're processing. And finally, we need to return our live production, spreads -- our historical spread to the industry, we need to regain those spreads. So, what I can tell you is, we know where we are really, and we're not happy with where we are. And we fully understand that we can't talk our way through our poor performance. We do have a great plan in place to be the best chicken company, and we've made great progress. And we'll accelerate that in the back half of the year. I'll tell you, we have a great team in place. Everybody knows what they're doing. And we're not afraid. We're not discouraged. We're a little bit delayed from the -- some of the winter and some of the activities inflation in Q2. But we're very optimistic about this business as we move forward.
Donnie King: I would add -- okay, I would add to that just that China is still at the -- at important deficit. There are new heard losses from ASF, which is slowing their recovery. So, based on the numbers, I saw quoted from Rabobank recently, there'll be flat to about 2020.
Donnie King: One other point I wanted to make related to the hatch issue is that, it's a bit of a double-edged sword and that not only are we buying a protein in the market to service our further process customers, but in the primary processing, our plant's not running full as some deleveraging. And so, you'll see us in the coming quarters, as we get hatch fixed, we increased capacity in our facilities. We'll absorb some of that deleveraging and get back to operating metrics and operating performance that come alongside that.
Donnie King: Sure. Great question. Humboldt, let me start with it. Humboldt is a fresh chicken plant. As we look at that business, it’s a growing category for -- predominantly for our retail customers. So, we started in the late April with some FP type products flowing through Humboldt. It will be July -- late July before we actually are harvesting in the animals in the Humboldt. It will be incremental. It will help us from a flexibility of our footprint. There is Humboldt -- or actually across our fresh portfolio help us de-clog and streamline some of our operations. Now the question around buy versus grow, we still support buy versus grow. We still get program, and we will continue to use that. What I've tried to portray is that we move two quarter on the buy instead of growing our own. And we were late, quite honestly, to be able to get the animals down and grow, but we started this year. If you look at the Q1 numbers, we were seeing pretty nice performance in Q1 and then we get into January and hatch really hit us and then the storm in February. And so, we're still processing all of that to understand what it means. But long-term, we will be fine. But buy versus grow is still a good strategy. We're just over dependent upon it right now. If you think about the marketplace, historically, the market would be around $1.10, $1.20, maybe even inching up from there for jumbo boneless skinless breast meat. As of Friday, it was $2.11. So, pretty significant increase in the market. And so, trying to get pricing around that you got to be -- that's a little tricky, but certainly all our models would indicate that growing. It would be the right course in this market environment.
Donnie King: Sure. I will add a little bit to it. There is obviously a higher grain costs in -- on the Beef side and then, of course, the drought conversations which could impact heifer retention, which could portend some longer-term negative implications. But based on everything we see throughout 2020 -- into 2022, at least halfway of what we can say today, there will be ample cattle supply.
Donnie King: Thanks. Well, there are lot of similarities. The good news, bad news is that we've been down this road before. If I look at some of the differences -- if I go back to 2015, for example, our volume -- our harvest volume in pounds sold is flat to 2015. So, that’s problem one. If you think about in this timeframe, we purchase Keystone, which I think it was like 4.5 million chickens a week from that. So, we’ve essentially rationalized that volume through all of our locations. Our capacity utilization is in the low 80s from harvest perspective. So, if you -- I mean, if you look at the numbers today, if you look at a 20% opportunity on top of that with all the latent capacity, there is a lot of upside from a cost perspective as you look at them. At the same time, our volumes remained flat. And our operational costs have risen, let’s call it, a 5% CAGR. We are on flat volume. And quite honestly, our customers aren't willing to pay for our inefficiencies and we don't expect them to. We've seen pretty significant price increase. If you think from 2015 to 2021, it looks like probably half -- $500 million worth of price decreases because of the market dynamics. And we've had a couple of special event. The SAP cutover in 2019 and then COVID-19 in 2020. So, a long story short there is, we got a higher cost and we get lower volume. And you can put together very simplistically what we have to do to get this business right, to get it to 5% to 7%. And then -- and I'd say 5% to 7%, that's where we're going, but I want to point out that it's 5% to 7% and growing our business, meaning FP business. It could be meat. It would mean harvesting animals to support that business. And so, we think we've got a lot of upside and the future looks a lot brighter than it does today.
Donnie King: Well, if I look at the time horizon over the last year, it's -- I would say it would be improved somewhat to, let’s call it, the height of COVID. We are able to staff plant. We are pretty close to staffing. Just the absenteeism that we are seeing is really unusual for us. And -- but if I look at prior to COVID, we're probably something in order of five, let’s call it, maybe 50% more absenteeism what we experienced prior to that. And so, there is not a magic bullet here. We're looking at all kinds of things, trying to generate worker driven solutions. We talked about wage and we quoted our wage rates that we have today. And -- but we're also looking at different shift model so that our workforce -- they wants us to be able to tell them exactly when they start to work and exactly when they get off, and very few are interested in a six-day-week or a surprised based on customer consumer demand. And of course, we're investing heavily in terms of automation and technology to try to eliminate the more difficult higher turnover jobs. But I would say across Chicken, Beef, Pork, Prepared, in terms of -- it takes about six days right now to get five days’ worth of work done. And so, it's impacting capacity and costs.
