Donnie Smith: Thanks, Ruth Ann. Morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. In our last call I mentioned to you that Q2 was typically our weakest quarter, and as it turned out, it was on par with the first quarter and even better when you take into account the $0.04 for note repurchases. I don't think this is just a matter of peaking early because we still expect Q3 and Q4 to be strong. We're just getting started with the summer grilling season so the expected seasonal bump up in demand is coming.  The economy seems to be improving slightly, according to the NPD Group. Consumers are beginning to loosen their purse strings when it comes to food purchases, which is a positive for protein demand in both Food Service and retail. But frankly, our outlook for the rest of the year doesn't take into account any boost from the economy. So the only negative I can point to now is a little bit of disappointment in our international operations. Although there was improvement from Q1 to Q2, it's still a little bit of a drain on the Chicken segment. And some of it can be attributed to start-up costs, but there are also country fundamentals and execution issues that we're focusing on.  We have a lot of work to do in some locations, but there are improvements being made and we're committed to our international growth strategy.  And with that, I'm just going to go ahead and turn it over to Jim for segment reports.
Donnie Smith: Thanks, Dennis. Well, it was a great quarter and it's shaping up to be a great year. We're still working to improve our Chicken operations and a few of the Prepared Foods businesses but we'll get there. As I've said many times, we've got the right team, the right plan and the right to win. I hope we're making believers out of you.  Tyson team members are getting a taste of success and I can tell you they like it. So I don't think they're going to let up. Let me take this opportunity to let our team know how much I appreciate their focus, their hard work and their dedication to making this company successful.  I'll end with that and leave plenty of time for Q&A. Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Donnie Smith: It's really the same answer. We're just running very, very efficient businesses. And when you look back at the normalized, I can look back because I've been around a long time and know the issues that were impediments to for us to maximize the efficiency and to maximize our revenue. And most of those, and not all, are very corrected. And I haven't heard for sure about a plant in East Moline.
Donnie Smith: Christine, while it's important, I think, in any business that we keep an eye on the competitive landscape, I want to continue to reiterate we really don't focus near as much about what we hear about or from the competition really as we do about our competitiveness. And we've said repeatedly that we're going to be increasingly more competitive, and I think we're starting to demonstrate that. Our primary focus is going to be on our customer. If we add value to our customer and we're growing their business, we'll reap the reward of growing our business. I'm sure I sound like a broken record. But as we grow, we'll look at our forward demand then we'll determine the inventory levels necessary to fill that demand, and then we'll adjust our supply plans to optimize margins by either buying the parts we need, if the demand is not in a whole bird increment, or by adding to our production base if it is. I'm really confident we've got the right plans. We're focusing on the execution of the fundamentals for success in our business. We've got adequate capital available to us to continue and invest in our business and make the improvements we need to compete and be the best in the industry.
Donnie Smith: Yes, we did buy meat, breast meat, in the quarter. And really, the genesis behind that is Q2's typically a fairly weak quarter in dark meat pricing. And so our plan was to go into that quarter and buying the breast meat we need because, especially with Russia closed, we really didn't want to grow a bird in whole bird increment and put excess dark meat out into the marketplace at what we thought would be pretty low prices. So it just made a lot more sense for us to buy the breast meat we need and then begin the ramp up in whole bird increments as it moved on into Q3. So we worked our plan.
Donnie Smith: Farha, I'll hit that at a look pretty high level. Number one, if you look back over our last couple years, we've been fairly capital constrained in our Chicken business. And frankly, there's just some catching up we need to do to make those plants more competitive. We have focused some of the money, I'm not going to get into too many specifics, but we have focused some of that money on getting our Chill Pack business, Tray Pack Fresh Chicken business at retail kind of back into the game. We needed to add some flexibility to those plants. We needed to get back into hand deboning, several things like that, mainly around the flexibility. And now we've got the capital to do that, and we're getting that business in a position to where it would be competitive. And then if you move around the rest of the company, there's lots of things we can do to un-bottleneck lines that make us more efficient, add ways to improve our labor efficiency, our line efficiencies. Those are the type of projects that we're doing that'll help us fundamentally operate our business more efficiently, and give us, by the way, the capability we need for growing the business forward. I think it does a great job of putting us into a more competitive position going into 2011. A lot of the things we're working on, we'll see some benefits during this fiscal year. But there's some other stuff that really doesn't start until late this summer, like our Q4, that'll move on into the fall, that'll help 2011 put our business into a position to be even more competitive. So I hope that gives you enough flavor.
Donnie Smith: Let me go back and kind of rehearse a little bit from last year. We held our production back at bay because, frankly, going into Q2, so call it January of '09, we were sitting on quite a bit of inventory. We were up around, I don't know, 600 million pounds or so. So we kept our production trend back throughout the summer last year while we sold out that inventory. And you can kind of see that in our year-over-year comparisons for the quarter. Then as we moved into Q1, what we wanted to do is make sure we come out of Q1 with our inventory, let me call it right sized. So we did that. And so going into this year, in order for us to just sell this year what we sold last year, that's without any sales growth, we've got to add about 250 million pounds of production just because that's what we took out of inventory. Right? So yes, we're running a lot fuller today. We're placing and set in full at every one of our locations, except one and that's by design. So as we move forward, there will be an increase in pounds produced. Now let me hasten on to say, I don't want you to confuse that with any excess or anything like that because we look at our forward demand and then we build an inventory plan to support that production and those sales into the marketplace. And then we come back against that and balance our supply. And at times, we do it in whole bird increments and we grow more chickens, and at times, we put ourselves in a position to be able to buy parts on the market. So that's a dab long winded, but I'm going to turn it over to Jim and see if he wants to add to that.
Donnie Smith: Well, certainly our capacity utilization will improved and that is a lever. I wouldn't say that's the key lever. As we look back, there's lots of things in our business that we do to drive value. And of course, we always focus those on driving value first for the customer. But back in our operations, there's line efficiencies and labor efficiency improvements to be made, faster utilization is a play, yields certainly are a big play for us. So it's a card in the deck, but it's not the only card in the deck.
Donnie Smith: On our international operations, that is really not a big number. That won't materially affect your model for the year. So we're steadily making improvement in those operations and it may add back a little bit. But I don't think it's going to sizably impact your model at all.
Donnie Smith: You're getting too specific. We would get into that giving guidance area. So Ken, all our focus is on getting this business better. Our teams are doing a great job. They've got a list of projects that they're working on that are going to make all of our business segments more competitive. And looking at the market fundamentals in front of us and looking at what we're going to do with our business to make our business more competitive, we sure like the way it looks out in front of us.
James Lochner: I'll handle that, this is Jim. We're very confident in that increasing our guidance to 2.5% to 4%, or a normalized operating income, I should say. And the primary reason is we really, over the history of that normalized range, had a number of start-up plants, some non-competitive regional plants, and what we've done over time is just continued -- first of all, we've shut those down, they're gone. And we've continued just to improve our efficiency, our labor efficiency, our operating costs and just running a much more competitive Beef business, even without having all the export markets opened. And we've seen the total rise of revenue come up, and we're managing that spread very well. And I'm very comfortable with our plants in the regions that they exist, that they're very competitive. And that gives me a fair amount of confidence to stay and manage that spread. So I'm very comfortable with that at this point.
James Lochner: We really focus on managing our own business. And of course, we stay very close to the supply fundamentals and the demand fundamentals. But the primary is we got rid of non-competitive plants that were really embedded into those previous operating results.
James Lochner: Let me give you my opinion. Obviously, it's based really on looking at the supply fundamentals and then a number of good demand indicators. I'll start with the latter part of your question. The export, certainly, the dollar value could change. But we've just seen very strong interest in Beef and Pork exports. And when you look at those year-over-year and the forward interest seems to be quite strong, and it goes really back to, basically, the worldwide supply of protein. And as you know, the industries across the U.S. and the world pulled back their supplies from lack of profitability during that '07, '08 time frame. And you cannot simply flip the switch and start to rebuild the infrastructure to grow the supplies back. So the key component, when you look at the fundamental on that supply is that peak year of '07, '08, and we're still substantially below the breeding herds and the laying flocks to be able to replenish that supply. So I don't expect to see the supply come up anywhere soon out into the next couple years. And if you really look at a couple key demand indicators, you saw Food Service demand, particularly in March, also surprising pickup. And I've watched a number of indicator cuts, particularly in Beef, that seem to be indicating that we're clearing the available supply quite handily, particularly when you look at the choice cutout. Like last week, up 16% year-over-year, and then look at the Pork cutout, which is up astoundingly over 57% year-over-year, and poultry price is up. Do I think they'll be forever, no. But particularly, when you look at this point in time in May, you're starting to see that influence of lack of supply.
James Lochner: Yes, the key component -- we just continue to look at every avenue on maximizing revenue, that's yields, that's deboned, that's looking for the proper mix, that's watching our price realization against indexes. It's really managing the customer's expectation to continue to grow. And then we really have very excellent focus and continued improvement on looking at our key performance indicators on cost. And it's just a process. And I won't get quantitative as to exactly how much more runway, but we're not pleased with our own performance yet. And we have a poultry team that has got their head down working very hard and very, very, very happy with what they're focused. And then additionally, we're really adding a fair amount of process improvements in our plants on CapEx in domestic Chicken. We're adding mix flexibility. We're adding labor efficiency. We're adding a variety of projects throughout the whole domestic Chicken segment. So rather than get specific plant-by-plant, I can assure you that a good part of that Cap is flowing into domestic Chicken for those types of process improvements.
James Lochner: Diane, I would say that we really don't look at it different. I just said, in the previous answer, we've added a lot of CapEx to improve efficiency. And if I look back, I'd say that we didn't hit the right process improvement changes. We weren't keeping ourselves up to date across all the plants, and we are really focused on adding a lot of efficiency, mixed utilization, debone capacity, just basic improvement. So as we continue to make sure that the thought process we have is indeed realized in results, we'll go from there. But it's really not that much different. It's just a matter of we really have implemented a lot of process improvements, a lot of key performance indicator. As our confidence comes up, we'll be fine.
James Lochner: We're very pleased with our continuous improvement and our goals are very lofty. As we try to get more competitive, our goal is to get as many plants as possible in the top 25%. We're not there yet but we're very pleased. I'm not going to get a very quantitative on the final answer other than qualitatively telling you we're very pleased with the progress. But on the same token, we got plants that we've got a lot of work to do. And that is the genesis behind putting some CapEx improvement in and some of those will take time to materialize. So we're very comfortable with our progress.
James Lochner: Sure, we got plants -- we run a lot of plants and some of them need to improve, and they're very much aware of their standing every weak. They look forward to that report saying if they made progress or deteriorated. And every one of them has a very detailed plan and knows exactly what they have to do to make that improvement. And they're chasing themselves. And that's the other key. I mean, we have a lot of confidence in our own data, and they're very much benchmarked against that as well. So the dialogue between plants is very, very impressive. The sharing of ideas, technologies and improvements is very impressive. And it's a journey. It's a process to continuously improve.
James Lochner: I'm guessing it was. I mean, the other product quarter was really -- that was very strong was the year that Canada had their BSE, which was in '03, and we had major supply interruptions and then Canada couldn't ship to Japan and other parts of the world, which created a supply deficit. But the key, when you just really look back at this quarter, it all goes back to the setup of domestic availability of protein because the import-to-export balance, the supplies of all four species being down, and then as demand perked back up and imports fell off, that's why we're seeing very strong prices. The producers are very comfortable with the revenue increases, and we're doing very well because we hit this when our Beef operations and margin management group had everything working very, very high orders. So their execution was good and I can't say enough about Beef and Pork and Chicken and Prepared, for that matter, all their focus on the business. And then we've got a pretty good fundamental here. But that fundamental -- also a rise in prices was followed by very fast rises in Beef prices -- in Beef cattle prices. But I don't remember a quarter, myself, at this stage.
James Lochner: Well, I read the same basic data that everybody reads. But the interesting thing was March, three of the five weeks were reported by Technomic's, had positive year-over-year sales growth. And then I've been watching a couple key indicator cuts, like Beef tenderloins that rebounded dramatically from a year ago. They're still not to their five-year average, which would imply that casual dining is starting to pick up a little bit because that's the primary consumption point of that particular cut. And then overall, just anecdotally, we're hearing a little bit of interest particularly in that Casual Dining segment, as the consumers start to get a little bit more confident in spending money out. So I don't really have any more facts or indexes other than what I read.
James Lochner: No, simple answer. You're reading the fundamental -- right, I mean the revenue has increased. And like I said, cattle cost have followed it up but lagged it up.
James Lochner: The answer is, no, I don't have anything real specific that I want to share. But we continue to be very pleased with our focus on customer. And we've had some wins, we've had some losses. That's the normal course of business. Our continued focus on mix management and providing the product mix that the customer wants and the consumer wants has really been the overall win, and that gives us the ability to chase the maximum revenue. So that's really been the key. I wouldn't say that there's been any specific surprises that have been out there, one way or the other. Donnie, I don't know if you've got any other comment.
James Lochner: The key is we're really looking and finding a lot of low-risk projects, and then we really manage the execution upon completion.
James Lochner: Yes, this is when I'd kind of point out some USDA numbers that to me, are very interesting when you look at pullet placements, particularly, as we look forward into the remainder of this year and out front. And I think what's interesting is that the Jan, Feb, March pullet placement number, when you look at, particularly, March down substantially but then I aggregated those three months, and we're down 1.5% yet in pullet placements compared to '09, but more outstandingly down 4.2% compared to '08. So I know there's a lot of thoughts about the overall supply. But if you go back and really look at that five-year run and peaking out in '08 before there was a supply correction, it is pretty interesting to look at that structure. And then the other interesting thing at the present time is simply the amount of egg production that's declined because all the indicators show that the age of hens has increased dramatically. So we have some indicators to me at particularly out in the nearby future anyhow that the supplies overall constraint just because of amount of laying hens available.
James Lochner: There's all kinds of risks out there that we watch and really manage around. Our real focus is knowing what's in front of us in our supply regions, what we have for our customer base. We really manage our own business. If somebody does something on our -- I can't dictate what the competition's going to do nor do I even try to predict most often.
James Lochner: Well, I didn't make any comments, but you're very clear on the size of the cowherd and we've got good pasture conditions throughout profitability. So if there is going to be a year where you start to see heifer retention, it certainly is the setup right now. And the other key component on supply, I believe, as that happens, obviously, there's less heifers that go in the feedlot supply. Our thought process is simply we're where the feedlots are. Our plants are located in the right regions. And if there's a competitive slugfest that happens on feeder cattle, the non-competitive feed yards are the ones that are going to be the ones that probably are going to have to shift. So again, I like where we sit. And from a plant location standpoint, the industry fundamentals, as I said earlier, is something we watch very carefully, as we try to plan through our work and know exactly what we have to make changes out front. So we're watching them but I haven't see the -- right now, the cow slaughter has been surprisingly high, which is very conflicting.
James Lochner: That has no bearing in our thought process on increasing our normalized range. It was entirely due to looking backward to what drove our historical normalized range and a number of the issues that were impediments there that have been removed as we've improved our operations and got rid of non-competitive plants.
James Lochner: I'll give you some commentary. It may not be a quantitative prediction. I always tell people I'm not in the prediction business, I'm in the analysis business. But the key is we're off to a great start in this planning season. So I mean, some of the estimates, that at least I read over the weekend, are we could come to and be at 80% plant, which could be favorable for even adding more acreage than the original projection. Moisture is not lacking anywhere and we had a huge South American crop, so we have a very ample worldwide supply and we don't have, at this point, any threats to the corn supply. So that should continue to put pressure on the fundamental. The wildcard out there that's been getting a fair amount of play is just that China is importing more corn and so the exports related to the dollar will have some influence on it. So we don't see the pressure point on grain, at least with the fundamental setup as it exists today.
Dennis Leatherby: Ken, this is Dennis. Frankly, it was too expensive. What we're trying to do is look at buying back bonds, much like we are with capital expenditures. We want to make sure we have a decent enough internal rate of return and payback, and when they get too high, we're out of the market.
Dennis Leatherby: Vincent, this is Dennis. There's a couple things: One, we had a pretty good surge in sales, about 4% versus the first quarter or just under 10% versus a year ago. So that's going to drive a pretty big amount on roughly the same days. We also had a significant tax payment, which is kind of nice. That means we're making money again. And we also had some April 1 interest payments, and our quarter end was April 3, so there was about $56 million that ordinarily would have been a Q3 payment.
Dennis Leatherby: Farha, typically, we look for projects to be at least a 20% MIRR. Oftentimes, these are 30% or more with strong paybacks and net-present values. And the other thing that's very important about these, too, is they're pretty low-risk projects.
