Eric Dey: Hey, Tien-Tsin, this is Eric. There’s a number of reasons for that. Let me see if I can explain them to you, I guess first if you look at it from a GAAP perspective. Our GAAP net income was actually up about 25% over 2011 and the reason for that is our cash compensation -- our non-cash compensation expense between 2011 and 2012 was actually decreasing. And as a result of that decrease, it actually impacts the adjusted net income on a cash basis. We also have an increase in our number of shares outstanding in 2012 versus 2011, which is also impacting the calculation. Thirdly, the acquisitions that we completed in 2011 have a lower margin than does the rest of our businesses today and obviously as we get into 2011, we’re going to be working on those business to bring those margins more in line with the company’s line average. And then finally, we’ve taken a bit of a conservative view, when we take a look at the macroeconomic environment, looking into 2012 primarily as it relates to FX rates. FX rates are currently running a little bit lower than the average was in 2011 and our average spreads in 2011 were higher than like the last 3-year average. So, we took a little bit more conservative view on those as well. I think those things combined resulted in where we were from a guidance perspective. 
Eric Dey: Tien-Tsin, this is Eric again. Yes, I would say that same-store sales across Central Europe are running, meaning in the UK and our Czech Republic business are running probably flat to down somewhat in 2011 and we expect that trend to continue into 2012. 
Eric Dey: And obviously too, just add onto that, our same-store sales in Russia are actually extremely well. Doing extremely well right now. 
Eric Dey: First Phil, just to remind everybody, we closed the AllStar acquisition on December 13. So, it had very little contribution both from -- well first, from a revenue perspective and it had no contribution from a profitability standpoint as we booked a bunch of deal costs in conjunction with closing the transaction. So, there was nothing from a profit standpoint. And it was single digit millions in total revenue for the quarter -- for the month really. 
Eric Dey: Phil, I think to answer your question overall, I think we expect that obviously revenue per transaction to continue to grow on both of our businesses in the U.S. and both internationally as well. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, I think if you strip out all the words that Eric said, you ought to think about the organic businesses comparable with ’11. So we peel back all the detail. I tell you that our view is the businesses are growing basically the same if you kind of chuck out the environment. 
Ronald Clarke: But I would say here Tien-Tsin, it’s Ron, that we mentioned this in the last, I think in the last call, the nose of the plane is up a bit in the U.S. but it’s not everywhere. The California market is still not great, but I’d say we are on the plus side now in the U.S. fuel card same-store. Finally, that thing is up. 
Ronald Clarke: Wayne, it’s Ron. High, would be the headline, and again, we like markets with the model setup well, not only of payments early in the cycle, but the model in terms of basically the way the economics work, particularly in Brazil are pretty attractive. So, I’d say both Mexico which you talked about the last time and South America are interesting to us. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, I wouldn’t comment on actually a country, but I would say if you pulled up the public comps, there is a couple of public comps, CL and ReadyCard, you can see kind of their growth rates in acquiring and in processing are very good, but we are obviously, I think I have said this repeatedly, we’ve been in the business for 11 years so we know every company basically everywhere and as I've said to you, we are in conversations. We are about trying to buy assets we like to. You should assume if there are people anywhere we are talking to. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, I’d say again it’s less interesting Wayne, as we’ve said before mostly again, because of the market dynamics, right? The country here it’s more penetrated and the model is obviously more competitive, the more players doing what we do here, but again if there was an interesting property here, we would look at it, but I’d say we like the looks of properties in other markets more. 
Ronald Clarke: Phil, it’s Ron. On the second part of the question I’d say the 2 places that we are investing. One is in technology, so the way to think about it is they have some kind of baseline run-rate of what they are spending, right, to run the systems and enhance the systems they have. And we are basically spending money to basically tailor and implement our technology, so that would be kind of an incremental spend this one year. And then same on sales, they basically spend relative to their base significantly less than we do. And so and they use much a narrower set of channels to acquire customers than we do. So, we’re going to both spend more in total and we are going to introduce some new channels, new ways to acquire accounts that they don’t currently use. 
Ronald Clarke: I’d say a fair amount of it hinges on the technology, but I’d say that we’re going to obviously go carefully, but I'd say, as we exit this year we’ll probably be 1/3 to 1/2 of the way and probably you get to a year from there we’ll be 2/3 of the way would be kind of a guestimate for you. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, again it’s a mix Phil, its environment right has given some with the higher fuel price or higher spreads, but b, it’s the product mix that we go to, so we’re selling and have converted. We have a lot more of extended network cards that we earn more revenue. So over the prior period, we have a greater mix of higher profit products in our base now. So I think we told you we’re probably 75% of the way through that set of conversion so we expect that to keep rolling into 2012. 
Ronald Clarke: That’s a good question. I would say we’re on track with the plan at the end of the second quarter. We’re planning to basically go live in the first market. It’s actually a market that Shell has picked in Asia. And then basically kind of as we get into the fall, the plan is to start to implement some other bigger European markets. So kind of starting Q3 and Q4 you should see transactions start to increase from Shell. 
