Ronald F. Clarke: Sure, Sanjay. So it's really mostly in around our Corporate Payments business. And so we have a couple of interesting counter-parties where we might separate something and actually have a pure play that has more scale and synergies and stuff. And so we're kind of in the final mile of working through those conversations and seeing whether there's something there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think generally, the comment I gave is comp. So if you look at the various macro factors and the way we're exiting both fuel price spreads, FX, et cetera, I'd say that sitting here today, it feels like kind of a neutral-ish to maybe a smidge positive. And so obviously, our organic stuff puts that to the side, right, that it is between print and organic. But I'd say I did want to just provide a bit of a preview that unlike this year, Sanjay, with interest rates up, whatever, 400 basis points, that the grow over basically across some of our key profit levers looks quite good. So the setup looks way more normalized than it has in the last couple of years. 
Ronald F. Clarke: It's a great question. Good to talk. We can only get into this debate, Tien-Tsin, tonight. So yes, we've got a couple, I'd say, of additional transactions that we're looking at to fill out a couple of the product lines. But this is -- I don't know how clear I was in it, but mostly an organic play where we get -- we use basically these big consumer active blocks, right, of accounts and just match it up with what we already have, right, which is the payment network and the merchants. And so the million dollar question there, Tien-Tsin, is just that velocity. So when we show 2 million people some additional related things, what's the take rate going to be? So I'd say that most of the thinking, both studying what we've done in Brazil and obviously studying this deal, the view is that it's organic. And the key, as you heard me talk a million times, is cost of sales. That's the key to growth and profitability. And so the good news is our view is we're not going to do tons of marketing. Hey, let's go out and spend gazillions of dollars, but rather try to light up big bases. So I'd say we like the EBITDA profile basically and getting that thing to go. So a couple more deals and mostly organic, that's the game plan. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Let me start, Tien-Tsin, just on the segments, yes. So segment one will be vehicle, which will be our global Fleet business, our Brazil business and then honestly, really, this consumer, which is a big part of the Brazil thing today, so the PayByPhone and the other things would be in that. Second business, obviously, Corporate Payments and then third business, Lodging. So those would be the three lines. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Good question, Darrin. Mostly everything, right, is going well to post, I don't know how many quarters now, 20%. But quite a few from where I'm looking at going forward. And I think the sales inside of the 17% were in the mid-to-high 20s for that line of business, so that tells us that we're selling a lot. There's a lot of demand. In terms of what's working well and not well today, everything is working well with the exception of that channel business, which we've spoken of. So again, that thing continues to decline but will become, as you know, a much smaller part of the total, which implies again that the direct business is growing closer to 25% to 30%. So look, as I said before, we spent whatever the last couple of years assembling stuff, right, software, getting scale, getting more scale across border. And now the game is really marketing and sales. We put the brand out a while ago. We've added head count as you see in the sales growth rate. So that's the game now. It's really just to drive new sales faster and get those implemented. And unlike some other people have reported, to your point, because we're a middle market, the book is pretty stable, right? Our same-store sales look stable exiting the quarter, so we're not seeing any of that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Good follow-up. I think ultimately, Darrin, we just like the business more than some of the people that looked at it. So when you look at the tax leakage and dilution from that, I'd say that we spent a lot of time making that a better business than when we shopped it 3 years ago. And so the premium that we were looking for about what it's worth today, right, to pay the tax, I think people didn't get close enough to where we or I wanted to see the thing. So we feel good enough to hold it. With that said, as part of this review, we went through all the other kind of small non-core things. So we do have 2 kind of non-core things that we're kind of actively talking to buyers about. So there's a couple of hanging chads left there. But both that and the broader counter-party thing, we will have mopped up when we come back to you in 90 days. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Look, great question, Ramsey. So if you step back, our current business is really in 3 markets, 3 countries, call it, 90% of the company. Right here, Brazil and the U.K., so that would be the answer. So we're -- of the $1 billion target, we're, I don't know, $350 million or $400 million consumer payment business in Brazil today and close to 0, right, in the U.K. and the U.S. And so part of this PayByPhone idea was to get a big customer base in the U.K. and in the U.S. where we already have these networks again was the idea. So there's no plan, for Tien-Tsin's other question, for us to go fire a young man to far away places and to try to build a business where we don't have networks and management and stuff. So Brazil, U.K., U.S., in that order, is how we're thinking about it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Good question. And unclear, I'd say. We thought -- I think I called this out because we started to see it in Q2. So again, let me go to the top and maybe this will be helpful. So inside of our Lodging business, we serve, call it, 4 or 5 different customer subsegments. So we do things like airlines, insurance, railroads, construction, things like that. So one of those segments is kind of this project-based segment. So think like consulting firms, retail merchandising people, environmental companies. It's only, I don't know, Ramsey, 300 to 400 clients in it. But they field pretty big teams of people. They go to places and stay for a while. So maybe 10 people go to a city and stay there for 2 or 3 weeks. So that's the nature of the business. So literally starting in Q2 and more in Q3, say 50 out of those 300 clients just start to go like super soft. So when we call them, they would say things like, oh, hey, Walmart, who's a big client for merchandising, moved that in-house. They're not using our third-party company to go there and do merchandising in their stores. Or hey, a couple of our construction clients flipped over to using some local contractors instead of their own people. So I'd say we're just not really sure. The good news is the other segments, we don't see it. It's mostly resident kind of in this one place. So I think we've printed, what Tom, 10% organic. So that thing actually went backwards, that [ managing ] a bit, while obviously, the rest of the businesses went forward. So we're kind of outlooking, Ramsey, the thing to kind of stay softish here in Q4. And then obviously, we hope to get a better idea when we make a turn in the next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Good question, Pete. So I'd say it's been a pretty busy and active, whatever it's been, 6 or 9 months strategic review. So look, the good news in it is when you put out an ad like that, it does generate incremental activity. So we do have, as I said, not only some separation discussions still going. But we've surfaced some additional M&A targets that are kind of interesting in and around the same space as people look to the phone. So look, I think our priorities around capital and leverage are kind of the same. Our target is 3. I think we're running, I don't know, 2.5 or 2.6.  We're buyers of our stock. Obviously, at this price, if we grow 9% to 11% next year, we grow the bottom faster. That's a 10x EBITDA multiple for company compounding in the team. So we're buyers of our stock. Let's say, 3x leverage, we'll go higher.  For a deal, we do have again a few interesting things in this consumer space that have surfaced and a couple in our core Corporate Payments base that we're chasing. So like always, I'd say, those will be the two main uses. I think we'll generate, I don't know, low $1 billion to $1.3 billion-ish. I think it's in our early look at next year, plus we've got leverage still, right, where we're sitting today. And the EBITDA will grow next year. So a handful of deals and buy our stock back would be the order. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, good question. So if you look at our print for 3 quarters and even into our guide, I think we've stepped up sequentially, as we said, right? EBITDA margin, I think I quoted between 54% and 55% this quarter. And I think Tom and I look at it kind of the same number for Q4. We kind of looked at our plan for next year, similarly, which gives us a little more money because we've kind of gone past some of these capability acquisitions. So I'd say we'll ramp up the sales and marketing investments a bit but look, initially at least, to try to keep the exit of our margin kind of between 54% and 55% as kind of the target for next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It's a good question. So let me start by saying that most of the competition for the prospects that we're trying to get are on business cards. So in the older days, there was cash and house accounts and other things. And now when we look at the customers that we want to have that we don't have, many are on business cards. And some of those are on our competitors' fuel cards as well. And so the idea is really to go to new accounts with a combined -- effectively, a business card and a fuel card in one. So -- and target that against verticals that use fuel cards that have people in the field. Think of like field services like HVAC or construction, things like that. And so that's the basic idea that we've now wrapped -- I don't if you guys remember, we bought a company about 2 years ago called Roger that we re-branded as Corpay One. So we've wrapped all that technology now around a business card, so that it's mobile-centric kind of automated expense capture and stuff around the business card, and then connected that to our proprietary fuel card capabilities and networks. And so what you've got is a business card that's a little more high tech than some of the bank cards, combined to a fuel card that has controls and advantaged economics, and it's bundled into kind of one package and one account. And so the testing on it has been super duper good, and we're literally in the market selling the products now. So the biggest difference, I'd say, is the focus. It's new accounts versus back to the base. It's in a couple of verticals. And the product has been revamped or rewrapped with kind of some modern technology. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, I think you can see it a bit in the KPIs that it's volume. I mean it's really not rate. So in the 2 big businesses there, the payables business and the FX business, it's volume and it's what you said. I think I just quoted it that in Q3, again, I think the sales of those businesses were up 28% year-over-year over the prior, and we had a blockbuster first half. So you've got this huge implementation backlog effectively of new volume, new business that's coming on the books, which helps give us the predictability. A lot of the sales we're making in this quarter or next quarter will obviously be implemented in the spring and the summer next year. So it's not really complicated. We finally are off humpty-dumpty work of putting a competitive set of offerings together and have made the turn really into marketing and selling them, and they're doing a great job at it. So I think it's pretty straightforward. And then B, we're getting leverage in that business on the profit side. I think, Tom -- it's looking about $1 billion ballpark, call it $1 billion per year in revenue. And so the scale of the business now and compounding at 20% the incremental revenue, the flow-through margins are 75% to 80% on that stuff. So it's obviously increasing the EBITDA margin. So it's just -- it's in a good spot. It's a giant TAM, and so the game is to just keep chasing, chasing hard after it, because we finally have what we need there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: It's Ron. So happening, I'd say, a little slower than we'd like but happening. So again, it's -- I guess, we're about a year into the pivot. I can't remember how clear I said it, but it's worked, right? In Q3, the credit losses in that business went in half from $24 million to $12 million, and our outlook for this quarter Q4 is $25 million going to $10 million, so down $15 million. We have traded a bit of late fee revenue, right, because we don't have those small accounts that are going later or obviously going bad. So I'd say that it's in process. It's been pretty complicated to turn that digital engine to bigger accounts to make sure that they're creditworthy and that the algorithm is working. But we're seeing I think, as I mentioned, sequentially an increase in the what we call [ above-5 ] card market there. And then second, we started building the field and Zoom staff that will contact -- that will be outbound, if you will, on that a bit larger seam than the micros. So I'd say that we're moving some investment dollars along with pivoting the digital engine. So the plan is for it to pick up a lot. I don't have it in front of me, but I think our sales plan for that line of business here in the U.S. is up 25% next year on the back of that of, one, the digital pivot and, two, the incremental field sellers. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, there is no margin profile in that business, right? That's been a go-go growth business compounding, I don't know, 20% to 25% the last 3 years in their preliminary plan standalone into next year. Into '24, it's another 25%. It's circa, call it, $50 million next year, call it, $40 million this year, pro forma, going to $50 million, kind of earning virtually nothing. So the -- again, the big idea is what we can do with it, right, which are two things. One, we've got a ton of businesses that are already -- the employees are already using their app here in the United States and in the U.K. So we're obviously going to go to our business clients and hopefully dramatically increase the amount of B2B parking that the company has instead of "consumer parking" where FYI, the rate is substantially better if you're working for a business. And then the second one, I think, we said is we have networks they don't have, right? Beyond parking, we have EV, we have service. We have registrations and fines and compliance kinds of things. And so the idea is, obviously, to try to light up their customers who are in the app making payments where, remember, we got the information. It's Ron Clarke, he's on his iPhone, his license plate is XYZ, he's on his Mastercard. The data that we need to add an EV recharge is kind of in the account when we show up. So we expect the synergy, if you will, to take that thing into positive territory, right, as we head into 2024. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Bob, good to hear your voice. So obviously, there's a few different flavors that we're working on depending on who the counter-party is. There's actually a pretty fascinating structure that we're looking at where we could spin out an asset of ours effectively into a private entity and have someone else combine their assets into the same private entity. We would obviously control and own some fair amount of that company. So we'd consolidate it, work on the synergies, and then basically IPO that a different day. We're looking at another scenario where we would literally put our asset into another company. So there's a few different combinations. And it really is just a function of how accretive, what kind of premium we think we could get by separating something and combining it which, again, makes a lot more sense to us than the "pure spin" where we're kind of guessing at pro forma multiple. So we've been in conversations with a few people for quite a while, and we're trying to figure out whether the thing makes sense or not. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Another good question. They're kind of 60-40 in terms of revenue, but they're both kind of compounding around the same level. And I'd say early days, without Ron pushing too hard, I'd say next year is high teens to [ 20% ] again. More to do to give you that final number. But I think -- yes, I think we believe, given the sales again that we got in the Q and the backlog that come online next year. And then we've got a couple of monetization ideas to get more card, if you will, with some of the accounts. So I think it's -- even though it's big, I think we feel good about the thing just keep getting up and going again next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It's another good question. I think the whole thing turns on the existing active customer file. So the big learning, I think, in Brazil, just to walk back in time, is if you recall there, the original consumer business was mostly tags initially. So hey, you go to the toll booth, you go to a store, you go online and, hey, I want a automatic toll tag, and I get one, and I stick it on my windshield and there it is. And so the big idea a couple of years ago there was to get people onto the phone, to get those same people that had a tag to be on the phone. And so what we learned there is once they are on the phone and checking things like their account or, hey, we put the content on like what the value of their car is because we know the car and stuff, that we found that there were 3 million of the 5 million people every month on the app on the phone doing stuff. And so that's what enabled the sales of additional things, for example, insurance, providing insurance. And so that's the hurdle. That's the million dollar question is, can you take a couple million active users that are on a phone every month in the U.K. and point them at 3 or 4 other things related to their vehicle like EV, for example, like servicing their car? Will that take like it has in Brazil? Because we have the rest of it. We have the networks. We obviously have tech that connects to these networks and have the host computers and the like and all kinds of G&A that's still on the top of all the stuff. So that's the focus. The game is that conversation, that marketing, that app with the consumer and their willingness to basically take things. And the secret idea I keep telling you is there's no more dated input. So rather than having 3 or 4 separate apps where I type in, I'm Ron Clarke, I have a Range Rover, here's the license plate, here's my credit card, here's my phone number and so on, it's kind of one and done. The vehicle and you and your card stuff is already in place to make the parking app go. And so it's kind of in place for the add-on apps. So I would point you to therein lies the big question to how fast we can grow this thing. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Let me just give you one thing, which I found fascinating. You like this or not. But to me, it's a bit of peanut butter and jelly. Hey, you've got a phone in your hand, and you're doing parking, getting to the park here. I'm going to be here for an hour or whatever. And then you carry it away and you go on the app and you extend your time another hour. So I know exactly when you parked, when you're leaving and stuff. Hey, what about contents insurance for that 2 hours? How about while you're parked at the stadium watching a game or something with no deductible, we covered during that 2-hour period theft from your vehicle? So I give that one as an example of we can nest, we think, some things like super duper close. We have your registration and stuff. We could provide notifications and reminders of when that thing is up. We'll scan for fines that you have. So the power of it is really in it being super close to what the existing application is. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Trevor, good question. I'd say probably too early a set of days to give you a super good answer. I'd say that we've done more work as we started sooner around the Corporate Payments. And because that stuff sells and then installed later, there's way visibility into the forward year, right? I kind of know what the backlog is as we head home for Christmas. So I think the big question of where we come out is, how much juice from the new, new stuff? So obviously, the baseline global Fleet business has been kind of low single digits the last few quarters. We obviously have 2 kind of big upsides around this new product line and new channel. And then obviously, this consumer piece, for example, like selling businesses parking. So I'd say it turns on that. To me, the question is how far out and how much are we going to invest basically in trying to boost some of these incremental things to try to move that number up faster. And remember, with the vehicle combo with Brazil, you're probably already at -- between the international, Brazil and the U.S., you're probably at 7% to 8%, so call it high single digits before you take a breath. And so the real push is going to be how much new, new do we layer on top of that. But as you can tell from my conversation, that that's what we're on and that's what we're going to really try to push. It's the #1, 2 and 3 assignments of this company is to take that big business and reuse it and get it back to being fine and exciting and going somewhere, so that we have 3 businesses that people like instead of 2. So I want you to hear loud and clear that that's what we're on. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So that's such a mouthful, Ken. So I'd say, first off, we're not sure, right? We've been working at this, and we have a couple of attractive combinations. But I don't want to leave this call where people think, hey, it's a day to complain, and Ron is resting or something. So that would be point one. I'd say they're possible, but I don't want to handicap it beyond that. That's number one. Number two is it depends on the structures again. So one of the structures that's kind of interesting is this idea of us spinning assets into a private entity and someone else. And in that case, it would almost look to me like a FLEETCOR company where we have a minority investor, which we had that world before, so I'm busy thinking about that thing as I am today. If it went the other way and we were to basically RMT it into something else that was public, I'd probably sit on the board and have a plan in advance of doing that, that we were clear on kind of where the thing was going. So to your point, to take something that's super valuable, we and I have to be super convinced that it's going to go on a path that makes sense, and it's going to get results that will warrant a premium. So we are spending a lot of time on those social issues and talk about how that would go. But my comment to you is I think I and others would be super involved certainly early on in whatever combination we went forward with. We're not going to just spin it and close our eyes. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's a good follow-up. I'd say not much. I mean there's a little bit of it when FX volatility kind of right softens and kind of where the dollar was, whatever, a few weeks ago. But I'd say it's really on the margin. If you look at again what we're printing there, it's just -- it's the sheer volume growth, which is adding just more clients and more spend. And I'd say we're generally pretty stable, with maybe a smidge softness to your point, here and there. And then remember, for us, the diversity in that business, right? So we originate, I guess, about 80% of all the business, all the revenue outside of the United States, right, so in Canada, the U.K., Europe, Australia. And so the geographic diversity in kind of the originating currencies also have a big impact. So the -- it's a little bit of a hedge, right? One place is a little bit weaker, but then the counter-party is a little bit stronger. So I don't say we're immune, but I'd say we're not seeing much in the way of slowdown. 
Thomas Panther: Yes. And Tien-Tsin, we wouldn't expect it to be margin dilutive. Again, look at Brazil as our bellwether. It has attractive margins across the rest of our portfolio. So we think that's a good indicator of what the overall business can be as it expands. 
Thomas Panther: Yes. And for your modeling, we're really just combining Fleet and Brazil today. And so based on how we report operating income and how you may model the business at a more detailed level, it would just be a simple summation of those two. We wouldn't anticipate any type of shift in the margin profile. It's just bringing those two together into the vehicle payments segment. 
Thomas Panther: We haven't seen erosion on the supplier level either. We continue to see good network expansion. Cardable spend continues to gradually move up. So the interest level from the merchant side and the supplier side continues to be favorable. 
Thomas Panther: Yes. And I wouldn't also lose sight of the international business. It continues to sell quite well. Year-to-date, 10-plus percent levels of sales growth. So that also helps generate the overall fleet performance that you're seeing. 
Thomas Panther: Nate, I'll take that. Again, I'd say the international markets continue to perform quite well, both Mexico, in Australia, Europe, U.K., all of them performed very well. But even within our U.S. business, we saw our enterprise segment do quite well. Even some of the over-the-road trucking was able to do some level of positive growth relative to the overall blended growth rate. So while the international markets carried most of the weight of the positive growth, we did see some pockets within the U.S. business that was also accretive to the overall. As we said, some of the small fleet business is just struggling a little bit in terms of filling the bucket back up with the sales activity as we've pivoted upmarket. 
Thomas Panther: And in Brazil, that's over 60% of the customer base is using multiple products. So it's a number where we feel like we can get some really good penetration over time as a significant number of people would do just as Ron described, that use case of I wanted to use one app to service the multiple types of activities and, ultimately, payment transactions surrounding their vehicle. 
Thomas Panther: Trevor, that's certainly a contributing factor in terms of the synergies that we're able to realize with Global Reach. We did a lot of heavy lifting over the spring and early summer to move on to one platform. We're able to eliminate some of the back office costs, technology costs. That was a significant contributor. And then just the positive operating leverage within the business and just look at the structural dynamics of that business and how the 20% revenue growth against a relatively stable fixed cost base are just going to generate positive operating leverage and drive margins higher. So combination of synergies and structural components would be the things that contributed to that. 
