Eric R. Dey: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now, everyone should have access to our first quarter press release. It can be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies' similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today's press release and on our website as previously described. Also, we are providing 2015 guidance on a non-GAAP basis. Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2015 guidance, new products and fee initiatives, and expectations regarding business development and acquisitions. They are not guarantees of future performance, and therefore you should not put undue reliance on them. These results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today's press release on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Others are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website as previously discussed and at www.sec.gov. With our standard disclosures out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. Ramsey, this is Eric. And in Q1, just to give you some round numbers, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, SVS contributed approximately $40 million, $42 million in revenue and $0.08 to $0.09 in cash EPS. And in Q2, again, there is a lot of seasonality to the business. And Q2 is traditionally the lowest quarter in terms of both revenue and profit by a pretty wide margin. So Q2 was more in the $30 million revenue range and around kind of, call it, $0.05 in cash EPS. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. Ashish, this is Eric. Yes. I mean, when we called out that 40% or when I called it out, that is normalized, assuming the same fuel price in 2015 as we had in 2014. So it's on an apples-to-apples basis. That product has been growing kind of in the mid-20s. I guess, if you go back and you look at the last several quarters, our growth rate has accelerated a little bit in the quarter. Again, it does bounce around kind of from quarter-to-quarter. So we saw growth in both transaction volumes and gallons during the quarter, and we also saw growth in revenue per transaction as well, which is kind of contributing to that increase. But it does bounce around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. I mean, if you go back and you look at the international business, I think Ron actually made some comments around this. I mean, certainly, there are some businesses that have softened a little bit. You look at our Russia business as an example, which is kind of flat to kind of down from prior year. We've also seen economies soften in places like Brazil, which have impacted transaction volumes. But we have other places where transaction volumes are actually performing well. I mean, the U.K. as an example, the rollout of euro shell into the couple of markets that we're already into. And when you add it all up, it kind of adds to around flat transaction growth. But again, I think it's more than anything else. It's just softened economy in a couple of places that's kind of driving the number. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. Glenn, this is Eric. In total, the Comdata revenue was approximately $145 million. From a margin contribution perspective, I don't have that number specifically. We have taken that business and kind of merged certain segments of the business with some of other FleetCor businesses, so it's kind of hard to dissect that. But as a general rule, when we bought that business, the margin profile was a little bit lower than FleetCor's. And obviously, our objective is to, through revenue synergies and cost synergies, obviously, to increase the profitability of that business and make it more in line with the FleetCor average. But to-date, it is a little below the FleetCor average. 
Eric R. Dey: It's the latter. We grew that business. If you exclude the SVS business, I think that grew organically around 7% in the quarter. And obviously, it's our stated objective effectively to get to that business to grow more in the 10% organic range. And again, we've just started with the integration process and are starting to invest more money in sales and marketing, and it takes time to actually build up that capability. So we should see, hopefully, those numbers increase as we get towards the end of the year and into next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Dave, I'd say we're probably in about the same place. We built an internal plan that had Comdata earnings in the high 20s. And our best guess now is that thing is still going to land about 20% for the year. So we had said, when we did the transaction that we wanted to grow EBITDA in that business 20% plus through the midterm and I think year 1 will be that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, if you remember there's 2 different things. We actually are going with an extended card in the U.K. with Visa. And on the continent, we're actually going with MasterCard. So there are 2 different programs with 2 different networks. But it is finally live in Europe. We've been in the kitchen a long time with that product, so to have a quote in the market and start testing, it's great news. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Again, on paper, David, it's a giant number, right? Again, the majority of Europe fuel card penetration, again, is on private label, oil company cards. There are not many independent universal products in any of the countries, and so the potential is enormous. The question is what's going to be the share. Our customers are on private label programs. In Germany, you're going to want a universal card. And so the answer in the U.S., as we told you is yes, almost all new accounts opt for the universal cards, but it's too early to call for Europe. 
Ronald F. Clarke: No, just -- like always, the base is getting a little bit bigger. And we pumped some additional sales people into that business kind of a little later than we thought. So we're hoping, we'll kind of get back to that 20% as we work our way through the year. So it's really just the absolute size of the business getting bigger. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, again, the property that WEX bought was called Fleet One, which targets fundamentally smaller, David, smaller fleets, think 10, 20, 30 vehicle fleets. And the majority of Comdata's business is, it's very large. I think they have 18 or 19 of the top 25 fleets. So the answer is, we're kind of in different segments, and then b, I'd say it's stable. We've had very little attrition last year and, in fact, over the last few years, very little attrition on that business. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So the way to think about it, Ramsey, is the providers of health care, so think hospitals, docs, dentists, right, that actually receive the payments ultimately. So let's say, Comdata signs up with TPA who is paying Ramsey's doctor's office, he pays all 300 docs that he has, and then you basically call him and say, "Hey, I don't want to get paid with a virtual card." So an individual provider will basically tell his TPA, "Hey, I don't want to get paid that way. I don't want to get paid by check. I wanted get paid by ACH or wire," or whatever the guy says. And so basically, we plan and our business plans some opt-out rate, right, because, obviously, some people that go on this don't want to be on it and it's running higher than that plan that we build. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Because, obviously, Ramsey, the cost structure is pretty fixed in that business, so when revenue flexes down, obviously profits flex faster. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd say we're -- you got to always see, obviously, the final documents and understand where we are. So we're getting to the end. We're obviously in final documentation with the party. So I'd say we're still going to make a decision, but we'll be making a call in the next 30 to 60 days. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd say, in terms of new business, there's a couple of things that we're working on. I think we've said it historically, it's a long boil. So it's hard to say when, but we are in conversations with a couple of big people about helping them with their business. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, the short answer is the second thing you said, right, it's not related to our involvement. And yes, you're right. Although we're calling out the opt-out rates running higher, what you said is right. The business still delivered 30% plus, and the full year forecast is in that kind of a range. So I don't want to give the view that it's not a terrific business because it's one of the core reasons we bought it. It's just not quite as super terrific as we thought. So it's just going to inch back a bit from our plan. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, there are -- I think the major difference again is the taxes, the VAT treatment in Europe. So we -- we've launched kind of version 1.0 that has, call it, 80% of the capability, and we hope to be out with kind of version 2.0, call it, another quarter that gets -- it gets us almost all the way there. So we are working to kind of equal the U.S. functionality. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd say, Phil, it's worked out pretty well, not perfectly, but I'd say, call it, 90% of what we had planned. I think the reaction has been good. We spent a fair amount of time testing our way kind of in the first quarter. So I'd say there's not much left for us to understand. Now we'll start to pick up some of the benefits of that kind of in Q2, 3 and 4. So, so far so good. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I think we called out when we did the deal, 10% and 20%. Right. There's a lot of operating leverage in that business below the line, so we built an internal plan that had total Comdata without SVS, call it, in the low teens on the top, and as I said earlier, kind of mid to high 20s on the bottom. And despite the opt-out thing that I called out, it'll still be, we think, 10-plus on the top and 20-plus on the bottom this year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: They look the same, Phil. We are working on a series of things, some early, some kind of in the middle. And actually, we just had a board meeting last week to review our liquidity, and we've got plenty of liquidity there in our line that we can draw on to do transactions. And second, we're coming out a bit the other side of a lot of Comdata work. It's about, what, 9 months, I guess, since we signed. So I'd say we are eager if we can -- we could find the thing that we like. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, James. It's Ron. I don't think much has changed on that front. The same likely suspects are evaluating. Some are in RFI mode. Some are in RFP mode. And I'd say, as I mentioned, we're grinding along trying to brief them and get them comfortable. As I've said in some of the prior calls, I think all of them want to see how we and WEX do with Shell and Exxon and make sure we do a good job, have the right proof, the right kind of confidence. So I'd say again that there's big clients with big portfolios that are evaluating the thing, and we'll see when they'll finally pull the trigger. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a great question. We've identified a couple of others. I'm not going to call out what they are, but 2 additional verticals beyond the 2 that you named. It fit our screen in terms of the kind of clients, the kind of merchant that work the economics, the characteristics that make those attractive. And then second, we completed a big growth piece of work that we commissioned a couple of months ago and have started investing. We put millions into the budget, I think I've mentioned before, to step up spending in a bunch of areas. And so for example in construction, we've got a good position, but it's tiny against the potential. So we're doubling down on that vertical and also in the direct to the horizontal area. So we are eager to build up that business, and we're spending money right now to do it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I think that call-out, Matt, is right. I think the thing went from a darling when we get in; whatever, 3, 4, 5 years ago to less so today, and obviously, that affects employment-related products right in the conversion of formal employment. So we would concur with other people that the environment is not the greatest. But for us, going from having, call it, a couple of products, including kind of a paper toll product to having the market-leading food card, the market-leading fuel card and now an electronic toll product, I'd say that the opportunity -- and again, we're pouring a lot of money in the opportunity for us to grow these new lines, despite kind of a flat economy, we still think is terrific. So the core business we have isn't going anywhere too fast because of those reasons, but we think the new lines of business will. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, if you kind of run through the 3 products that we did a deal, we get a food card product which we started marketing in a big way in the fall, so call that 6 or 8 months; the new fuel card product went live, call it, a couple of months ago; and literally, as we're speaking here, the electronic toll product. So everything is, call it, 6 months new. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, they obviously can happen in tandem. We've got a bank that's helping us on the SVS work, which has given our guys some leverage. And again, we continue to work the relationships that we have, and we are actively looking at a set of things now. So we're back and busy on it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I think, Tim, it's probably too early to call. I think you're on a good point. Obviously, there are some merchants who reject the payment method out right and then others who take it and then choose to opt out. And to your point, if you made a different proposal, like a Comdata direct that didn't have the same interchange or requiring rates you might get those people back. But I think, again, the thing is still roaring. It's early days. There's tons of markets. There's tons of merchants taking it. There's a lot of benefits versus taking pay for even ACH in terms of the recon and stuff. And so I'd say our early view is there's enough interest in the benefits of this thing and it's growing fast enough that we're going to kind of leaving it at as it is for now and take a look a different day. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a really, really good question. We're actually in the middle of that project right now. We've gone back and underwritten a huge study on both the AR and the AP side to try to understand whether we need a more holistic offering for AP people. And then your point, is there a different set of services we could provide on the supplier, on the merchant side to make them happier? And so we've got, as you can imagine, a number of ideas, and so we're kind of working through that. But the answer is, yes, we will clearly broaden the things we do for both sides of the wheel there over time. 
