Ronald F. Clarke: Okay. Great, great. so what I was saying, where I cut out here, is no surprising sales, right? So I think we'd shown previously kind of the climb back, right, from a year ago where we were against the baseline. And so to basically post really a record number and really almost across the board, I'd say that's probably the most surprising, most positive thing.   And then the second thing, I guess, I'd say is just the ratability. Obviously, coming into this year, we were a little cautious, right? Should we give guidance? How well can we plan this business, et cetera. And so I'd say both this quarter and the first half, along with our outlook that we're -- that I'm surprised that basically, things are tracking as well or better kind of than the plan that we build. So that -- those would be the couple of things from me. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's a good question. So I'd say a couple of things. So again, we have taken up the second half from 90 days ago. But more importantly, I think the sequential number was already up a lot, Sanjay, I think before we printed the number for Q2. I think I commented 90 days ago that our full year number had our Q4 revenue up, I think, $100 million from Q2. So that would be my second point that we're outlooking basically making $7 in the second half versus $6 off of a good quarter here. So it's still up, but we had already basically forecasted the thing to sequentially keep improving. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So I think I said in the last call, we always start with a pipeline. We have attractive things in front of us. And yes, we do. That's what caused us to refi the thing and take up our liquidity. So yes, I know I sound a bit like a broken record, but in front of me is our pipeline sheet. We've got 2 or 3 things close in that we're going to decide on and we've got another kind of 2 or 3 things that we may do before the year is over. So as always, we've got some interesting things.   And then second, we've -- I think we've got enough liquidity. I don't have it in front of me, but circa $1.5 billion to $2 billion. We're generating, what, $250 million a quarter. So that's another $500 million in the second half. So we've really got, for once, kind of plenty liquidity. Leverage ratio, I think, is in the mid-2s. So when you put it all together, I think we feel pretty able to do, Sanjay, virtually anything we want. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Thanks for your question. So I'd say looking at the thing in front of me, I think the difference is we've got kind of 2 flavors. We've got a couple of things that are similar to the AFEX and ALE. They're kind of more of what we do, where we like the prices and they're accretive. And then I'd say we've got a couple of things that are more adjacent. I think I called out a year ago this idea of kind of going up the value chain in corporate pay, like AP automation, as an example, kind of do more for the client between his ERP and our payments. So we've got a couple of things like that, that are not square in the categories but nest pretty close to them. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean that's also a good question. So yes, we did our kind of nice [ 93 to 10 T Box ] review halfway through the year review and the sales forecasts are in absolute numbers always higher in the back half. So we have forecast that are up in -- up even more against the 2019 baseline. And I did try to -- I know there's a lot of chitchat in these opening scripts, but I didn't want to just double down on the comment around this digital thing. I tried to call it out, but I'd say it's the most hopeful like for me that I've done. I've taken this question, 100 times of, hey, Ron, can you just spend more? Why don't you just invest more in sales and marketing, sell more and all that kind of stuff? And I've always said that, hey, we want good returns. We don't waste money. And practically, it's hard to hire 50% more people and you have turnover.   So at this time, Tien-Tsin, it's a bit different with the digital because you can kind of turn the crank, right, in a way and generating more visitors. On the call, I said we did that and generated 50% more visitors in Q2 than we had in the trailing baseline quarters. So that's the one place I'd say there's a ray of light there of us being able maybe to really step up the digital sales even more. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Pete, it's Ron. Let me just jump on the back of Chuck's comment, your part B. Yes is the answer, maybe not obvious from our Q2 results, but we actually spent some incremental money late in the quarter both in kind of incremental digital investments that I spoke of, along with IT. So I think the answer is to the extent that we're tracking ahead of what we're committing to here, I think you would see us spend more money. We've got some places where we think we can get returns now. 
Ronald F. Clarke: James, it's probably our technical thing to cut you off. But just to add to Chuck saying, again, the retention in that business is our world. It's super duper high. And obviously, we had incremental payments with clients we have. So that obviously drives the growth. That continues to inch up. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Trevor, it's Ron. The macro is kind of going in a couple of different ways, right? There's happies like fuel prices that you called out. And then there's sads like, for us, like COVID in Brazil. Obviously, this came in worse than -- is worse than we thought. So there's kind of puts and takes in that. But to me, again, the thing I tried to say it earlier, I don't know people heard me, is it's not just so much the incremental guide, hey, we're guiding to whatever, 80 more at the midpoint. It's sequentially, even previously, we continue to believe there's an acceleration in the business. Again, that if you look at second half versus first half or even Q3 versus Q2, we're talking about revenue stepping up another, call it, $50 million. So I just don't want people to miss that, that we -- it's a business we can plan. And so we forecasted that roll rate, if you will, in the subsequent quarters. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Trevor, it's Ron again. Let me just jump on to Chuck's thing that the thing that's fascinating is it's super concentrated. I don't have the exhibit in front of me, but circa 75 clients account for 1/2 to 2/3 of the softness in that particular line. And the good news is they're still alive because they haven't showed up in our losses. So it's not an across-the-board thing. It's literally the small handful of super impacted clients that are still kind of down but not out. And so to Chuck's point, to the extent that they come back, we haven't planned a bunch in the second half for them. But to the extent that they stay open and come back, that could be happy for us next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Ken, it's Ron. It's a good question. So the first thing I'd say is it's been different than we planned because Brazil slid into a COVID problem kind of in the February, March period. I believe it's starting to come out. If you look at the curve, it's starting to kind of reopen. So that's the first comment is the activity and people driving obviously is less than we planned.  But what I'd say for this particular thing is it's less credit because we do put some of the stuff on credit cards, and we do have experience with customers that we take money from their bank accounts. So we're -- we've got the credit under control. It's a network issue for us. So we spent a lot of time optimizing the digits on the software that go in parking garages and fuel sites and fast food to get the right performance, to get super high performance and stuff. And so we put a ton of capital. I think, Chuck, it's in the $10 million to $20 million range again to build out.  So they're adding network like crazy now, which we see already even through this COVID lens volume going up because we've got obviously millions of consumers already that have the tag that just need a gas station or parking garage near them.  And so I'd say that it's the combo of those 2 things: one, the rate at which we build out the network; and then two, the rate of recovery of people driving around again. So I don't know when those -- that thing will cross the curve, whether it's later this year or the beginning of next. But I'd say we're still -- based on the investment I just mentioned, we're super bullish on the idea. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Another good question, Ken. So I'd say still early days. I guess we've owned it for, I think, 6 months now. We've got a few thousand. Last time I looked, having 3,000 kind of active clients, SMB clients on the platform. So it's working, it's out there. We're starting to market. Obviously, we had to do a lot of work to get the digital selling machine and the tech built in and get it combined into other FLEETCOR assets and stuff.  And literally this month, in August, we kind of launched the cross-sell. I think I mentioned it in the top of my comments that we're taking the fuel card UI that, what was it, call it 100,000 clients use to go in and pay their bills and basically putting in the Roger payment platform to pay the FLEETCOR bill and offer to pay additional bills. So that thing is actually going live in this month.  So we'll report back. But I'd say, again, we're -- the category is super high. We've got a super good product. We're selling a few thousands, and we're making sure the quality is good. And were on the 1-yard line here to launch the cross-sell. So early, but I'd say encouraging so far. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, it's Ron. That's another really super good question. I'd say it's a mix. So the EV action, if you will, is super pocketed. So we really only see stuff in Europe. So when we convene and we talk about EV and who's doing what, I'd say it's all quiet on the Western front here in old U.S.A. But we see it in certain markets. It's pretty active, for example, in the Netherlands. It's starting to become active in the U.K. and it's -- interestingly, it's starting with the big accounts.  And so what we are seeing is the corporate accounts, which I guess are trying to be green or whatever have more money and are willing to kind of dispose of the old-fashioned combustion assets are kind of the early adopters of the thing. So we are seeing some exchange, some transition among our client base at that level, at the corporate level.  And then Part B is what you said. We're trying to get the model clear, okay? What spend -- I don't know if had a chance to flip through the supplement we put out. But to me, it's just almost shocking that to drive a van into a EV station in the U.K. or to drive an EV van into a public charge point, it's the same cost to the guy. The guy spends -- or the gal spends the same amount of money for those -- to fill up or the recharge. Like I don't know if that would be what people would think.  But when you look at it based on the efficiency of the vehicles and the markup that the charge point guys are charging right there, you're like, oh, I didn't know that someone like FLEETCOR can actually get paid because there's real spend. And then this idea that we have live now of actually putting software at the employees' home to -- so he's not burdened with his own electricity costs and putting boxes and that stuff in, we're getting a bunch of money for that and a lot of demand for it. So it's a little of both. It's starting to head this way and then us trying to get out ahead of it so we can articulate what the model looks like. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So let me be clear with you. We're not trying to give guidance, so let me go on the record. It's really just trying to say Chuck and I provide guidance here in the back half of $7, so just helping everybody with the math. So in a recurring business, that's an exit rate of $14, that's just what we provided.  And then I just did want to comment on a couple of super happy things. We work on deals and these are kind of FLEETCOR wheelhouse deals. And so they're rich with synergies. So our confidence -- my confidence is super high in that kind of $0.50 to $0.70 increment because obviously, they're late coming into our company and the synergies are well as the year goes on.  And the other thing is something the treasurer took me through a couple of weeks ago that we made a bad hedge or a roll off and so I'm happy. So I just want to make sure people are clear that there's some happy set of things in our business, including the exit rate of the business and these couple of things that we can see. But obviously, we're going to work hard to keep selling way more and buying way more. So I wouldn't, in one second, try to suggest that what I'm saying is anywhere near what the guidance is going to be. We'll cook that as we run through the year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: David, it's Ron. Just the one add to Chuck's thing there is the retention. I think someone -- Sanjay asked me at the opening of the call, I should have called it, hey, what's surprised us so far? Fuel card retention. I called out at the top of the call, we hit an all-time high. I don't know if we break it out, Jim, or not, but we're showing up at 94% for the company. But inside of that, we hit 92% from the fuel card business. So when you roll that through our sequential model, that creates lift in the second half as well. So we're at all-time retention. We've had crazy good sales, to Chuck's point, and we're getting a little bit of macro happy from fuel and COVID recoveries. So you put it all together, things climb pretty good. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. David, yes, it's -- no, we think it's a pretty big idea. As I said, we're going live this month. And I think the trend is coming to us, right, that more and more of our both U.S. and European fuel card clients are using UI, using their phone and using the desktop and particularly going there to pay us, right, their invoices, right, whether they get an e-mail reminder. And so we have all these clients showing up pretty frequently inside our software UI.  And so what we've done, what we've been working on is taking the Roger bill pay software and basically making it the bill payment system of record. So when you go into the UI and look over to pay something, that platform is working. So we don't really have to rebuild the bill pay platform in the network because we got that already. And obviously, we have all those capabilities from our other businesses, merchant networks and the deals we have with our friends at MasterCard. We have all that other stuff, vendors that do paper making and everything.  So really, it's just customers. It's just seeing if the accounts are comfortable using the UI to do more than just pay us. And we'll have certainly a report for you back, but the numbers are just staggeringly big, right? It's over 100,000 just here in the United States are paying a bill every month on these UIs. So we're hopeful, I don't know if you want to call it the super app, but the idea is more and more people are using these software apps with us. We just want them to be more useful and we've got another product that's ready to go. So it's going live. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So it's kind of almost free at this point to the client. We're looking at whether we should get subscription money for the software, if you will. But really, as you know, we get paid on the back end, mostly the stuff that we run through our cards and then obviously cross-border, call it, 8% to 10% of the stuff that could be cross-border. So we'll probably make it super attractive to our client base initially, get paid on the back side and then look to feather in some software SaaS fees as we go. 
Ronald F. Clarke: John, it's Ron. That's also a good question. So first, just FYI for you, the company we bought 2 years ago called Nvoicepay in Portland was the pay provider to Coupa Pay. So we're pretty clear on what Coupa Pay is trying to do. I don't think you could ask them that they've done a lot today of combining the pay with the software, but I know that that's their ambition.  So what I'd say is for a year or 2, we've studied and looked at a bunch of companies that have software that's kind of up the value chain, right, AP automation, scheduling approval, workflow software and even on top of that kind of procurement contract compliance kind of software that you've mentioned. Our take on it is it will be all of the above, which means some clients will just take that AP automation software like they do from Coupa and not to pay. Some people will just take pay like what we offer, and some people will take both. And I think I've repeated that we probably will offer that. We probably will offer the both. I don't know if we'll offer the stand-alone AP automation software or not, but that's our take that based on the size of the company and the industry that they're in and the research that we've done is it won't be one size fits all. It's not like everybody is going to do it one way.  So we think it's a good idea. It's something that we'll look probably to offer. We do partner with people where we offer the pay into their software. So we're studying how well they're doing it. I call it, peanut butter and jelly. Is it going to be peanut butter and jelly? Or is it going to be not peanut butter and jelly? So I think the jury is still out on it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. George, it's Ron. On the first part, the sales thing. So yes, I think I mentioned we've been surprised to the upside against the plan that we built. And I'd say this -- I'm sure it will sound funny to everybody, but it's been fuel. We've actually sold more year-to-date in the forecast. So the second half is actually higher in fuel than the plan that we built. So most of the overperformance against our internal expectations is fuel, and most of that overperformance is digital selling. We keep growing the share of new digital accounts that we're onboarding. And as I mentioned, we're investing more at the top to try to drive that. So that's the overperformance.  I'd say everything else is kind of mostly on plan. We're super pleased with it. As you mentioned, the plan is up, way, way up from last year and even up against '19. So I'd say everybody else is kind of delivering what we hope for.  On Part B, who knows on the infrastructure bill. I'd say, first, tell me what infrastructure is. And if it's like what it would be, what you think it would be, which is kind of fixing stuff and construction-centric, it could help us a lot. I'd say it looks a lot to us like the stimulus from last year obviously helped us get paid and helped a lot of our clients stay open and pay payroll. And so I'd say the same thing that if that comes to pass and gets funded and its regular old fashion kind of infrastructure where stuff gets built, we're pretty weighted concentrated in that construction segment. So it's got to help us. If there's more money and more work for those sets of companies, that will flow through to us. I'm not counting on it, George, by the way. It's a political thing. But if it comes to be and it comes to be the old-fashioned infrastructure, it's happy for FLEET. 
Charles Freund: Peter, this is Charles. So on the softness recovery, I'd say the impact has basically tracked to our plan, but it's come in a little bit differently in that T&E spend came roaring back faster as the domestic airline travel and lodging that's associated with it. A few of the other areas were a little bit slower. So some of the industries that we called out in terms of cruise operators or hotels and lodging and such still haven't quite recovered where we thought they would, so mixed bag. The good news is it is tracking the plan. We do believe there's still further upside moving forward into the second half. So still optimistic that we'll get to where we more or less planned, but it may just come in a little bit different. 
Charles Freund: Yes. James, this is Charles. The corporate payments business, as you said, kind of outpaced a number of the other businesses in terms of organic growth. And it was really driven by 2 areas. Our full AP was up over 50% as was the T&E. The T&E piece helped a lot through macro recovery or environmental recovery, I should say. In terms of the full AP being up over 50%, that's driven by strong sales. And so as we came through the pandemic, we actually continue to sell a lot of that product as people were looking for digital automated solutions where you can have as many people touching invoices. And you didn't need as many people to run processes. And during a lockdown, it's super helpful to outsource that process to us. So we had a lot of demand through COVID and that's continued into this year. So sales continue to be strong there, and you're seeing the flow-through on the revenue. 
Charles Freund: Yes. We don't have a lot of fuel buying in the full AP area. So you have a little bit of it in T&E. And our T&E, our multi-card business fuel is about 7%, 8%, maybe the spend. But in terms of overall kind of what we call corporate payments, it's not a big factor. 
Charles Freund: Yes. So the $80 million lift, AFEX runs about $10 million roughly per quarter -- sorry, per month. So that will be a sizable contributor there. We are getting a little bit of macro love with fuel prices and we'll be coming -- FX seems to be kind of okay. So I'd say that between AFEX of, call it, 60 and then some of the macro and then we've got -- the rest would be organic lift versus where we thought. 
Charles Freund: Yes. So Trevor, you're spot on in terms of where the softness lies, mostly in that virtual card area where we would handle payments for cruise line operators, ticket operators, hotels, restaurants, et cetera. Commercial construction continues to lag a bit as well. There is still some softness that we're seeing -- lingering softness in the cross-border business, too, which I'd called out there, particularly Australia. That market is struggling and actually come back in a lockdown now. So I'd say you're spot on. We don't view this as structural, meaning that we believe it can come back or at least most of it will come back. It's just more of a timing issue. So the potential is there. It just hasn't recovered yet. 
Charles Freund: Yes. So Dave, this is Charles. So one thing is we are seeing some higher fuel prices. So that's certainly helpful. As Ron mentioned, also great digital sales. So sales are -- and in that business, sales are recognized and turned into revenue pretty quickly, pretty quick translation. So that's helpful. Last year, as you know, sales were pretty awful. So that created a slightly different trajectory. So we're back on kind of where we want to be. So I'd say those couple of things combined with a little bit of COVID recovery still to go, but those things combined will help lift us a bit faster in Q3 versus Q2. 
Charles Freund: Yes, David, it's Charles. So we are forecasting for credit to kind of normalize as we exit the year. So Q3 get up a little bit, Q4 get back to kind of what we would see more historically. As we're selling a lot more now, generally, credit follows the sales. I sell somewhat, and I try to underwrite really well. However, some people do get through and they go bad, then they get weeded out and the base then performs better. So as we have way more new sales now, we would expect that it's normalized. And so what I'd say is going into next year, I'd look for more kind of what we've done historically as a baseline. 
Charles Freund: And George, I would just add as Ron talked about the concentration in the construction vertical, that's not just in fleets that also pertains to our lodging business and our AP, full AP and virtual card businesses. 
