Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, it's Ron. I'd say, the short answer is we're lapping a bit of the pricing late in the year, late in '17. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David, it's Ron. Same thing, I think the GFN thing widened just a shade from our estimates in the summer, so I'd say, that's probably a point of it. So again, we kind of say, we think without the GFN thing we'd probably be around 9% for the quarter for fuel. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. But more importantly, It had -- I'd say a couple of million more than our forecast from back in the summer. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I think obviously this is not our fondest topic. But I think the good news is we're kind of on the other side, all systems are green. We're selling back on the platform. Sequential retention of the base, that's on it is in line with where we think. So I think it's effectively over other than basically on the compares going forward. But we are finally on the other side of it. All fixed, people happy, back to normal. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, not super. I'd say it had a bit of a sluggish revenue Q4, and mostly, because we were working on restructuring. We exited some people. I think we've told you that we're pretty focused here on profit pools, and so that business has a very large number of small unprofitable clients. So there was a lot of energy in the quarter. Repricing and exiting what we think are a set of pretty unprofitable accounts. So that's going to result in big margin expansion for that business in 2018, and still I say, we're planning kind of mid-teens growth. So I'd say the plan that we have for '18 is pretty in line with the thesis we had this summer. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Darrin. Hey, it's Ron. So the short story on CLC is we got some hurricane FEMA help in Q4 that probably gave us 10, 12 points of incremental growth. So that thing was still -- excluding the hurricane, a mid- to high-teens grower. And then on the other 2, I'd say, again, the comment I said to Ramsey, it's really kind of lapping some pricing so the compare gets steeper as you get later into the year, particularly in corporate pay and STP. So I would say those are the couple of reasons that something that's in the low-20s will be in the mid- to high-teens. But I do want to say, [ because ] it doesn't sound this way, we're happy. I mean, we're happy in this company to have 3 lines of business, that are half the company, grow in mid- to high-teens. I don't want you to miss that point. We're happy. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So the fuel price, Darrin, is basically a mix of diesel and unleaded, and obviously, it mirrors the geographies and stuff that our client base is in. And so yes, sitting here at this moment, I'd say the number that we have in is a bit conservative. But as you know, that price can move, obviously, materially up or down. So if they stay where it is, there would be some upside in the plan. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So we're still, I'd say, at the plate. I think what we said last time is the same, just slower. So we're on our third idea for that business and still actively working on it. So no news to report today. I think I said this last time. Hoping to have some news next time we talk. So we're still chopping wood on this idea we have. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So the first thing is the -- most of the beyond-fuel initiative is in our fuel segment. When we use that term, we're referring to our fuel card clients, primarily here and in the U.K., that buy only fuel, opening those cards and letting them buy some other things like construction supplies. But again, I said the same thing earlier, we're pretty happy with mid to high teens for the 3 nonfuel card businesses, and the reason that's decelerating a bit is they're lapping, again, the exit rate or the pricing. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's a great question. So again, the toll business, the STP business that we just reported in Q4 is 97% toll- and parking-related revenue. And then the third part is a little bit of fuel revenue for the people that use the toll product. So the big idea we have there is what we call fuel first, which, in English, means offering that same technology to consumers or businesses that don't go on the highway, so are not toll users. So effectively almost like a fuel card, people that go locally and go into the major branded stations would be able to avail themselves of the STP technology. So that opens up a market, call it, 5 to 10x the size of the market that we're in, and we've got a unique position having our STP [ gadgets ] in those locations and having those contracts. So we've got, I don't have it in front of me, probably circa $5 million to $8 million, I think, in our '18 plan for that initiative. So this is a "pilot and start to ramp it up" year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, just -- Sanjay, it's Ron. I'd say the only piece that feels a little bit more onetime in that third is the segment we call transformation projects. So we do have a couple of big kind of onetime things. We're trying to clean up and make better. I don't know if that's going to run for a year or a little bit more, but call it, 1/3 to 40% of the third Eric mentioned may be kind of more onetime-ish. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I would say that, that's probably not a primary area that we're looking at. Again, I think our idea for deepening relationships are, A, to open up the cards and allow controlled purchases in adjacent space like for a big construction client, as an example. And then I think, B, the other deepening is the cross-sell into some of our clients our corporate pay and FX kinds of solutions. So I think that deepening idea is a little bit closer to kind of what we're in, in some of the divisions that we've got than it is something entirely new. 
Ronald F. Clarke: No, I don't think it's a margin enhancement. I think it's a revenue acceleration opportunity. So for us, we look closely at the sales and loss or retention metrics that we quote, and that math is penciling out to kind of 9%, 9% and 9%, right? We said 9% organic growth, '16; 9%, '17; and normalized kind of 8% to 10%, call it 9%. So 9, 9, 9. I think what we see is if we can get from those 4 or 5, what we call, big ideas or big initiatives to hunt, that, that provides potentially some revenue acceleration in those various businesses, particularly in the case of where it can be added on to a client we have. That would create a little bit of margin leverage, like getting existing clients to buy additional things. So I'd say that it's really more directed at revenue growth than it is margin. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Jim, it's Ron. So let me take the second part first. So our guidance, our plan for '18 is using roughly the average of '17. I don't have it in front of me, but that would pencil out to be somewhere between 1% and 2%. And again, that consolidated number that we quote is made up of lots of product lines in lots of geographies. And so mostly, what affects it is when pockets that may have been weak, like Brazil or Russia, start to strengthen or an industry type, like rail and our hotel business, tends to strengthen. I'd say those things seem to have more impact on the total number than, call it, the normal accounts that we would have in fuel or somewhere else. So we're planning it kind of consistent with the prior year, but who knows? Again, it's a macro assumption sitting out there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think, if you looked at our plan, I think, as we lap the Q1, Q2 issue, it's double-digit starting in Q3 and Q4. So again, getting -- someone asked it earlier, getting the salespeople's confidence back on the product and that we're going to deliver it in a quality way, that builds a bit with time. But yes, the plan is to keep investing behind that product. And I think I mentioned that same product functionality running on the mainframe has continued to grow really nicely throughout the whole time, which reminds us that the product that we've got is good and is in demand. And so we just have to make sure we deliver it in a quality way. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Hey, Tien-tsin, it's Ron. It's a great -- that's a great question. I'd say, sitting in our kind of close-of-the-year staff meeting in December, we remarked that, call it, out of 12 or 14 sales lines that we report and look at, I think all but one of them was up pretty significantly. So this is the first year that I can recall that kind of almost everything we have in the company in almost every place sold a bunch more than the prior year. And then, second, which I mentioned earlier, is the sales levels are accelerating. We did a lot better getting away from the distractions of the first half of the year. And so we planned sales a bit more conservatively for '18, but we like how things are rolling into the front of the year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, it's Ron. I don't think we'd comment that specifically on a given partner, but I'd say it'd be kind of okay for you guys to plan that we retain that thing for, call it, at least the first half of the year. I mean, practically all conversions have a beginning and end. So to your point, they actually stream over some period of time, usually 4 to 6 months. So that's what the shape of the thing will look like. 
Ronald F. Clarke: [indiscernible] today, that's a more -- even a more relevant question. So yes, on the first part, I did mention that we've got 3 or 4 active acquisition things that we're working on. I would -- I guess, I'd characterize them as kind of mid-size. They're not super small, they're not super big, they're, call it, $100 million to $300 million or $400 million, $500 million kind of in size. So my guess is that we will work some of those through the pipeline before we get to the turn. And yes, on the question of buybacks, I think we've shown that we'll buy back FLT. We've bought back, whatever we said, 2.5 million shares... 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, last year. And so like always, it's a function of relative price. So when we see the price of our stock vis-à-vis its comps and we look at our deal pipeline and we look at our liquidity, which are all good, our leverage ratio, I think, was 2.4 at the close, and so yes, I would say, at these kind of prices, we're certainly buyers of our stock. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Oscar, it's Ron. It's a really good question. And so what I'd say is that we've done the iceberg work here in the U.S. and the U.K., so we now have lots of our fuel card clients on platforms that we can open up and offer nonfuel things to them, point one. Point two is we tested pretty hard for about 1.5 years in one vertical, the construction vertical, and had a lot of success with it. About half of the purchases of these new construction clients were construction supplies and the other half were fuel. So we've got good demonstration that this beyond fuel idea works, at least in some places. So what we're doing now, and is in kind of our plans for '18, is widening that and looking at other verticals, looking at our customer base to upgrade. So I'd say a lot of the work now is around targeting, marketing, credit analysis because it would increase obviously the credit for the accounts. So I would think that probably a fair amount of this year will be getting some other areas including the client base and other verticals fine-tuned so that it can be a much more material number next year. But it is working, wherever we tried it, it is working. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Bob, it's Ron again. I'd -- it's a good question. I'd say that I'm not particularly worried about any of them because we've built plans, again, I think I'd tell you guys, that we think we can make. But I'd say that because of the model of Corporate Payments, I would have higher confidence because of the implementation cycle. So I'd say sitting here today, that book is sold already to make the plan. So the risk there is really implementation, not selling. But in the case of tolls and even lodging, those things have to be sold. We have to sell more in 2018, but obviously, we sold a lot in 2017. So I'd say, if you made me order them, I'd have the most confidence probably in corporate pay, probably second in lodging because this revamp of the product is just crazy good. We've taken a product that was not super easy to use or super easy to book rooms, low-cost rooms, and we've made it like super easy now. And looking at January, we're getting a lift. So I'd feel I'd say super good there. And so I'd say the one that's just more of proving to do that's just got a pretty big number would be the tolls business, would be my order. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I'd say probably, for the same reason. Because beta flexes down and beta flexes up. I'd probably say the same thing. I was looking at the report this morning of the new tolls. I think I mentioned that in the upfront remarks. There's 4, I think, new toll roads expected to come online starting actually in Q2. So we've built some kind of forecast of the lift, which is -- starts to be pretty meaningful as you exit the year. So I'd say that, and then the common someone -- or question someone asked earlier about fuel first, I'd say the same thing. That thing is kind of ready to go. We're testing. We put a little bit in the plan, but from the research and the reactions, that's something that could roll way faster. So I'd say, although it has to all be sold in the year, which could create some risk, I think it's also got some flex where it could do a lot better. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'm always wrong, I feel like when I try to answer this question. So you guys have made me a bit cautious. But it's a bit of a broken record. Yes, I'm looking at some partner pipeline, and there are 3 or 4 things in Europe that we're in conversations but where and when those things will land, I don't know. But it continues to be something of great interest. I got an e-mail from one of my guys who had a great meeting yesterday and wanted to report back. The CEO, they want us to meet. So it continues to be of interest, but it always seems a bit harder to actually get it over the goal line. 
Eric R. Dey: Ramsey, this is Eric. Yes, we don't expect any material outcome certainly on our bottom line results in any way, shape or form. The only thing that we're really discussing is whether to use the metric that we call, adjusted revenues today versus just revenue. So there is a possibility that, that would be our revenue going forward, but we'll have an answer to that in obviously in about 30 days. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, and just to add to that. I mean, again, just to add, the last thing that Ron said, I mean, don't forget, a year ago we did not own Cambridge, we did not own CLS, we did not own the private -- the small private-label account in Russia. So you've got the year-over-year impact of owning that business, which is actually the majority of the increase in revenue -- I mean, in expense. And then there's the 2 or 3 things Ron kind of packed on to that kind of added some expense in the fourth quarter. But most of that stuff was one time. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. You know what? A lot of it had to do with the acquisitions. Again, don't forget that we added a lot of new business versus the prior year. We also made more tax payments this year than we did last year, which also impacted the cash flow from operations. But if I could remind that -- you that our business is very simple from a cash perspective. We bill and we collect. I mean, our DSO literally runs approximately 15 days. So we collect 99.995% of all of our receivables. So it all turns into cash. If there's any variances on the operating cash flow statement, it really is just timing. 
Eric R. Dey: So Darrin, just to add to that, that guide is really for only those businesses that are directly sensitive to the movement in the retail price of fuel, so it's primarily our fuel -- like our MasterCard businesses, as an example would not include Comdata as an example, which is obviously 95% diesel, because those businesses really don't react that much to changes in fuel price. So again, it's really those 2 businesses, and that business has more of a 50-50 kind of mix between gas and diesel. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, again, we're still developing some plans on exactly what we're going to invest in. I think, as Ron kind of mentioned, we're going to invest some money in some people, and then hopefully more sales investment into some other things to more protect the business. We don't have the exact number we're going to spend. We kind of called out about 1/3, but that would be something we would consider to be at least ongoing for now. It might change next year, but for now, we would expect that number to be in the business. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, we did. I did provide some guidance on that. All of them are projected to grow kind of in that kind of mid- to upper-teens rate in 2018. We didn't talk about it specifically by product. I'd have to go back and look at it, but I would expect all of those, the tolls, the lodging, the corporate pay businesses, to be in the -- kind of the mid to upper teens. 
