Ronald F. Clarke: Tien-Tsin, I have no idea where to go with that question. Yes. We're obviously, as I tried to say in the opening, working the thing pretty hard right? Running through these 3 or 4 different areas. I guess I would say in terms of leading your comment of, hey, what do we think? What do I think? Has the chance to re-rate to get the value. I'd say 2 things. One, we think getting people to believe the fleet business or what we're going to transform into the vehicle business that, that's got a durable, and exciting future as kind of Job 1, 2 and 3 because it's so big. It's such a big part of the company, and particularly the EV part of that story. So I'd say we are working that like super hard and it will come full with some stuff in [ 90 days ].   The second one on the separation thing, I'd say that, to me, the separation is much more interesting and compelling if we can do it in combination with something, not only because that could create more scale and stuff in the space but also potentially have a bunch of synergies with it. And so the structural separation enables in some ways transactions that are not as easy out of the mothership.  So I'd say that those would be my 2. It's the fleet reinvention where people believe in the future and the potential for separation that would also include a combination. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's another too good question. I mean the first thing, Tien-tsin, is just if you take the existing accounts, the defensive nature. So, hey, this vehicle, we have millions of vehicles. What if some of those vehicles are EVs? So the first conclusion or forming conclusion is we don't care. We could be in different matter of what commercial vehicles exist in a bunch of years from now as long as they're owned by the company, we can make money, we can make revenue. And in fact, we're making more.   The second one is, it's looking like because our EV stuff is a bit better. We're out ahead of other people, including, for example, the oil companies. that we might do better in our basic selling and retaining commercial fleets that we have because we get advantage by having the combined old fashion and new fashion package. And then the third one, we've got a new trick comment on the consumer side, which is a segment that we're not in. So to the extent that we can light up the consumer side by just repurposing the stuff we have. So that's kind of the 1, 2, 3. Neutral to flat kind of in the first one, went a bit more in the commercial and then add the consumer, that would be the trifecta. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Hey, Ramsey, it's Ron. Just to add, I think we said on the last call that the thing would kind of tick along, right? That it was lower. And so kind of mid-single digits is still kind of where our guide is. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Hey, Nick, it's Ron. Let me just add on to what Tom said, pretty consistent same-store sales in the fleet business. Let's look about the same in the last few quarters, so not a lot going on there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Darren, good question. Yes. So first off, we're happy someone picked on us or me. I think last time saying, hey, he said around 20%, I think it was 19%. So I don't that guys on [indiscernible] 22%. So on the strength side, the direct business is what I'd say we've called out before, that we're not happy with the channel of the partner business where the thing started 7 years ago. That thing is still negative and trending down. So to end up with 22%  consolidated to tell you that the direct stuff is well north of 22%, which obviously we're super excited about. There's no concentration in that business. So that's doing well. And I do need to call out for the cross-border thing. I mean, I don't know if you heard it, but the sales, so new business was up 80%, 8-0 percent quarter-over-quarter. So it's an all-time record of the amount of new business that we've sold and cross-border was just crazy in terms of sales. So I don't know if people are hearing this, but sales in that business and the performance in the direct business are trending way above what we thought they would be.   So your last question on cross-sell. So we did an interesting thing, saying as part of the strategic review, where we looked at our 3 biggest businesses in the U.S., right, fleet lodging and corporate payments. And we said, let's go into what we call the blue box. So companies that are not like micro, call it, above 10 million. And we focus on 3 industries where about 70% of the clients are. And we find that we've got about 15% to 20% overlap already. So in other words, when we take the clients that, let's say, fleet has, that lodging has, and the corporate payments has that are kind of not small, and we say, "Hey, do they have more than one?" The answer is lots of the clients have more than 1, that's 15% to 20% overlap. And the reason that we haven't called it out before is because we started in those product silos and unrelated brand, the  businesses just went to Ron Clarke and sold each of the 3 products. So now clearly, we started advertising in the Corpay brand to those bit bigger accounts and tell them, "Hey, we got all 3 things." So everyone should expect that there'll be more of that, more of the same kind of decent sized prospective customer taking everything we've got. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, it's a good follow-up. So no change. Obviously, M&A continues to be the lead dog. And given the strategic review and some of the M&A activity that's inherent, right, in the combination the comments that I've made. So that's part of it. And then the second one, you got it, we basically will earmark proceeds if we're successful in closing out the Russia sale and/or the prepaid sales, you should expect we'll be buying stock back. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Pete, it's Ronald. Let me start, and then I'll let Tom jump in. So the first one is there's always operating leverage inherent in the business, right? So as our revenue climbs, right? So our second half revenue will be up, I don't know, a top $100 million or $150 million, Pete, is our guide over the first half. So the marginal EBITDA flow through on that incremental revenue is super duper high.  And then the second one I'd say is kind of lapping the capability acquisitions. I think we said earlier that that's tapping, call it, 100 to 200 basis points out of our EBITDA margin, right? Investing in things for the future. So as we lap that, we'll pick it up. In fact, the piece of paper in front of me is our internal Q4 forecast, which has our consolidated margin up about 340 basis points. So if the revenue comes in, and we get the operating leverage and we lap the thing, our margins will be way strong. We're exiting Q4 than they were last year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that bad debt was just an important one, right? That they grew surprise , i think lots of people, right? In the second half, which is why we reacted relatively quickly and we're seeing the trends both in what we reported here and what we're forecasting. So to Tom's point, there's a pretty big step down as you exit Q4, which obviously is super helpful to the EBITDA margin. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Pete, it's Ron again. I think as I mentioned, the sales is the lead indicator, right? So the fact that not only in the quarter, but I'm looking at the year-to-date, it's a record level of sales, both in the payables side of the business and in the cross-border. So that's the first point. And then in terms of what we're selling, the mix has shifted more to full AP, but we still do sell stand-alone virtual card. And I think if you had our sales group in the room, the idea of having both areas to draw on, hey, look, I'll pay some of your bills, pal, or I'll pay all of your bills. You tell me what you want, and I can give you some money back either way. So that 2 for pitch, I think, is resonating. So we're still selling both the stand-alone and the full, but a bit more of the full these days. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Hey, Andrew, it's Ron. Just one other difference to point out on top of Thomas made. The cross-border business not only do we make a lot of sales and their sales are way up, but their cost of sales are super attractive. They're the second most efficient sale in our company in terms of what it costs us to get $1 of sales, so we love that. And then second, they start super fast. So the start rate, what you would call implementation is super duper quick from kind of when we roll call or say it's contracted. So those are 2 things actually about that particular line of business that make it really attractive. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd say not really, Andrew. I'd say it's pretty complicated to move a big machine like that. It gets tuned right a certain way, like a piano  or something gets tuned to work a certain way, and then we kind of haul the thing and say, okay, repoint the machinery in a different way. So it needs to grab lots of data to start it to kind of sort itself out again. So it's taken probably a bit longer. But as I said in my opening, it's working, the number of bigger new accounts coming to us digitally is growing now. So I don't want to say it was easy, but it's way easier to stop the problem. They just don't tune up the small ones. It's way harder to get more of the big one. So we've always -- I think 50% of our business has always been bigger accounts. So we're totally used to that, both underwriting them and servicing them and starting on that. So really, it's just getting smarter about how to spend money to get the appropriate segment in the door. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It didn't matter. I mean that's what I want to call out is -- literally i brought the thing to a screeching halt because we were not going to pose some crazy credit number. And the good news is that work, the credit numbers are already down and we're forecasting a roll rates were to be down. So Job 1 is past tense, it's accomplished. Job 2, I'm saying started in Q2 to get better, the number of new bigger stuff has increased. And now I told the guy, it's getting up and go, get your horse going, we need to weigh more of it. So we'll report whether we're picking that pace up as we run through the second half. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Nate. It's Ron again. So yes, you're right. I did call it out. I'd say, we're a little surprised. I'm not really super sure why, but when we go through our managed accounts, which in English means something like groups of people, consulting groups or an environmental group, the utility going somewhere, so larger groups like going to a place like to do something, merchandising groups that would go to Walmart.  I think that's kind of what that business is. And so for some reason, some number of accounts just on their own did less of it in Q2 than what we were out looking. And so when we call, it's not super clear, we say, "Hey, is that going to be at that level?" or "kind of where you were before." So that was kind of a bit, call it, a couple of points of growth of the soft pocket that we didn't outlook. So I'd say we're not super certain what that's going to look like going forward. It's not like a lot of them quit us, as you can see in the retention rate. So look, we're hopeful that whatever that is, was kind of transitory for the quarter. 
Ronald F. Clarke: And we have a big, what we call custom business and [ Joint ] accounts like railroads and trucking firms, we have a small SMB business, we call it direct. So there's a lot of other segments in the business. But there was this one -- this kind of consulting [ traveler ] group so I did want to call out. Look, still happy with mid-teens. We plan that business at mid-teens. So it's performed above that level. So I want people to be clear, still happy with it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, good question. The first thing I'd say is we had a decent look at July. So that's always helpful. So that's tracking to our guide. So when Tom and I built the second half, the output we have is that, that's on track. Yes, the thing does, bill sequentially, which is Ron's favorite thing about the business. I think I told people this is a snowball. He started downhill and there's more snows as you roll down the hill. So that's the nature of a recurring revenue business as we beat sales, so we're ahead of sales year-to-date. And I call it like corporate payments, which is way ahead as that stuff gets implemented to Tom's point, that attaches more snow, the ball rolls and obviously, sequentially, I think we're up about $40 million sequentially already Q2 versus Q1. So I'd say, look, our confidence is pretty high. We're on track. We have the sales in the bag. We just need to get them implemented and then there's the seasonality, right? Q3 is always a super duper quarter and Q4 is better than Q1. So we get some benefit of strength. For example, Brazil is always super duper good, for example, in Q4. So we've been having a long time, I think, unless something kind of go sideways on the planet that we're pretty comfortable with the guide. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Mihir, it's Ron. Just to add to that, which is in corporate payments, the mix shift that Tom refers to, we think, will go on. So when we tell you guys today that we're growing mid- to high-20s in the direct corporate payments business and that the channel business is going backwards, the delta in those take rates is significant. Call it, 4 or 5x different. So every turn of that, every forward quarter with the direct business is growing, let's say, 25% or higher and the channel business is shrinking, that will improve that rate prospectively. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Another really good question. So I'd say that we're trying to learn. And I think the first finding today is that we have cross selling. And when we study among the larger clients that we have, they use more than one of our products. I'm reporting today, yes, they do. So the second thing we're doing is advertising now that we've consolidated the brand, we're generating way more leads by offering up more solutions to the same prospective company. So I think that's just another input for us potentially in the synergies or dissynergies as we think about the separation. And obviously, to the extent that the separation still made lots of sense. There's no reason we couldn't have some kind of agreement -- commercial agreement with the company afterwards as an example. So I think we're just running them on separate tracks and learning what we can and see where it lands us. But it's clearly an input into the separation decision for sure. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So look, I want to make sure it's clear what I said. I said the corporate payment sales, which are both, what we call payables internally and cross-border. Collectively, that book was up 80% year-over-year. So that's the first one.  And then the second point is, yes, cross-border implements quickly payables does not. So to the extent that some amount of that incremental growth is in payables, it's actually a 2024 benefit more than is 2023. But on the guide, I don't have in front of me, my guess is that we're still guiding in the overall to 20% plus in the Corporate Payments business. And I don't know if you guys are hearing it, but it's kind of working. Sales are working, revenue is working. So it's -- we're -- the trends are certainly in a good spot. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I think the strategic review of what we call value creation plan, it's just pretty complicated. So that's why I try to tick through kind of the 4 different pieces, kind of how we operationalize review, right? From the Russia thing, which is kind of a political and emotional thing to the noncore assets of the fleet reinvention to the separation. And so we're full speed ahead as you heard on the Russia thing, we're full-speed ahead on the noncore businesses, including a couple of small things that sit inside the vehicle business.  So I think the question everyone has, we really have 3 big businesses, right? We have fleet, lodging and Corporate Payments. And I think people are focused on fleet, which is half the company or 40% and Corporate Payments. So that's really where we're focusing the attention on the separation. Would the company be better off if fleet and corporate payments were not all part of the same mothership, but in some way, separate, whichever one was separated. So I'd say that's the primary issue, if you will, question that we're trying to answer. And as I mentioned before, we're looking not only pure separation or stand-alone separation, but looking at the idea of some combination in parallel with the thing. So that's what we're working on.  And yes, unfortunately, in any separation, there's dissynergies. I mean, to me, it takes away the most important thing, which is really the ability to sell something where you can get a defined price. I'd like to know what something is and have my eyes open. And so losing whatever, 25% or 20% after the cost base makes a straight sale of one of those businesses pretty difficult. You got to get a really good price, right, to cover that tax dissynergy, but there we're looking really particularly around both IT and management, right? Which is what IT is co-mingled and how would we run the stuff manage early. So we're kind of digging through all that and want to make sure that any thing that we pull that it would be worth it, right? That the benefits would far out weigh the cost here. So we're still working it. And we did commit to it to work because we can't study it forever. We're going to have an answer when we talk in 90 days. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I think. First of all, I think it's a great question because it highlights the pivot and strategy there, right, that what you said, the volume of tag is up 7% of the revenue, the revenue is up double. And so 2 points. One is the volume is healthy, partly because we keep widening the distribution channels. So in the last year, we signed 2 of the 5 biggest banks in Brazil to sell our stuff, our Sem Parar tags. And so those things are pretty added at that channel doesn't cannibalize much the other ways that we sell tag. So we're reaching prospective customers that we weren't reaching before. So that's a super helpful.  The second one is the take rate and the incremental growth is really from the add-ons. So the fuel that we're selling back to the tag holders is compounding. I don't have it in front of me, call it, 40% or 50%. And then these insurance add-ons, vehicle insurance add-ons, for like contents and micro insurance are crazy in demand. And so we're bolting incremental revenue on to the same account without adding any more tags. And so I think that's what we said to everybody was the idea that business was keep expanding distribution to sell more tags. But because we have millions and millions of customers there, find more things that are vehicle-related like fuel and parking and insurance that we could add on and the answer is we are. And just as a reminder, in the first quarter, I think almost 40% of the spend in Brazil was beyond toll. So lots and lots now of purchasing there is beyond toll products. And so that's the idea for the business. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Just on to things get tired or whatever the sales, the absolute sales year-to-date or at a record level. And for the last 3 years, every year, it's been a record level of overall sales versus the prior year. So there's been no slowdown at the rate that we're reaching new customers. So again, it's another business that I'd say is working. 
Thomas Panther: Ramsey, it's Tom. I appreciate the question. Ram, it's just a variety of things. I think we saw some good transaction activity in our international markets. And keep in mind, our international markets diversified beyond just fuel. We have other businesses within that fleet segment that also helps drive growth. So it's just a function of where the business was performing. I'll also say that fuel price in our international markets were stickier, particularly at the retail side than what we necessarily would experience here in the U.S. So that also helps kind of bolster the international side and the overall revenue growth. Obviously, we'll relook at that growth rate going forward when we're successful in closing the Russia transaction. That will affect it to some degree. But overall, we saw a nice healthy pickup in the overall growth rate. 
Thomas Panther: Nick, it's Tom. We actually don't break it down beyond the segment level. So I mean, I think overall, we kind of keep it at the total fleet level and the international business outperformed U.S. But getting into kind of the details is just something that we stay away from. And then going forward, I think as we just said, I think you can continue to expect borrowing, we see fuel prices and spreads hang to somewhere in the range of our guidance. That you would see that mid-single-digit type growth rate as we look ahead into Q3 and Q4. 
Thomas Panther: No, they don't -- Andrew, they don't differ materially between the subsegments within that overall business. Both of them are attractive. They're also -- they're obviously different businesses. Our payables business is much more domestically oriented where our cross-border is much more internationally oriented. We like the diversification that, that brings. But there isn't necessarily a material margin difference that you need to be modeling in. I think both of them, as Ron mentioned, just in terms of what we see from a sales perspective, have very strong sales results, solid pipeline. And both of them have recurring business with existing customers. You may kind of think of cross-borders more transaction-oriented one-and-done kinds of relationships or anything but that. They're generally customers who have recurring tight cross-border transactions. And so that provides us kind of a healthy recurring type revenue stream coming from those businesses. So they're more probably, other than the products and their geographies, their economics and their kind of compositions are more similar than you may normally think. 
Thomas Panther: Generally, just kind of mix. There's really nothing in particular to call out. You see a little bit of an increase in the take rate when you refer to our release. Again, it's a pretty modest increase. So I think it's just a matter of just mix of business and really nothing more to really call out besides that. We're always competitive with respect to our pricing and things like that. So I think, fuel will also factor into what our overall spread and how those things have played out. And so it's just a combination of things, but nothing really out of the ordinary. And that's kind of what you're seeing in the numbers in terms of just kind of a slight increase in rate. 
Unknown Executive: There on that, Nate, is that we have a nice diversification of airline and insurance that kind of helps offset that as well where we've seen some pretty good strength as we commented earlier. 
Unknown Executive: Yes. Trevor, we'll update all of that when the transaction closes and we kind of refresh all of that. Let's come back to you on that. I think until we kind of get the transaction closed, we'll wait and reset after that, if that's okay. 
Unknown Executive: Yes. Like I have said in my prepared remarks, it was right at just under 40% this quarter again in terms of our B2C customer base. In terms of how much revenues coming from products other than our tag subscription. So it's showing good success. And their sales success has been just continuing to add to the momentum of that business. 
