Eric R. Dey: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now, everyone should have access to our second quarter press release. It can also be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and EBITDA. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies' similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliation of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today's press release and on our website, as previously described. Also, we are providing 2014 guidance on a non-GAAP basis. Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2014 guidance, new products and fee initiatives and expectations regarding business development and acquisitions. They are not guarantees of future performance, and therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them.  These results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today's press release in Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Others are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website, as previously described, and at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Phil, this is Eric. Yes, first of all, I mean, the revenue was a -- is a pretty wide range, I mean, just so you know. But from a momentum perspective, I mean, certainly, as we get into the second half of the year, the existing businesses that have performed well are going to continue to perform at a very high level. So we should see a lot of organic growth coming from the same sort of businesses in the second half that we had in the first half. We're also going to start layering in some of the new partner agreements in the second half of the year, so you'll see Husky come on and then some of the other partner wins that Ron mentioned. We'll see some revenue kind of into the fourth quarter. And then finally, some of the synergies, some of -- for some of the acquisitions that we closed last year should also kick in, in the second half of the year as well. So all of that's driving both the revenue and profit. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. Phil, let just remind you. Our business generates a lot of cash. So although we could go above the 3, we would pretty quickly delever because of the cash flow profile of the business. 
Eric R. Dey: Ramsey, this is Eric. First, let me tell you that first and foremost, I think we're still pretty optimistic that our kind of 10% guidance for the full year is kind of still where we're tracking to, on a full year basis. We're a little lower than that in the second quarter. The U.S. business performed, again, extremely well as we called out a couple of lines of business there. Our MasterCard business grew organically at around 34% in the quarter, and our CLC business grew at 28% organically. So the U.S. business actually did very well, was around 10%. Our International businesses performed a little bit lower than that for the quarter. And then in the back half of the year, again, I would say that we plan our organic growth to accelerate somewhat. The businesses that have performed well in the first half of the year are going to continue to perform well in the second half of the year. Some of the partner wins, again, that we called out are going to be layered on in the second half of the year, particularly as we get into the fourth quarter and we exit into next year. And then finally, some of the acquisitions that we did last year in the second half of the year will start to accelerate some of the organic growth in those businesses in the second half as well. So on a full year basis, I -- we are still looking at around that 10% range. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Still not there, Phil. I'd say we're probably a quarter later on the U.K. chip and pin because of some POS issues. And we're about ready to launch the new fuel card in Brazil, I'd say probably next month. So again, a little bit of a IT delay in both, but I'd say virtually ready to go now in Brazil. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, obviously, Eric laid out the leverage ratios, so depending on what we pay or what we buy. I think I've been consistent that we want to kind of run a company that's circa 3x. It's kind of where we are from a management perspective. So I think depending on what we would buy, that would give us significant capacity. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, yes, we would. But again, I'd say it wouldn't be equilibrium. We might at the close of the deal, but I'd say we wanted to kind of operate the company on an ongoing basis at 3 or below. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Jim, it's Ron. I'd say as long as we have the mix of things that we're looking at, in terms of geography. And in terms of over the road, I'd say that the decision to pilot, to exit the card business probably makes that area look more attractive than it has historically. So you now have a separation of kind of the biggest merchant in the U.S. kind of exiting the card business, which we would like. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I'd say we're laughing a little bit as you asked that, because as you know, most IT projects run on the backside of plan. I'd say this one is kind of what you said a bit ahead. In fact, we had to review this week, they're really in final testing. So that's -- so kind of -- with Shell, everything is green, basically, to convert that book of business in September. So I'd say that looks good. And in terms of the projections, really, no different. This is kind of a single-digit millions market, this one market, but in totality, again, I'd say we're still comfortable with kind of the ramp being $20 million to $30 million. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So I'd say, in every one of those cases, we're expecting revenues to be up pretty significantly from 1 year ago. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ramsey, it's Ron. The answer is the second. We really bought it for the market position, the feet on the street, the customers, the people. And so it was an asset that was going to trade, and so we took a position in it. So if we conclude that we like this space, we're set to go in the 2 big geographies. That was the basis. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, a couple of comments. So, one is a quarter of our estimated revenue for the full year is beyond fuel cards. It's "not fuel cards." So I'd say we already have some diversity. Two, we're not going to do anything unrelated. But payments for us, what we call workforce payments, we view as related as long as the model, Ramsey, looks the same to us. So we will have more nonfuel card in our revenue mix as we go forward for sure. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, we don't really look at it that way, right? We look at the end client being a business is kind of cut one; and then the second one is we look at the model that's basically used, is it IT-centric, the revenue model, the recurring nature of the business. So I'd say we're not -- we don't really define the business around, hey, it's got to have some "transport piece." It's basically got to be B2B payments, and it's got to be a model that we get. 
Ronald F. Clarke: David, it's Ron. So the -- I'd say the good news in both cases is sales. So the 34% number in MasterCard and the 27 in CLC were virtually 90%-plus volume-driven. And if you look at the reason, it was basically sales. We're just selling the you-know-what out of both of those product lines and, as we've said before, in CLC, particularly the down market of the small business market. And so the sales in both of those, which were not recorded in the quarter, but billed, as you know, are both above plan and going great. So I would say our outlook in the next couple of quarters is big, similar to what you're seeing. 
Ronald F. Clarke: No. I'd say it's unchanged. I'd say that this is iceberg work, David. So much of the work is below the waterline, right, to kind of get there, get some big accounts, to trust, build the systems that we need. And so having this mega template effectively going live in a month or so, I can't stress again how big a deal that is for the company, getting on to the continent there with a meaningful piece of business. And so we're going to digest that. And assuming that goes well, we'll pick up the pace on other markets there on the continent. And then obviously, post having those positions, we'll start the layering of the other things. So I think we're getting closer to actually now realizing a vision that we've had for quite a while. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I would say, Darrin, that that's probably not far off. I'd say internally, our outlook is above 10% organic in both Q3 and Q4. And it's what you said, it's the businesses that have performed, it's this onboarding of a series of new accounts that won't be a lot in the quarters, but will be as we exit. And then, again, it's the lapping of the 13 deals that are way up. And so I'd say our confidence in the next 2 quarters is high. And to your point, that'll feed into '15. So I'd say we're pretty bullish on the forward organic look. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So, Darrin, we're just getting kind of now to the place where our programs is in and we're starting to get some of those dollars. So those are kind of fourth, fifth inning in terms of where they're going. And then even some of the smaller deals like Australia and New Zealand that we're just kind of lapping now, those would be up a lot but they're just smaller, right? In terms of absolute dollars. So again, I think the good news for those of you that care about our future M&A, I'd say that our 13 vintage of deals that our execution has been good and our outlook for that set of deals is good. So I can't always say that our '14 and '15 vintage will be good, but our record on those, I think, is pretty good. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I think we've announced not only a couple of those larger ones you mentioned, but the Shell, 12 markets, the Caltex, the Chevron kind of some of the big names that we've named, another kind of 4 or 5, what we would call, kind of midsized or regional North American deals. I'd say we're kind of full up, Darrin, digesting, what is it, 5, 6, 7 of these things that -- literally that almost no revenue so far that are going to be coming online. So I'd say in terms of the other ones, who are more early days, we want to do a good job on these, particularly the Shell one and the Caltex and Chevron, so that the other oil see us as a good performer. So I'd say the company's pretty focused on getting these things online. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think it's really just sales execution. Again, this product -- we kid, Smitti, inside the company that it's probably the single-highest value product in the marketplace, where a small company that travels around regionally can go into these kind of economy and mid-scale hotels at 15%, 20% off the street price. And it's a pretty simple product. And so once you make that proposition to Ron's tree-cutting company, that he can say 20% at the Holiday Inn, they like the product. And so the key has been sales and distribution and marketing and making sure people know that we got the product. And so the guy that's running that has built a bigger, broader sales organization in the last year-plus. And we're actually funding an expansion of that here in the next couple of quarters. So I'd say it's really just scaling up of our sales behind, really, just a terrific product. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. The market that seems to have some interest in that product is Asia. Obviously, we didn't chase it because we didn't think it was kind of a midterm opportunity. So we took some different priorities with our "GFN" product. So I'd say that our view of that is pretty low potential over the short term. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Tien-tsin. It was really, I'd say, almost across-the-board. I'd say the one place that was not better was our direct business because of the spreads. I think I called out kind of a $3 million headwind to that thing. That's around 9% instead of low double digits. But basically, it was -- we did better, frankly, in Russia than we thought. That was up 4% in local currency. We thought that thing was going to go south. The telematics business was up. The U.K. business is doing terrific. Our Mexico business sold twice as much than it had in the prior year. So I'd say it was pretty healthy in a lot of places, and it was just -- we, basically, are just selling better in a lot of places. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd say it's kind of back on normal again. We -- because of you, guys, we keep track of this thing quarterly, but we really look at it over annual cycles. And I think I've mention, we track it for 10 years, and it's a pretty steady number that allows all these retailers to stay in business, right? To some minimum return they need to run these locations. And so spreads have to respond at some point where they can make some money. And so again, it bumps around based on a bunch of factors. But work -- to Eric's point, we're outlooking, Tien-tsin, kind of history on the go forward, which -- who knows? But that's what we're outlooking. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So we spent some of it. Some of it's what I'll call getting ready. So we spent incremental IT money in terms of customizing stuff, doing data conversion work. We've hired some additional management. I hired a new guy, basically, to run the German market. He's an ex-GE guy who's great, but unfortunately, expensive. And now we're kind of heading into operating times. So we've got people, sales, web investment, service investment. Obviously, if we do the conversions we plan, we'll have some revenue offset. But I'd say we're trying to get ahead, basically, of that thing, particularly from a sales and marketing perspective, so we can show Shell that we know how to sell their product and make them interested and keep going with us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, we obviously are on the ground in both of those markets, have good relationships, Tien-tsin, with everybody in this space. So if there's a deal that'll trade, we'll certainly be looking at it. That -- the regulation you mentioned, which we thought was going to be a negative in Mexico. I don't know if we did call this out. But if you remember, they basically -- the government passed a law to basically eliminate the tax deduction on the paper on the voucher side of food. And so obviously, lots of clients are trying to move over to card. And so I'd say we got our better-than-line-average share of that, and it's caused people to kind of look up. So we've -- as I mentioned, we've sold twice as much in that business of new business than we had in the prior period. So it looked like it was going to be a problem, and I'd say it's actually turned out to be a positive. 
