Eric R. Dey: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now, everyone should have access to our second quarter press release. It can also be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and EBITDA. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may be calculated differently than other companies’ similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today’s press release and on our website, as previously described. Also, we are providing 2013 guidance on a non-GAAP basis.  Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2013 guidance, new product and fee initiatives and potential business development and acquisitions. They are not guarantees of future performance and, therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them. These statements are subjected to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today’s press release and Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Others are discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website as previously described and at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Roman, this is Eric. If you exclude the impact of the acquisitions, the International revenue per tran would have been $2.30 versus $1.91 prior year, so up kind of $0.40 point-to-point. 
Eric R. Dey: We have many different kind of products. Again, if you go back and you look at what was not in our business last year, we have CTF, which we acquired in July of last year. It's a different kind of product. It's a RF-based technology so the transactions are much larger. So the revenue per transaction for that product is also much larger. And you look at our Russia business, which we added in June of last year, that has a different kind of model, as well, Roman. It's more software sales or it was a year ago, historically. So those transactions are a little lumpier but they can be higher revenue per transaction products. And our New Zealand and Australia business are more card-type products, so the revenue per tran there is more in line with our outline [ph] average. 
Eric R. Dey: We do. If you exclude the impact of the acquisitions, our International business grew organically kind of in the 16% range, give or take. 
Eric R. Dey: Really, what we're referring to is kind of a full year average. I mean, the first quarter grew at such a high rate. We weren't expecting that for the balance of the year. We weren't saying it was going to be 15% a quarter as much as it was kind of going to average around 15% for the whole year, somewhere around there. So clearly, going to be a little bit lower the rest of the year. 
Eric R. Dey: Phil, this is Eric. First and foremost, I think we're not really anticipating any impact related to that new legislation. Obviously, that legislation was geared more toward commercial -- I meant consumer cards. So again, we're not anticipating any impact whatsoever. In terms of your second part of your question, I don't have that information with me right now, so maybe we can follow-up on that later. 
Eric R. Dey: Tien-Tsin, this is Eric. As always, it's a bit of a mixed bag. I'd say in the United States, we're certainly seeing transactions, I would say, flat to up a little bit. So same-store sales, kind of picking up a little. And then when you look at it internationally, I mean clearly, it varies pretty dramatically in each of the markets and mostly Europe is still under a recession. So I would say, transaction volumes there or same-store sales are certainly flat-to-down, generally speaking in most of the markets. 
Eric R. Dey: We really -- unfortunately, we don't disclose product -- detailed product information like that. We've got a lot of different products in the company and we just don't disclose specific financial information. With all that being said, I mean, it's becoming a very meaningful contributor to our revenue and our bottom line. So it's becoming a pretty big thing. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Hey David, it's really investment. We're just spending more in the new channels that we invest in, like telesales and web. In fact, I think, for the U.S., what we call the non-field channels, sales were actually up 100%, period to period. So it's really less about product and more about, a, total spend; and b, channel mix, what we're doing in terms of channels. It'd the same thing, if the follow-on was Europe. For example, the Russia sales, I think, were up 50% in the period. Same thing, we now have web working and some partner programs working there. So I'd say it's more marketing and sales driven than it is product driven. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Again, it's the same thing. It's just those growth rates are a function of the ratio or relationship between the base of that business, which continues to grow, and what we sell in new business, which also continues to grow. So for us to maintain, let's say, a 40% growth rate point-to-point, we'd have to continue, David, to spend more incrementally in sales to maintain that level. So it's really, for us, just an investment call. But the product has enormous potential geographically and really the limitation is just what we're willing to spend. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, not so much would be, I guess, the headline. It is -- I think, as Eric relayed before, it's immaterial to our overall numbers and we just don't comment generally on individual contracts. What I'd say is we still are generally happy in terms of winning more than we lose. So when you're in a game, you're going to lose sometimes, so in this case, we did. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Roman, it's Ron. So a couple of things. The first thing which we're a few years into developing, would be our AllStar card. So it looks like the AllStar card we had today, but instead of being magstripe, it would be a chip card. So in terms of the cosmetics, card design, it would look similar but when you get to the point of sale, obviously it will operate like a chip card. And by moving some intelligence down to the point of sale, you get advantages that you can't get basically on a mag card. So that would be kind of the first implementation, which we're expecting kind of early Q1 next year. And then second, the second question is, yes, we've got some plans with Visa to create cards that would work in "other markets" on the Continent but we're not going to describe in some detail yet what they are but they would be similar, I would say, to what you see here. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd say the way to think about it, in the first 1 to 2 years, it's pretty steep because we tend to transform the model and the structure of those businesses. And then kind of beyond 2 years or call it 1.5 years, where we are with AllStar and Efectivale, it's kind of Phase 2, which is our growth program where we introduce new products and new channels. So the stated goal we have is kind of doubling profits in every business within the first 2 years and then obviously, growing those businesses above line average, so call it 10% to 15% top line post the first 2 years would probably be a target. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Phil, it's Ron. Good question. I'd say in the U.K., it would be a plus. Economically, we think that the value basically, to the accounts is high as we introduce that, plus there's expense benefits like in fraud and so on. So I'd say it'd be a net plus in the U.K. And then on the second question, it would be both. We have oil partners interested in it and we obviously have direct aspirations for that product as well. 
Ronald F. Clarke: It's a new card program, Phil, that they're going to describe in some detail in a launch this fall, so it's a different service than we provide to them as part of that GFN contract. For us, it's just, again, I think we've touted this repeatedly that we value those giant relationships and to the extent that we can perform in one place. We're in a lot of other places that Shell's in. Our hope is they'll sign us up to work with then in additional places. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I just think it's late, Tien-Tsin. If you look at the Continent there, they've been a longtime now, the normal consumer walking around with a chip card, unlike us here. And fuel cards because they run on pretty old systems that are multi-country. And I guess, their view of the importance of that against their consumer-products have been late, pretty late to the party. So I'd say the oils over there have been talking and thinking about how to get their commercial businesses over for probably 4 to 5 years. And we, through this AllStar deal, have actually been working on this for probably 3 to 4 years in terms of creating a spec that works and is tested and has been deployed at a bunch of big brands there. And now the work has been integrating that with GFN so we have a processing engine. So I would say, we believe from conversations, that there will be a fair amount of interest if we can help the oils get the chip faster. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'd say on both fronts, if you were looking at our partner pipeline, it is a mix, right, of a, GFN kind of processing type of opportunities; b, new card program like a chip card program would be as an opportunity; as well as a couple of call outsourcing opportunities. And I'd say the same thing on the acquisition side. We've got deals that are kind of small, medium, large that are being worked. So again, I'd emphasize that despite announcing a few things, we are kind of full up with work and it's a range of stuff. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I would say that we have studied the set of other, what we call, workforce or employer payment products, right, where the employer is basically trying to control employee spending. And have identified a couple of those kind of products that we've got a high interest in. And our interest is they're virtually the same model as what we're in. They're sold to employers, they tend to run often times on proprietary networks, they have similar kind of economic structures split between merchants and customers. So I would say that directionally, people should expect us to head in that direction, to be in products beyond fuel cards and lodging cards. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd say that is still early for us. And again, it's something that we're trying to do selectively. We've got pretty good partner relationships there and so I'd say, we're treading relatively carefully in terms of channel conflict and stuff. So I'd say that thing is still pretty early for us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I'd say that the old line, until you're out of ideas, right? So we're not. But I'd say that the last couple of years, the big driver, Tim, has been that what we call those CheckINN Direct card or small account card. The thing is still on a tear and creating the majority of the growth. But we've done a couple of new things since. We've gone back and started to look at expanding the actual merchant network, so we're growing the network probably 10% or 15% this year from where it was a year ago. So that adds more trans and more dollars for us. And two, we're about to launch a new, what we call, brand-wide or branded product. So instead of having a network that Ron's Tree Cutting can look and find 50 hotels in Atlanta, he basically could stay in any one of these 4 brands in Atlanta. And so there is some appeal, basically, of repackaging that product, which is close to being launched. So I would say that the momentum is good in the basic products and channel stuff that we have and we have additional ideas, like always, to try to keep layering on it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Well, you mention people like Voyager and WEX, they've had -- the 2 of them -- I don't know how old those companies are, but they're 20 years plus. They've had kind of almost universal cards, Tim, for 20 to 25 years, and we've had one for 5. So obviously, whatever -- I don't know if they're going to do something new, but they've been at that game for quite a while and I think what it shows is that, like always, there's a lot more to a business than the product. There's a lot, obviously, around the marketing and sales and service model and there's a ton in the IP that we have around how you get money and make money in these businesses. So I wouldn't be so smug to sit here and say some other big bank or someone else couldn't get in, couldn't figure it out, but I'd say it's not easy. We've spent years figuring out, we've got a lot of people in this space and so look, there's a lot of room, we welcome other people. We're doing fine at it and it's not as easy as it looks, I guess, I'd say. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's a really astute question. The answer is really it's a function, Tim, of how much incremental growth, how fast you try to grow a channel. So let's say that we were spending $10 million a year in a channel and I say, hey guys, I'll let you spend 10% more and you go to $11 million. Well, their productivity will be better next year because their group is aging and the production out of the first $10 million will be much higher next year than this year and they only have kind of $1 million in that example of kind of newbies and stuff. So that would be a much more productive situation. Contrary, if we said, hey, I'll let you increase it 50% from $10 million to $15 million and probably in total, in aggregate, the productivity would be worse next year. So it's a function really, of how steep the investment is. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. In what we would call our direct business where we serve the end customer, the answer is yes, they would be new. And in the case of some of our partner relationships, they would be some new and some converted, right? Some accounts that are on a proprietary oil card might go to a branded universal oil card because they like it better. So it's a mix on the partner side and it's all new on the direct side. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. The contract's obviously been signed and their plan, the last I spoke to them, is to make a launch announcement, I think, as early as September. So I'd say stay tuned. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David, it's Ron. That's another good question. So no, it's not an exclusive agreement. We could still choose to do something with MasterCard in Europe. There are obviously good friends and supporters here in the States. With that said, I'd say we are way down the road, though, with Visa Europe. Again, having started with them before we even owned AllStar years and then the couple of years that we've been involved, we've been kind of working with them. And then just remade this broader, kind of more ambitious agreement with them because we've been working together. So I'd say that although its nonexclusive, our plan would be, because we've been working with them, to run down the road with them for a while. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I'm purposely being evasive there in saying the only thing we're kind of saying for sure today is that we're going to convert this AllStar mag book of business onto this Visa chip so it could obviously work outside of fueling stations, for example and has this chip capability. I'd say other than that, we've got a bunch of products in the kitchen and we want to keep them there until we're closer to launch. So we'll certainly be back to you when it's relevant. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. There's obviously lots of differences in Europe versus the U.S. Some good things that would make it better and some bad that would make it worse. So for example, bad is it's a quilt, you got all those countries with all different currencies, tax laws, languages, so there's a lot more complexity, right, in launching a card across those markets. On the positive side, there are no universal products there. Unlike the United States, when we launched the MasterCard, there were 2 or 3 companies -- 3, I think, that have had universal cards for 5 or 10 years before us. In Europe, the answer is 0. There's no card like that, that works in Europe. So we like that. So I'd say, if you looked at our cheat sheet, there are some things that are better that make the opportunity better than here and there's some things that make it more difficult than here. 
