Dushyant Sharma: Thanks, Matt. Before taking questions, I'd like to spend a little bit more time talking about the economy. In the quarter we experienced solid growth in the same-store sales. For example, in utilities, we saw close to 10% growth compared to second quarter of 2021. We believe the business can weather unusual level of inflation though, contribution profit growth would have been a little bit better without it. We have and will continue to manage through this environment by closely working with our clients as our contracts provide some flexibility to make changes over the medium term when the average transaction increases at the rate we have recently seen. We plan to maintain our responsible growth philosophy by keeping a balance between investing for future growth while continuing to look for ways to increase profitability in the near term. The vast majority of our expenses outside of interchange are people related. So we have the flexibility to add or pause hiring based on market conditions or the opportunities. And look, we have been in business for a long time, and the bottom line is, I don't like to lower guidance. But for client delays of this magnitude where the TCV, the total contract value, is over $100 million, any quarter they end up going live in is a good quarter, whether that is in 2022 or 2023. That's why it is not a big concern of ours, especially since these delays are related to the economic climate we are in. Therefore we believe our fundamental business is strong, sales momentum continues, water, insurance and tax bills continue to get paid, and we remain excited about the remainder of the year and the future. With that, I'd like to thank our over 1,000 employees for their commitment to serve our clients. And I'll now turn the call over to the operator for questions. 
Dushyant Sharma: Actually, the new signings tend to be a lot more diverse than historically our historical vertical. So we have customers in real estate, we have customers in commercial enterprises. Government entities tend to be a big factor as well now. And then obviously, our bread and butter implementations of the verticals. So it is more diverse than -- and obviously, some B2B as well there. 
Dushyant Sharma: We are actually very surgical in how we are approaching our clients because these are long-term relationship, long-term partnerships, we view our clients and our partners and many of these clients have been with us for a long period of time. So from that perspective, we are always looking at -- contractually, we have -- at the time you talked about, the 60, 90 days is pretty much the top end of the time it takes us to make the changes from a contractual standpoint, but we are being very surgical as to how we talk to our clients about it. And what we are seeing is clients are very empathetic and very understanding because they're dealing with this, not just with us, but the whole economy is right now dealing with this. So we generally have a better traction than typical that would be the case. But your assumption is correct that we do have ability to make changes, and it does take 60, 90 days. 
Dushyant Sharma: I think that's our -- that remains our goal, and I'll let Matt jump in as well, but that remains our goal. And what we are seeing is, right now, the tremendous momentum in the market. So we're trying to take a look at, can we lean in even more from a sales and marketing perspective to go in more aggressive to continue to accelerate the growth here. So we'll continue to look at that. But our long-term perspective is in coming years is to be in that EBITDA margin profile. Matt, do you want to add anything. 
Dushyant Sharma: Thank you, Jeff. Look, first of all, I think -- first of all, very, very good question, very reasonable question and very understandable. And let me just talk about from the -- from 2 perspectives. One is the economic climate itself you're dealing with. The overall the sentiment is the clients are just taking a little bit longer than they usually do to get live on our platform. I mean historically speaking, we are implementation machine actually. I mean we do a great job. We get customers live. And that is in our platform, our capabilities are better today at getting customers live than they have ever been. And the reason for that is the investments we have been making over the years. The challenge is that the readiness of the client to just whatever little support, which is a fractional support relative to the other efforts, which are required to get them launched. That fractional support is required by clients getting their technology team engaged. There are some IT resources to just QA that test the platform and so on. And because of the environment we are in, it is stretching a little bit. But I want to tie it back to the guidance and this year, if all of that aside is a couple of declines we're talking about, they would have actually maintained their time line. We would be perfectly fine with our guide, as I shared earlier. So it's an interesting scenario meaning that couple of clients made an impact, which we were counting on for this year. But other delays, some of them were actually -- we were already factoring in. 
Dushyant Sharma: I think there are 2 or 3 and all of them we have talked about, I mean client go-lives. If they all go live as we are planning to and if they -- and some of the inflationary environment that we are operating in and if our assumptions hold true in terms of being able to make adjustments and which we have been making. Then I think we'll be at the top end and if they don't then we'll be closer to the bottom line. 
Dushyant Sharma: That's correct. That's correct. And as we shared earlier, one of which the -- our contracts already allow us to talk to our clients and discuss and partner with our clients to solve for that, which, as Matt mentioned, we are already in the process in some cases already. 
Dushyant Sharma: Thank you so much. Really appreciate your time. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter, and have a great summer. 
Matt Parson: Yes. I'd just say very good question. And the last part Dushyant was talking about the key point, which is it's really at least in what we've seen at this point limited to very large clients for the most part. Because your point is valid and we're still seeing small and medium-sized clients and some large ones too. Dushyant pointed out in the prepared remarks that are going live, it's just certain large organizations, I think, struggle more than others. 
Matt Parson: And then size wise, I think it was the second part of your question. It spans the spectrum honestly. I mean we're still being seeing a lot of success in the SMB space and then also still having great success at the very large and as we've said multiple times, we're continuing to focus on both of them. And we've got teams internally that are focused on both the SMB space as well as large enterprise space. And so the success we've seen so far this year on the signing side really spanning the spectrum of small to large. 
Matt Parson: Yes. I don't -- I wouldn't say there's been any change in kind of our mantra around how we think about growth and profitability and ultimately, what we want to achieve on that front. We obviously are a little bit under where we'd like to be for this year, given the things we talked about in the prepared remarks. But our overall kind of philosophy and medium- and long-term view in mantra is still the same as it was. And there continues to be leverage in the business. I think it's -- to Dushyant's point, continual reevaluation of the management team of the trade-off between growth and profitability and making sure that we're not constraining future growth simply because of an extra -- the cost of an extra point, couple points of profitability. So -- but I think just to sum it up, nothing has changed in kind of our medium- to long-term view or mantra world fundamentally in the business. I mean the business is still strong as evidenced by the signings. And so we're still executing accordingly. 
Matt Parson: Yes. I think Dushyant is an right and I'll just add, of course, that our planning modeling as we go through it, we don't assume best case scenario for client go live. We, of course, look at history and assume some amount of buffer on when they would go live typically, depending on the size of the client and various things as you would expect. I think the challenge with these 2 in particular were they were very large that we referenced on the call. The 2 we referred on the call was very large and kind of hit at the same time. And so I think as we look into the rest of the year, we've -- in our guidance, we've assumed appropriate, again or what we think is appropriate levels of buffer and delay. And these are 2 of the biggest ones that were kind of slated for the back half of the year. So yes, I think we -- as I said on the call, we fully expect that we'll land within the revised range. But actually, to Andrew's point earlier on that question earlier, I just do want to say Jeff to you and others that the demand for the product remains very strong because it is -- the markets we are in are actually the right conditions for a platform like ours. However, once the business executives make the decision to get it launched, they still need a support from their IT partners and other priorities which might be going on. And some of them are right now stretched just because of the climate we are in. 
Matt Parson: Yes, I agree that. I think that's the 2 main factors as we kind of think about the ranges, timing of go lives, implementation go lives and our continued ability to improve the pricing profile in certain situations based on what we're seeing with inflation. 
Matt Parson: Yes. Thanks, Dave. So on the first question, it was 400 basis points on our then revenue growth rate, i.e., Q3 of last year. So just to make sure the multiplier is the right number but your concept is correct. The other client was not quite as large, but it was in that same ballpark. And it was 400 basis points on then revenue growth rate at that point last year. So I think that also raises another good point, which is we -- because of the other momentum we've seen in the business, if you sort of do the math on what our previous guide was versus what this guide is when you take the numbers that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've also -- there's also been some good things that have happened that have helped offset some of these negatives during the year as well. It's not just a one-way kind of move. There's definitely been some other positives that have helped offset the negatives. On next year, I think we'll see. We'll give our next year guidance when the time is appropriate. I think as we said, they are pushing in 2023 and the revenue is not lost. So to your point, we do expect them to come live and start getting that revenue in '23. It would have -- from a raw dollar perspective, it would have already been in the number anyway, had it gone live later this year. So it's not necessarily new revenue into 2023. But to your point, on a percentage basis, it has an impact there. So we will -- like I said, we'll give our 2023 guidance at the times appropriate, but I think the way you're thinking about it is in the right direction. 
