Ronald Clarke: Glenn, it’s Ron. Not really, it’s just about pressure. We’re trying to cover a lot of geography. The world is a big place, and we’ve got some people that are particularly skilled at B.D., in relationship building. So, we decided to kind of offload their day-to-day, and get them and their teams just kind of exclusively on it. So it was really just a way to assure that we keep the pressure up on a bigger playing field. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, we’ve got a lot going on, I think is the flip side of that. We’re active, so there’s a lot to do. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, it’s Ron again. So, I think a simple way, Glenn, to think about this is we’re in this development and implementation mode, for call it a year and a half, with Shell. So, the revenue that we’re receiving is in some ways related to that “work” that we’re doing. By its very nature, that kind of work is not particularly profitable, if you look at the traditional kind of tech company margins. So I think what you’ll see is as we transition out of that type of work and into transaction processing, although the revenues won’t move in a material way, obviously the margins will. Because we won’t be doing that same kind of obviously development and conversion work. 
Ronald Clarke: You add with the guidance we gave, $0.06 to $0.07. I think you come up into the low 270’s, 272-ish. We’re guiding, obviously, kind of 276 at the midpoint, so I’d say it’s those things plus another kind of $0.03 or $0.04 of better performance that we expect. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, let me comment on the first part, and then I’ll give the deal part to Eric. I’d say the way to think about the first part is it’s structural. It won’t go away. So, in other words, although we’ve done some fair number of deals and we’re spending millions predominantly in IT, I’d say that our expectation is that we’re kind of always going to be in that mode ,Phil, and that we’re going to build plans that reflect kind of that level of spend, of technology spend. The question will just be, what is it we’re spending it on? The projects will simply change probably more than getting some happy in expense. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, Tien-Tsin, it’s mix again, right? It’s back to low single-digit tran in total. But again, a bunch of lines of business that were double-digit in volume growth. Those again, are the ones we’re investing in that have the higher revenue per tran. So again, if you peeled it back, what’s happening is we’re just increasing faster lines of business that have higher revenue per tran. Then, b, it’s continued card upgrading as I mentioned in my comments. We continue to keep moving the mix to universal cards that basically have a higher revenue per tran. We’ve started now, just in the second quarter, started to layer some of these add-ons that we’ve been speaking about. So, it’s basically business mix, it’s card upgrades, and it’s the start of our add-ons. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes. I don’t think we have a clue, Tien-Tsin. I think we’re kind of in a wait and see mode, like you guys are. We’ve obviously seen it. We’ve obviously spoken to MasterCard, and frankly I don’t think we really understand it yet. 
Ronald Clarke: I would say that our margin, again all things being equal, are going to continue to perform extremely well and should start increasing. Our business in the United States should continue to grow organically at pretty attractive rates. Obviously we buy businesses that have been underperforming and we basically increase and enhance the performance of those businesses. So, we would expect to see certainly the margins of those businesses start to improve over time, which would impact the overall margin profile of the company. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes. I’d say it will be down a bit, Adam, in totals if you took kind of the run rate businesses, Eric’s comment is we expected to be “better”. Still in the second half and the first, we said in the prior call, particularly the Brazil business has a much worse margin than the FleetCor line average. All that revenue and profit will hit for the first time here in the second half. So that will be a wait. I’m not sure we have that page in front of us, but the underlying business without that will continue its margin improvement for the reasons that I mentioned to Tien-Tsin about fundamentally mix and add-ons. We’re just generating more revenue per piece of work than we were before, which is great for margin. 
Ronald Clarke: Well, Julio, this is Eric, the revenue per tran in the United States, we would expect that to continue to increase over time because we expect obviously the business in the U.S. to continue to perform well for the reasons Ron described earlier in the call. At the international level, revenue per tran is going to continue to be impacted by the integration of the acquisitions. CTF, which we purchased on July 3 of this year, obviously has a lower revenue per tran product, so that’ll impact revenue per tran internationally, as does AllStar. In addition to that, as we begin to roll out Shell, that is a significantly lower revenue per transaction product, so that will impact revenue per tran at the international level as well. So, we’ll have to have some further conversations about how we’re going to look at that going forward to get into that. 
Ronald Clarke: I’m not sure again, against big macro things, Julio, we’ve got all that many levers. I’d only say that look, we’ve been living all of us, not just FleetCor, in a world of kind of no growth here for years and we’re still growing earnings 25%. So, I think we’re kind of getting used to the world as it sits. To your point, if suddenly Europe got softer by 2 or 3 points, it will have a tiny -- it’s not going to take our business down, because the growth engine in the company obviously is not relying on GDP or same store growth. We’re getting no help from the health of our clients. We’re lucky if they’re all flat. So, the engine of this company really doesn’t rely on it. With that said, if we went back to the ’08 stuffed down, double-digit, and the health of companies, and then solvencies go. That’s a problem. That would be a problem for us. But it would have to go, again, pretty deep, like it did 3 or 4 years ago to be more than a blip for us. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, Tim, it’s Ron. I’d say it’s still early. If you recall, we had this OFT review for the first kind of 5 months, where we were kind of hands-off. So, I’d say we’re slower out of the block. But call it with 2 or 3 months in, I think we’ve got a good plan that’s pretty clear, in place to improve margins. We’re going to change out their system over the next 3 or 4 months, which is a big deal. We started just in the last couple of weeks, the piloting of the other FleetCor sales approaches with that AllStar product. So I’d say when we get to kind of next quarter, I’ll have a better answer. But I’d say our view is still very positive on that asset at this point. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes. I think that’s a good question. So, let me give you stat you might find interesting. So, in that hotel card business we serve kind of 2 types of clients, the big, big account like a railroad that has a million room nights a year and Ron’s tree-cutting company that has 5 rooms a month. So, we’ve been very focused on the second thing because that’s what we do with FleetCor. So, that business, the “small hotel card business”, our revenue in July, this month that we just had, was equal to the revenue of that line of business when we bought the company 3 years ago. So obviously we’ve gotten much better at building that. So, when you say, where are we going to focus, there’s a ton of these Ron tree-cutting companies that are looking for the kind of proposition that we’re offering and it’s a much higher revenue per tran and that’s driving some of this double digit. The second question, which I thought was a good one, is yes, we’ve got a fast-hitting product here. So, in that business it looks like some of our proprietary businesses where they went out to a network and signed up Tim’s Hotel, and then Eric’s Hotel, and then Ron’s Hotel, and cobbled kind of 20,000 different hotels together and got these deep discounts. Well, the good news about that is customers like that because when they go there, they get huge amounts off. What customers don’t like about that is they’re not sure which hotels are in that network. So much like our private label oil brand products and fuel cards, we’re going to create a private label product in the hotel card business. So that you, Tim’s tree-cutting, would have not only this deep discount network, but you might also have 4 or 5 hotel brands that you’re familiar with. Let’s say like Windham Hotels, and you could stay in any of those 5 brands anywhere in the country for still a pretty good discount. So in the research that we’ve done, that seems to be a very, very appealing add-on to this group of customers. 
Eric Dey: Phil, this is Eric. Obviously we had a very good quarter, and some of the reasons behind the beat for the quarter were just good organic performance in our existing businesses. From a revenue guidance perspective, I would say in addition to the revenue beat in the first half of the year, I would say the remainder of that or a significant portion of the remainder of that was due to the acquisitions that we closed in the first half of the year. 
Eric Dey: Then, Phil, this is Eric. To answer the second part of your question, how much have we spent in deal related costs, in the second quarter, I think we’ve got about $1 million worth of deal related expenses in the quarter that are one-time in nature. 
Eric Dey: Tien-Tsin, this is Eric. I’d say it’s kind of more of the same, Tien-Tsin. We’re really not projecting it to go too far from where it is right now. A lot of the favorability that we experienced over the last couple of quarters was because we bought a couple businesses that have lower bad debt as a percentage of their build revenue. So, that mix of those new businesses has helped that overall basis point decrease. So, we would expect that number to be relatively consistent over the balance of the year. 
Eric Dey: Tien-Tsin, just to add on to that, even if it did it’s not very material. We have kind of modeled what the impact of that might be and it looks like a couple $3 million over the period of time that that would go into effect, some part of that in ’13 and some part of that in ’14. So, it’s not very material at all. 
Eric Dey: But I say, Julio, I think again, per our IPO of 5% to 10% point-to-point in terms of incremental revenue per tran over the baseline. Again, we get it from mix and card enhancements and add-ons. We’ll get it particularly on the international front from virgin assets. We’re buying assets that in our eyes are “underperforming” in terms of margin, which creates even greater opportunities initially for revenue per tran increases. So you should think that we’re going to plan to increase off of these baselines once you sort these new pieces of portfolio in the 5% to 10% range. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: I wanted to ask first, just on the domestic revenue per tran, other than spread, what drove that increase and is it sustainable? Because that was quite a bit higher than what we had modeled. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. Good. That’s good for us to know. Then, just on credit losses, I think U.S. is trending obviously very favorably. What’s the outlook there? It looks like it’s performing way under the norm. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yes. I wish I could say I fully understood it as well. All right, I appreciate it. I’ll figure that out. 
