Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Tien-Tsin, sitting here next to Mr. Sentimental, so I share your sentiment. I can't believe how long [ you have been with us ]. All good things come to an end.  Yes. So the adjacency thing I mentioned, I guess, in the last call, so it came out of this idea of looking at the clients, kind of what they do before or after the payment. And so I gave the example last time in corporate pay and the payables business, all the front end of invoice, prep and workflow and approvals and all that stuff before we press the pay button. So we continue to look kind of at the front end of those things to see if we can be more helpful again to clients.  And another example would be kind of in the core fuel card business. And particularly with SMBs, there are other kinds of software, a little bit what the acquirers have done, First Data and Global are the software that nests around what our small business guys do. And an old example [ of work rate is telematics ]. So we were trying to figure out if there was another service, another software service close to fuel cards that dealt with steel SMB people. So we have a couple of things that we're looking at there, where there's some software that's in the categories, in the verticals that we're in.  So again, the thought of it is not only to be more helpful to the clients that we've got to do more for them but also from the selling perspective, right, that those adjacencies bring books of clients that we could cross-sell to so it may help us sell as well. So those would be a couple of examples. So in each one of [ the areas, we decided kind of the front and the back ] around our services. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think that -- I heard that now. I think it's a great question. So first thing is it's better already, right? So I think I reported that it was around half for the quarter, so it was a little better than June and we're starting to peak at the July numbers. So the first headline is it's better already. And I think second is we've kind of figured out the new things which took us some time in Q2, right? You've got to pitch different people. You got to find leads in different ways. You're not going to trade shows. So you're still making right in not calling face-to-face. So I think the toolkit for people and the cadence and the way of selling is starting to pay some returns early. And the forecast that we've got from people, again, is getting back to, call it, 90% as we head towards the end of the year. So -- I mean I got to tell you, we're delighted, honestly, that we found a way to engage people enclosed in this world. I mean it -- there was a point there where we weren't super sure. So now it's really just a question of whether we get sales kind of back to where they were.  Again, it won't impact a ton our revenue in 2020. As you know, a number of our businesses, we sell, we contract in advance of implementation. So some businesses are more sell and go live, and other businesses are sell and go live a different day. So the key to it is to fill the end of the year, so that, that can [ forward to ] 2021. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It's a good question. So I guess I'd categorize the pipeline kind of into 3 buckets. So one is we continue to look at deals, right, in our big 4 categories, so there's other providers that do the same things. And so obviously, we're in conversations with other players that are in those spaces. And two, I think I mentioned the last time, there's a handful of kind of coveted assets that sit inside some distressed companies, so we're chasing a couple of things. I think I mentioned that wouldn't have been available probably a different day where it makes more sense for the companies to talk to us.  And then last is going back to Tien-Tsin's question. We are engaged with a handful of companies in these adjacencies, which again, up to, call it, 4 or 5 months ago, we weren't. So we're kind of, I guess, working, if you will, chasing stuff in kind of 2 new buckets versus, call it, 6 months ago.  Yes. I agree on the valuation question. We're talking about it in a review earlier this week that I guess when this happened 3 or 4 months ago, we thought valuations would be better. And I think many of them have come a lot of the way back. So we're back to the same playbook of finding synergies and finding ways that we can operate assets better than what we see as a way to be able to pay for them. So we continue to work that same angle of having a clearer way that we can improve profits to be able to pay full prices. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's another, I think, great question. So I'd say, if anything, maybe we kind of overreacted initially. So when this thing happened and you looked at our balance sheet and the receivables we had to collect, I think we had 20 meetings literally over the course of the month tightening terms, cutting lines, doing things which frankly did impact our revenue and growth in Q2, but it was a risk we -- I was willing to take. And so we're like along the way happy with the credit with some of the banks have turned in, the reserves they put in. And effectively, we've come in on our credit loss plan.  And again, just to remind people on the call, a lot of that is structural. We're charge cards. We have tons of short term, daily, a bunch in our payables businesses, credit insurance, tons of [ DDS ] in Europe. So the structure of how we collect money lends itself to kind of be able to collect it and being essential. For a lot of these field services workers, they need our product. So they basically need to pay us to kind of keep doing what they're doing. So I think we're, again, super happy with the result.  In terms of the second question, we're kind of forecasting it kind of as she goes. We don't see anything in the aging or in the payment behaviors that make us think things are going to get worse. So that's part 2. And then part 3 is we're testing our way into it. So now that we've seen these results and the clients are able to repay us, we've started loosening up. So for example, we really clamped down on our companion card where we open up for Beyond Fuel and saw the people that still were on that were able to pay us. And we've locked it for new accounts and now we kind of reopened it for existing accounts but not yet for new accounts. So we're effectively kind of stepping our way into -- in the looser policies and making sure that we can see repayment happening. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Page 9, Ashish, in there kind of shows the core virtual card thing kind of came back almost flat in July. So it's come back, really, a tremendous amount just the last 60 days. So look, our outlook on the thing is that the T&E thing will likely stay in the ditch for the rest of the year and we think the other pieces will recover. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ashish. So first of all, I think we were kind of pleased, I don't know if investors will be, that fuel cards, which are a bit of an on-the-go product, right, a mobility product, were down kind of line average, were soft at the same kind of level as the rest of the business. And I think what that points to again is that it's an essential blue collar, people try it around -- that are around people. So what we see when we look at it is a similar comment from the payables business of a huge mix. So historically, 40% or something of our fuel card clients would grow in a quarter, 20% would be down, 5%, another 20% would be down, 10% and then the remaining amount would be down something. So what we see is the whole curve has moved down.  Now only 20% grew in the quarter and 40% were down, up to 20%. And then 10% or 15% were down 75%. And so when we look at the clients that are at the bottom and the biggest decline, they're in just what you'd expect these kind of impacted industries, even parts of construction, where those projects fell away, where other parts of construction were still at the top. And so it's just a complete mixed bag of what the clients we have do and how much their business was impacted.  But the good news is we've seen the whole curve kind of move up, so not just the people down 5% or 10% getting a little bit healthier, but the people down 50% or the people down 75% all seem to be moving up over the last month. So that suggests to us the detail -- what will break is smaller. So -- that we expect, hopefully, as the plot turns, you're to get more of that business back. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Matt, it's Ron. We've got a credit score with this new impacted industry overlay. So I don't know, probably 60 days ago or something, we started to layer that over. And so we're not posting yet the mission accomplished signs despite the good performance in Q2. We're keeping credit still tight, and as I mentioned earlier, testing our way into opening it up. So we do think there's some risk when the government slows the thing down. But to Eric's point, we are eyes kind of all on it and not providing particular large amounts of credit to clients that are sitting in those industries. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Matt, it's Ron again. It's a good question. So again, what I'd say is we took the safety route first over the growth route to make sure that we're protecting the company and the liquidity. So we did dial back credit pretty significantly, whatever, 90 days ago. And so as I mentioned, now that we've seen the repayment performance, we've opened that back up, that Beyond Fuel for existing clients. So we had kind of frozen that, at least putting new fuel card clients on that program. So whether it was a good or bad idea, we did it with our eyes wide open. So look, let's protect the liquidity of the company. Let's get careful, and we can spring back into action in different days. So we're getting comfortable that we've seen some number of cycles now, and again, are starting to loosen things up. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So on the first part, you got it right. Against the prior year, expenses were, for Q2, I think, down -- Eric, 11? And I think, Trevor, I said that kind of our forecast, we're kind of planning a down 10%, high single digits kind of 8% to 10% for Q3 and Q4. And on that, what you said, some fair amount of it is variable. Obviously, with volume and revenue lower, you get money back. Sales commissions, you get money back. And then selectively, we slowed some projects that depend on outside parties, third parties that are distracted, doing other things. So it slowed some things where I didn't think we'd get the same kind of traction on them. And I guess we do get some help from FX. We got -- we had a bit of a headwind on the revenue side but clearly helping us on the expense side. But we haven't -- I think I said this before. We're trying to play the long game. So we're not carving lots of money out of client service or out of core tech or out of core sales. We're trying to protect those sets of capabilities for a different day. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think some of it is the comps or the difficult comps, but I think also some of it is people are a bit frozen when you have volatility and currencies, which we had kind of at the beginning of the quarter. The end of the first quarter, people act, and then I think they froze a bit wondering how things are going to move. So I think [ it froze a bit of the ] hedging product, which carries high margins. And then second, don't miss my credit comment. We did the same thing there in some of those products, where there's volatility and contracts to move out of the money. We -- I dialed those things back so we trimmed lines, which moves some of the share. We split share in that business across some clients.  So again, I want to make sure everybody hears that there's clearly a pretty high [ R-squared ] between credit openness and growth even of existing clients. And we were, again, quite cautious at the beginning. And now that we've seen kind of that good report, I want everybody to hear me that we're starting to loosen. We're not going completely crazy back to where we are, but we're going to help enable basically the businesses to grab some of that share back. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Bob, it's Ron. It's a good question. I think the answer is the full AP product line as we bought that business a year ago, and it is -- I mean, it's just blockbuster in front of me. It's up some crazy amount since we've owned it and up even a crazy amount in Q2. But more importantly, and in front of me, I think the sales were in the quarter -- in a quarter where we sold half, those sales were 50% or something above plan. So the demand, to your point, in the marketplace to be able to remotely pay bills, I don't know if it's going to stay at an all-time high, but it's certainly top of mind for people now sitting at their houses.  So to your point, we're clearly going to spend more money on marketing and sales there and shift more energy. So for example, we used to sell virtual cards and then -- and also T&E cards to that same account, so we had some T&E cards in our portfolio. Well, we've kind of reoriented those people to pitch virtual card and then maybe -- oh, by the way, virtual card and full AP, but not T&E card. So we'll, for sure, step up the marketing and sales pressure against that line of business.  And then second, clearly, on the transaction side. We certainly know all the assets in the space and we like the category. And I'm comfortable -- we're comfortable that we have money now. We've got, you said, $1.9 billion. And it's building, right? We generated cash flow. And I'm not so worried about the receivables and leverage is about 2.5x. So we're sitting in a place, and some of our pals that compete are not sitting as good a place, Bob. So I'd say we like where we are in terms of the pipeline there as well. So more marketing money and maybe use the balance sheet. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We're looking at all, right? We started this thing, as I mentioned, back kind of in the fall or winter last year, looking at our 4 big businesses and this whole construct of adjacency to particularly software adjacencies, their health with the clients. And so we've identified, as I mentioned to Tien-Tsin earlier, adjacencies both in payables, around invoicing, for example, and our other business as well. In lodging, we've got some adjacencies and, as I mentioned, in fuel card.  So I'm saying it so that people aren't surprised if you see us transact in something that is not exactly in the 4 but obviously, super adjacent or tied to the 4 businesses we're in. But yes, we still like the other categories. I know you, someone who follows payables, likes it and we like it. But we like -- we really do like our other product lines quite a bit, too. If you look at [ our money, our non -- 2 lines ] have grown low mid-teens for years now, Bob. So we're happy with some of the other businesses, too. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So it's Ron. So yes, the short answer is when some of the competitors came into the toll business, [ we -- the time for our business is the gorilla ] is the -- it's the top of the line and has the most coverage, the best systems, the biggest network. So it was very hard for newbies with [ premier stuff ], in my opinion, to sell, so they went to price. And so we decided to match some of their kind of free-starting things to make sure that we kept a dominant share of the new business. So that's worked pretty well. We started to -- kind of at the end of the year and roll through 3 and 6 months kind of promotions.  We tested some other ways of signing people up, for example, "Hey, if you use the thing, you pay the monthly fee. And if you don't, [ we know ]." So we've gotten creative. And so we're still selling a lot. The sales are still quite good in that business. And more importantly, the promotional stuff is converting into pay, which we studied quite a lot to the people that come on a free pass, actually convert to paying, and they do. So I'd say the approach, so far, so good. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So that's a super good question. I think the answer is it depends. I mean I'd say if the transaction is of any meaningful size, uses any meaningful amount of capital, we have to see our way to returns. So we look at returns the way you guys do money now and what we get back. And again, from that perspective, we study our thesis of things that we can do that can create better returns there.  But I'd say in some of the smaller ones, we look at other effects like the ability to sell, for example. So if we added an adjacency in payables that help clients in the front end, do we hear back and do we see in the sales results better win rates in the pipeline because our package is a bit more complete? Do we see that in the feedback and the RFPs? And so I'd say to you, if it's a smaller kind of transactions, we would look at factors other than just the profit returns. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We probably wouldn't share that other than I will make the point, which I think we did on Page 9 that if you look at the T&E card, along with a couple of other things, we called about the Brazil benefits and the airline thing, but collectively, those things are less than 4% or 5% of our revenue in July. So the headline is the T&E thing was not a super big part of the corporate payments business overall. And as you can see, it's down 40% volume, 50%, I think I told you, in revenue. And so it's not what's going to make the thing go. We think that thing's going to kind of sit where it's at. And that the growth -- the way to look at the thing is the delta between the virtual card performance, corporate pay performance and revenue in Q2 being down mid-teens and then seeing the virtual card volume recover in July, almost to flat. And so the corporate pay business is going to go as virtual card and FX goes because full AP is rocking and we're going to spend more money on it. The T&E thing will trade flat. So the recovery in virtual cards and clients getting comfortable again to make trades and FX, those will determine the pace of growth in the second half. 
Eric R. Dey: Matt, this is Eric. Yes, I mean, the good news is we're -- obviously, we're very pleased with the performance of bad debt, as Ron indicated earlier. Our agings look mostly kind of normal. And well, we do have some bad debt, that's unusual, it was mostly kind of one-off bankruptcies. As we get to the second half of the year, to answer your kind of question, our SMB portfolio is recovering a little bit slower than the enterprise volume as we've mentioned. Our SMB business as a percentage of volume is about 1/3 of our overall volume.  So we do expect a continued lag effect there, but we're taking a very conservative approach to that customer portfolio. We're looking at them closely. We look at the agings daily to see if there's any inherent weakness in any particular industry or category. And obviously, when we see that, we treat those customers accordingly. And again, I think the good news is it just -- we're not seeing a whole lot. And so customers are beginning to pay us.  From a stimulus perspective, again, I'm sure that it's helped a certain segment of customers. It's difficult for us to kind of track who's benefiting from that or not because we can't see that. But I would say we are keeping a very, very close watch on those that can be [ accounted ], particularly in certain, more impacted industries. 
Eric R. Dey: George, it's Eric. Yes. I mean I really wouldn't look at it that way. It's certainly not what we want to do long term. I mean we want to grow the business, so we want to invest in the business. I mean, certainly, over the short term, we are looking at ways to rightsize the business so we can maximize profitability over the short term. But we're also looking at ways to reinvest in the business so we can reaccelerate growth when we come out of this environment that we're in. So I would say over the medium term, short -- in the short term, I would say, "Hey, we're going to have some cost savings over the medium term. We're going to reinvest back in the business and probably get around back to where we kind of were from a margin standpoint." 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, there's really a couple of business where we're seeing a little bit of a drag. That's obviously fuel that we called out earlier. A good percentage of our business there is SMB, and we're seeing a little bit on the lodging side as well. Actually, we got some very large enterprise accounts in that business. That's how that business was built. And we've got more down market over the years. So those -- again, those accounts as well are seeing a little bit of lag in terms of how it's coming back.  In terms of quantifying it, I think we'd have to go back and actually try to put pencil to paper to come up with a better estimate. I wouldn't want to just throw something out over the phone. So if you want to get back to us, I think we may be able to come up with something. 
