Eric R. Dey: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now, everyone should have access to our second quarter press release. It can be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies' similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable information appears in today's press release and on our website as previously described. Also, we are providing 2016 guidance on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis with a reconciliation of the 2. Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2016 guidance, new products and fee initiatives and expectations regarding business development and acquisitions. They are not guarantees of future performance, and therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them. These results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today's press release on Form 8-K and on our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Security and Exchange Commission. Others are described in our annual report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website as previously discussed at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Ashish, this is Eric. You're in the ballpark. To correct, SVS had a very good quarter. There is, obviously, a lot of seasonality to the gift card business and effectively what happened in Q2 was, there were some card purchases that would normally have taken place in the third quarter that were actually accelerated into the second quarter, which kind of drove the growth in the second quarter. Unfortunately, that will probably impact the growth of that business in the second half of the year. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, I mean, I don't know. I mean, again, I think, the international business right now growing organically on a constant macro basis probably in the mid-single digits. This is, obviously, a meaningful acquisition for us. But it may take some time. Obviously, we are going to spend time integrating the business over the next 12 months kind of as Ron indicated. And obviously, we want to maintain that certainly that double-digit growth into the foreseeable future so we're going to try and do that. Whether that the mix impacted that translates to kind of double-digit is who knows, we want to get to the budget cycle before we can make a judgment on that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David, it's Ron. It's the same tale of 2 cities, right? So the large account business there continues to be a bit of a drag. The top 4 or 5 accounts that are railroad accounts are still 20% to 25% down from a year ago. So what that does is bring down the growth rate of the SME piece, which is in the 20%-plus range, down to this 9% or 10%. So basically, I think, going forward, as we lap the big account business, the growth rate should keep picking up. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I'd say we're probably more disappointing. And I think I could literally restate, David, what I said last quarter. So better, I think, it picked up a point or 2 from last quarter, but we're still trying to do 2 things there. One, move the rest of the base over to this new product, which we call AllStar 1, that we have better economics. And then 2, train the users how to use the card at the point of sale, which gives them cents off and gives us better economics, so those are still 2 priorities. If we get that done, which the plan is to get it done in the second half then those numbers will start to pick up. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I mean, it's still from a volume perspective, growing like a weed sequentially, so every quarter that we look, it's up significantly versus the prior year. We think it will still grow. Uber has indicated some interest in maybe expanding the driver pool that they offer the program to because the feedback has been so positive, and we continue in discussions about the idea of maybe offering it beyond the U.S. So I would say those are the couple upsides to really continue growth next year. But with that said, remember it's not a big revenue per tran kind of account for us, so although it delivers a lot of volume, it delivers a lot less than line average revenue. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's a good question. So I'd say on Shell, the good news is, we're coming to the conclusion of this Shell Europe outsourcing program, so the original idea was to convert 12 or 13 of their markets. They ended up selling off a market so the total ended up being 11. We're actually live in 9 of the 11 and plan late this month, so before August is over, to be in the remaining 2. So call it by September we'll have completed the entire conversion of that program in what, 2 to 2.5 years from contract signing, Eric, somewhere in that range. So I'd say, David, that's the good news and we've done a good job getting the thing over. And if we perform well, right, both in terms of the technology conversions, which we have, the service level and probably most importantly, the sales of new business, my guess is, they'll probably throw more our way, but they'll want to see their performance first. So I'd say that, that's a subject to revisit probably next year. In terms of beyond Shell, I think, I mentioned in our prior call that there were a couple of major oil RFPs. Hopefully, we'll take the mystery out of one of those, which we announced earlier, which leads. There's still a decision we believe to be made this fall by another company. So I'd say that's the status kind of 1 significant thing still to be decided. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, it's Ron. So I guess the answer is both. So yes, they were doing it internally and yes, it was a competitive process among outsourcers. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, again, I think the short story, when we bought that, is kind of copying the playbook from CFN. So the 2 companies that are in kind of this card lock business, CFN and Pac Pride, we proved that by offering an extended network, a more convenient network to these kind of private label cardholders that they would you sometimes the convenient network, if you will. And then in the CFN case, they use a kind of, I don't know, 20% of the time. And so we did the same thing with Pac Pride. We reengineered the cards so that it could work beyond the 1,500 or so Pac Pride locations and work in a network of an additional call it 30,000 locations. So as the transactions grow in the convenience network, so do our revenues. So we expect that business to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Well, there are all kinds. I mean, the most obvious one for us would be both cross-selling of the client base and utilization of their sales force. So again, they've got call it 100,000 business clients. So when we look at those, the overlap against our own fuel card and food card business is pretty small. So the first thing we would do is, obviously, talk to the existing STP corporate accounts and offer up the other FleetCor products. And then the second one is, they have a field sales group for both consumer and business of about 1,500 people, both field people and people located like in mall kiosks and stuff. Same idea, it's kind of a single product selling machine today, selling kind of electronic toll. So the idea would be to take some select set of people and locations and again start to offer the rest of the FleetCor product line. So I'd say those are the 2 kind of obvious marketing and sales ideas. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, so the short answer is, yes. In fact, that's really in essence what the Speedway transaction is. It looks really identical structurally to the Shell outsourcing deal. So I think that's a model that the oil companies are starting to move to. And yes, some of the additional RFPs and interest that's out there in the marketplace is of that same variety. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a great question. So the first off is, we've lapped the health care surprise we had whatever a year ago. So that health care segment is fundamentally stable or flat now. So fundamentally the rest of our corporate payments business is, obviously, growing faster than 13%, so that's good news. Two, as I mentioned, we doubled sales. We doubled fundamentally the headcount in that business from when we bought it, people selling corporate payments and the install cycle on that is way longer than fuel cards. I'd say in our models think 6 to 12 months maybe a peg, Jim, other thing might be 9. So if we made sales in Q2, think of that converting fully to revenue call it 3 quarters later. So your last question, stock question was growth rates. So hey, we posted 13% now, which is faster without the health care business. So I would say, again, it's fundamentally a function of our investment, but I would say that should be accelerating certainly into the high teens as we move through the year and into next year. And I think it's a function of how much we elect to invest in 2017. But again, when you double the sales of something we've it said before, it's an early stage big opportunity that's really just a function of marketing investment and implementation investment, a lot of demand for the product. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, again, it's tough, Jim, because it's really incredibly pocketed. So if you looked across all of our segments that add up to that minus 2, 75% of our clients are flat to up. So you'd be like well, that seems great. But there were a few verticals like the railroads or oil and gas that are way down, right, 20%, 25% kind of down. And then you've got these 2 markets, Brazil and Russia, which albeit small, again, are way down. Softness levels in literally in the 10% to 15% range across all their clients. And so it's those kinds of crummy economies or crummy verticals that are bringing the line average kind of below the waterline. So I don't know if we have a good guess on either of those when either those verticals in the U.S. will recover or frankly when those 2 economies will recover. Well, your guess is as good as ours. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Dan, hey, it's Ron. I'd say, again, I think, we said this in the last quarter, we would see that the growth rates that we've shown in Q1 and Q2 will go down. The main reason is, again, there's some fair amount of price that we put into that product line a year or plus ago to combat the headwinds that we  had. So that will decelerate as we lap some of that pricing. And there's, obviously, some amount of Uber helping us in there as well. But I'd say the main driver is just again sales investment that product of kind of all our products is the product like for everybody, little accounts with 5 cards like because it's convenient, joint accounts because it works everywhere and it's controlled like it. And so unlike some of our other products, you can sell it in every geography to every segment. And so I guess we like the prospects of kind of double-digit for as long as we can see assuming we can keep investing enough in sales, right, as the base keeps getting bigger. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'm not sure I've actually looked at that product line in the forecast in and of itself. So I would say probably, but it will step down as we anniversary this pricing, which, I think, begins this quarter in Q3. But again, it's an incredibly healthy, it's an incredibly healthy in-demand product. 
Ronald F. Clarke: We've got to be a little careful, right, because the client is sensitive. So I try to guide you a little bit with their size as a business. So like their #5 so you can obviously name like Shell, Exxon, BP, Chevron, the 4 biggest oil companies. So they're behind them. And then 2, they've got a really strong commercial card business. And then the comment that they'll be the third largest, they've got 8 or 9 different oil company portfolios in our North America business, they'll be #3. So I'd say it's a meaningful, it was kind of a portfolio acquisition and outsourcing agreement. So it’s kind of full value chain. So it's meaningful for a couple of the reasons. One, it will contribute. You'll see it in our guidance next year. But 2, I think, for us, it's just really reaffirming, right? As the game plays, we get the call and so for us, as more of these come up, to try to win our fair share, it feels pretty good. 
Ronald F. Clarke: You know we're like always in some conversations, but I'd say that over the next 6 months, Darrin, we're going to really focus on eating that. It is a big, big financial business and a massive set of assets business for us. And so we've got pretty bold integration plans. So starting with myself, I put a large group of people plus some outside consulting people, we're going to spend a lot of time trying to get that trajectory to stay great. So I'd say that short-term, call it next 6 months that will be a big part of our focus. And then second, I don't know if Eric mentioned it, but kind of pro forma STP we're going to get into the low 3s at the close. So call it 3 2, just to pick a number. And so I think we told you that we want to run this company kind of around 3. We might spike up temporarily for the right kind of assets. So I'd say that we're not full, we still have liquidity. We've still got an accordion in this new facility. So we're staying out there, but I'd say it's not our highest priority to go get another $1 billion deal over the next 6 months. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I mean -- I'd say, a lot, right? So we, obviously, have the fact base of how Speedway ran the thing and how they invested and how they priced the thing and did all the different things. So I'd say that our investment and channels that we have, the ability to use, for example, websites that have 6 or 8 products on it is an advantage that a clearinghouse company like us has, that an independent, a single brand can't do. And our investment with hundreds, hundreds of people in card telesales. They've had more of a field groups. So I'd say that the investment that we plan to make in sales and marketing is behind really a great brand that they've got great locations kind of in this Midwest footprint. We think we'll step that up a lot. And then B, they're squarely opportunities around how we package and price different parts of it. So I'd say that we're quite bullish on the revenue growth potential there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: No, because again, we haven't converted it. We've only both signed the contract, Tien-tsin, so, no. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So we're growing sales, Tien-tsin, almost as fast. If you take the first and second quarter, I think, we're 20% or something through the first half up, so where the first headline is, we are selling more, right, than we were in the prior year. And then the second one, which, I think, is good for investors is, it's the single best indicator of health, right, if you can sell a card program in July of 2016 then your offers are relevant. And so we call out sales to let people know, people still that are making decisions like the product line that we have in the market today, we're not living off of the past. So those are the couple of the reasons for the disclosure. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, it's the FX. I don't have it in front of me, but I think we guided in March when we announced I believe kind of $0.10 to $0.13 was the range. And so if you take the FX, which was just under 4, I think, it was 3 9. I think we use 3 23 if I recall last week to model that so the range has just moved up to whatever, 13 to 17 call it from 10 to 13. So it's up kind of $0.03 or $0.04 really on FX. But the business is kind of where we thought, I disclosed what's out there publicly on the company. When you think about a company in that economy with that kind of softness, that I called out growing revenues 11% in the first quarter. But the thing is just powering through a pretty tough place. And so what we haven't really taken up their core forecast for the balance of the year just really made the FX adjustment. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Sure. It's Ron. I'd say that the construction vertical is gangbusters for us and was a big part of the sale that I called out for Q2. So I'd say, there are 2 or 3 verticals that we target that, that would be the leadings for Q2. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. As I mentioned, the health care thing is probably a little bit soft. So, yes, the corporate payments growth is fundamentally just adding more spend from new accounts. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I don't think we think about the world in terms of closed loop because in a bunch of markets we'd have products that are "both". But I guess what I would say is, yes, we've tried to call out some of the businesses that are growing so you guys can see how the consolidated number is at 9. I guess I'd answer it a bit different way that we have still a set of businesses, particularly the ones in Brazil and Russia that are still going backwards. And we have some other businesses we called out before like check that's inching forward now and our Fuelman business, which is an old U.S. business kind of inching forward. So we have 3 or 4 businesses that are either kind of flattish because they are mature or the economies are crummy like Brazil and Russia, which were supposed to be when we did those transactions. BRIC markets, that we're going to grow double digits. So I'd say that's the contributor that's causing the consolidated number to be 9. 
