Eric R. Dey: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.  By now, everyone should have access to our fourth quarter press release. It can be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section.  Throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies' similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today's press release and on our website as previously described.  Also, we are providing 2017 guidance on both a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis with a reconciliation of the 2.  Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2017 guidance, new products and fee initiatives and expectations regarding business development and acquisitions. They are not guarantees of future performance, and therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them.  These results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today's press release on Form 8-K and in our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These documents are available on our website, as previously discussed, at www.sec.gov.  With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Ramsey, this is Eric. I think really a lot of it is we're basically lapping a year ago when we first started seeing the majority of the weakness, particularly in that energy sector and some of our fuel card businesses and even at CLC, where we saw 2 or 3 of our largest accounts experience significant softness. So we're effectively just lapping that for the most part. So we had basically under 1% same-store sales softness for the quarter. 
Eric R. Dey: I understand. Well, you've got a lot of it now. I think the reality is listen, I mean, there's a lot of numbers bouncing around when compare '15 to '16. Some of the business, obviously, has some kind of macro in it, so they're kind of some of them are hard to look at. Some of the businesses, like toll as an example, really didn't exist prior to 2016, so you've got to really look at it really in 2017 because we only owned STP for effectively 4 months. So some of those categories are going to be new. And then some of them that we've owned for multiple years, like fuel card as an example, the trend is going to be more consistent with kind of where it is today. So between '15 and '16, fuel card was impacted by the macro. But between '16 and '17, obviously, the macro is mostly kind of neutralized. So it'll be both, right? I mean, when we grow our business organically, it is through some combination of new sales. We talked about that, so call it, to pick a round a number, about half of our organic growth comes from our new sales for the year, and then kind of the other half comes from some combination of new rate initiatives and new product initiatives. So it comes -- it's going to come in both of the lines. 
Eric R. Dey: Hey, Bob. This is Eric. As we've called out for several quarters now, we've seen some softness in the health care vertical in virtual cards. And it really is health care kind of dragging it down from a rate perspective. There's been a couple of large accounts that kind of opted out that were relatively profitable. We've also renegotiated a few contracts from a rate standpoint, so a little bit lower than where they are now. So that's been kind of impacting the rate versus the volume. Now I want to make sure you're kind of clear. I mean, we are selling that product in bushel barrels. So I mean, we are -- we're going to grow that business basically from a volume perspective going forward, and that's what's driving the favorability. 
Eric R. Dey: Bob, we've looked at that historically, and we're still looking at it. We've had a lot of conversations about it internally. I think that we've obviously had some hedges in place in the past. We've never come out ahead in a hedge. And given our relatively low, low leverage today and the room that we have under our covenant, it really isn't a necessity for us. And we actually don't believe we can come out ahead of it. If you look at it over the next kind of 3 years and the analysis we've done, it just -- we just don't believe it's really a situation we come out ahead. 
Eric R. Dey: Danyal, this is Eric. Again, we kind of compare that. Is it really a quarter-to-quarter comparison as much as it's a year-over-year comparison? So I would say, first of all, so you guys understand, the organic growth really came in exactly kind of there we thought it was going to be. In the third quarter, I think it was down about 2.5%. In this quarter, it was down kind of under 1%. But again, you compare it to the prior year really as in a quarter-to-quarter kind of thing. And again, this year, we were really lapping a lot of softness that really started to materialize a year ago in kind of the energy sector, both on the rail side and on the fuel side. So we are kind of getting back to more of a normal same-store sales kind of a growth area. And I think our business is going to -- as we've been talking about in the call, is going to reaccelerate next year from an organic growth perspective. We ended this year at around, if you average all 4 quarters, around 8%, and we're going to accelerate to around 10% next year. And again, we're going to see double-digit growth rates in fuel cards, Corporate Payments, tolls and lodging next year. So again, I think we're going to be in a pretty good place. 
Eric R. Dey: I would say that's too early to call. At this point, obviously, it's kind of just beginning. I mean, from our perspective, it would be coming in improved volumes, so it's just too early for us to kind of see whether same-store sales are actually going to improve. Ask me in 12 months and maybe we'll have a different sentiment. And then we're all keeping our fingers crossed from a tax perspective that we're going to see lower tax rates going forward, but we'll have to wait and see what happens. 
Eric R. Dey: Well, I mean, yes, they lower the corporate tax rate. I mean, obviously, they'll have a direct impact on our bottom line. But until we see what the exact plan is and spend some time evaluating what the plan is, we just -- we won't know. But certainly, everybody believes that it's going to be lower than where it is today. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David, it's Ron. It's mostly just again lapping that big account business that we've talked about. They haven't recovered, but basically, we lapped most of it. So the small account growth rate is shining through more. And I think we have that business, I think we say something about it in Eric's script that we're planning that thing 13% to 15%, David, for '17. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I think it's what we've said before. I mean, it's just a great company and a great brand, and we're doing, as we told you, a bunch of things that the prior owners weren't focused on, right, because they ran concessionaires. And so sales investment, pricing, new products. We've been working for 6 months on this transformation plan. We've got some of it already in market, so we think that's the additional lift. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ashish, it's Ron. I'd say again as we've said it before, that number is a little bit bumpy by quarter, so we disclosed, I think, a 7% number last quarter. So some of that is just kind of it rolling into this quarter. So if you think about the full year number, 20%, I say that's a more useful metric for you guys to understand. But I think generally, and on the page in front of me, I think the performance was good literally virtually everywhere. I think the only kind of soft spot I can recall was Brazil. But other than that, I think every business was way up, particularly the Comdata businesses they were way, way up from a year ago. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think I tried to say in the script, we've got 2 active deals that tell us they're going to make decisions this year. I mean, I hate to say we've been told that before, but we are working hard on 2 things and hope to be able to say something about it this calendar year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ramsey, it's Ron. I wouldn't give it that much credit. I think I said before, we bought it because it's a terrific business and it's got a great team. So they did have some things in stride when we bought it that we've kind of pushed along. And I'd say our impact so far would be small, maybe a point or so of that. But the important thing is that we're in market with a variety of things. So it gives me confidence that we can push those things into the numbers this year. So I'd say no, not a lot in the number in Q4, but a lot of learning. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Oscar, it's Ron. I'd say there, unfortunately, not too much to update. I think we spent most of last year testing. We had a product in market. We've been reworking it. We've had a team or 2 selling it. We've got in the hundreds, not in the thousands, of clients using it. So I would say we actually had a big review a week or so ago. I'd say we're still retooling. We're learning a bunch of things about what we need to make the product; b, to get it to compete well against the private-label cards there. So I'd say still working it. I mean, the good news is if we get it figured out, we've been working it for a while, it's going to be hard to get chased because it's pretty complicated. But no, not a lot of progress yet. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a great question. I'd say strategically, this is one of the kind of big ideas for the company and a big upside for the core fuel card business because obviously, it's the big part of the business with hundreds of thousands of clients. So as we've gone from proprietary fuel cards running in proprietary networks to MasterCard here in the U.S. and Visa in the U.K., we've now gotten through the technical and certification and regulatory gates and have been in the market here for, I think about a year now. And so it's working. We're finding that certain clients want some additional controlled spending, for example, like construction clients. We open it up and let them buy construction supplies plus fuel. And so what we're going to do is go back not only into the client base, but as we're prospecting and start to reposition the card a bit, it's just a controlled card that could buy fuel plus mobility things, like public transportation or tolls or vertical things like construction supplies. And so if we can get that right, the leverage and incremental spend in revenue against the same client base is good; and b, I think it gives us a pretty advantaged value prop against others. There's not many others that have that. So we're on that point. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Tsien, let me just add because I do want to make sure you get some return from this. So a couple of tips, to use your word. One is, don't miss the diversification point, right? So in '14, 75% of the company, fuel cards. In '17, 55%, 56%, so almost half the company is nonfuel cards. Second tip is 10% organic growth plan for '17 don't miss the fuel cards, which are half the company, is planned at 10%. So people out there that think oh, oh, they have to diversify to grow the business 10%, don't miss that. And then don't miss that the second group of products, call them Corporate Payment products, are all growing more than 10%, which means the bucket of other is growing less than 10%, and we may do something with that bucket, as I've said previously. So we're trying to get the company positioned as we deemphasize that "other category". The mix will by its very nature, improve the growth rate going forward. So that would be my second tip, I think. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Negative. But here's what I'd say to everybody. We're sick of macro, probably like everyone else. So call it even. We're just happy to be looking at a year where it's tiny in terms of what the impact would be from the world to us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Darren, it's Ron. I would say -- I don't know if those adjectives work for us. We tried to get -- give numbers we can make. We always have. And I'd say this year is no different. And b, we only include what we own. We don't build in things we're working on in the pipeline or buybacks we haven't done. So I would say, to your point, one of the reasons we beat our opening guidance for most of the year is just generally we actually do something during the year that's accretive that's obviously not in our plan today, the 1st of February. So that's how we'd say it. I wouldn't say, oh this is a sandbag. But we are trying to give you a number we can get. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's why I tried to call out hey, we're -- we've got a couple on each side on the partner outsourcing side and on the deal side. Whether we'll pull the trigger, like always, we try to be smart, not get rushed by people. But there's certainly activity and opportunity to pull the trigger. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, it's Ron again, Darrin. I'd say on the fuel cards, I don't know if it was in Eric's comments, but that penciled out about 9% organic if you throw out the fuel price and the spreads for '16. And we have that planned at 10% for 2017. Corporate Payments was kind of mid-double-digits, and we're now looking, again, mid, call it, say mid-double-digits. I think the answer is, which is a good one is, that there's not a lot of hurt in your head on Corporate Payments. We've got a good product, a lot of referenceable clients, a huge market. You mentioned construction. It's about 1/4 of our direct business there, and we have 3% of the market. So this is a game of just getting at it. We put 60 people on the streets from 5 2 years ago, and they're getting trained and getting the pipeline. And we doubled the sales last year from the year before. So I think the way to think about it is just chasing what we're doing and then getting the stuff onboard it is going to grow that business certainly over the next 2 to 3 years. So we are trying not to overcomplicate it. We're trying to just get at what's working. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I don't know if I'd use the word 8%, but for sure, it will build as we layer in the things that we talked about -- Speedway, STP, pricing, the onboarding of the Corporate Payments thing, MasterCard raised its interchange starting April. There are 3 or 4 things that will become additive as we walk through the year. So our exit will certainly be higher than 10%, and our entry will be a bit lower than 10%. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Sanjay. I'm not exactly sure of the question, but the short answer is yes, we -- there's a card portfolio Speedway's built up over x period of time, and we've done IT and are converting, right, sending cards out or issuing cards to bring people across. That's happening as we're on this call. And so call it sometime in Q2, all of that business will be running on our systems. And then we will start to kind of treat that portfolio as you walk through kind of Q3 and Q4. So it costs money, I'd say to have that thing in the first quarter, and it starts to kind of create some money in the fourth quarter. So the exit rate of revenue into '18 will be dramatically higher than the full year number for '17. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I don't know. I think we told you guys that it's the fifth largest fuel retailer and that their card portfolio is commensurate to larger than their retail side. So in English, their card portfolio is probably in the top 4. So it's a big piece of business. But because of confidentiality, we don't say much more. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, we'd also like to repatriate the cash too if you guys want to call Washington. That would be another [indiscernible]. 
