Eric R. Dey: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now, everyone should have access to our first quarter press release. It can also be found at www.fleetcor.com, under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call, we'll be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and EBITDA. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies’ similarly titled non-GAAP Information. Quantitative reconciliation of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today's press release and on our website as previously described.  Also, we are providing 2014 guidance on a non-GAAP basis. Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2014 guidance, new products and fee initiatives, and potential business development and acquisitions. They are not guarantees of future performance and therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them. These results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today's press release and Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Others are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website as previously described and at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the  call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Tien-tsin, this is Eric. I would say the organic growth in the first quarter was in line with our prior guidance. So it's -- I would say just around the 10% or just under the 10% range. 
Eric R. Dey: The numbers actually are going to drop after this quarter. So it gets into more of the $6 million to $7 million range within the last 3 quarters of the year. However -- I mean, we do still have some plans to issue some new stock grants in the second quarter. So again, if those numbers change any material way, we'll let you know. But effectively, they are going to step down a little bit starting in Q2. Again, just assume around $7 million. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. In the first quarter, we were unfavorably impacted by FX to the tune of about $2 million. So clearly, that trend -- I mean, we're anticipating that to continue over the balance of the year. So I would take that number obviously times 4, and you'll probably get into the ballpark, and then maybe a little higher as we step into the higher volume months. So probably closer to $10 million or so. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. Hey, Darrin, this is Eric. Again, I would say, first, on a consolidated basis, it's running kind of in the high single digits, just kind of under 10%. And as you would imagine, those numbers vary by geography. The United States had a very, very strong first quarter. We were growing, I would say, in the low to mid-single digits from an organic growth perspective. And then when you look at rest of world, it was growing more in the mid kind of single-digit range with some of the headwinds that we experienced around the world. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think, Ramsey -- It's Ron. It's really an IT planning issue, and basically both us and Shell's ability to absorb the IT work. So we'll probably have a clearer answer when we get to the summer. But I would guess, probably a couple more markets later this year and then the balance in '15. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, I think they hold obviously their larger account relationships closer, a; and b, I think they view us as specialists in the small market. So I think those are a couple of reasons they started us here. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, we're not probably the right legal guys. But I'd say, our interpretation is that we would be not impacted by the law -- the way that we operate there. We would not fall under those regs. 
Ronald F. Clarke: We do. We actually process and settle locally. And again, more than half the business that we have there is basically supporting major oils and other issuers, really as kind of a software and network provider. We're not even really in the issuing side of the business. So I think for both -- all 3 perspectives, kind of legally, what we do, I don't think we'd classify as a co-payment system. Two, we basically process and settle locally. And then 3, a big part of our business is really supporting issuers. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes and yes, Tien-tsin, are the short answers. So yes, that -- the $20 million to $30 million as we basically put all those markets online. Although as you can imagine, there's concentration. So some of the larger markets would obviously represent a much larger piece of that thing. And then b, yes, there will be some startup cost but they'll be less because we'll be kind of replicating the model basically that we're using in Germany. So still cost, but lower than the startup one. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'd say, Tien-tsin, we're on the same place you are, which is we don't know. We've heard, probably like you have, that they're still pushing that to be a carve out -- because consumers are obviously the higher target. But we don't know. Again, the good news, as you know, is all of our deals there are fundamentally proprietary. It wouldn't be swept into that legislation, although clearly it wouldn't be helpful to us if there's pressure across kind of general-purpose cards. That would not be helpful long term. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Glenn. It's a good question. I'd say, again, it's pretty early. Right? Most of that stuff we closed in the fall. So I'd say we're underway, point 1. Point 2 is every one of those deals had a thesis for more revenue and more profits this year, and I'd say -- report that we're on plan for the deals internally for Q1. And b, as part of our internal forecasting, I'd say we're still anticipating the 2013 deals to be "on plan" for the balance of the year. So I'd say early. But so far, so good. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So when you compound, Darrin, the FX, those are the 2 things that kind of depress us vis-a-vis the plan. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Smitti. It's Ron. I'd say you guys should think about that as kind of around line average. It'll probably start a smidge below and then kind of grow to line average to a bit above. And the reason is it takes us a little bit of time to kind of put the FleetCor playbook in. But again, it's -- from day one, since we're acquiring the book and the deal is kind of fixed, we should be just south of our line average right off the bat. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'm always a little remiss in these calls to blow our own horn, but we're obviously delighted there, a hugely important client here for us in the U.S., and the prior vendor had a position and was servicing them, so we were quite pleased when they decided to pick us. And I'd say -- if you listen to the playback, I think it's the product. I think we've got a product that's works and is working. And I think again, that these big oil companies are incredibly cautious and risk averse, and so I think our edge is real. We have a product that actually works. And so I think ultimately, that's the call. That's why we're getting picked. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That was -- David, it's Ron. That basically was virtually 100% volume. So I think I mentioned in the last call, we've decided to kind of calibrate any kind of rate work in there and basically just go run that business hard. And so that business is almost pure volume growth. So the answer would be yes, I would say that our plan is to kind of sustain that 25% to 30% compounded growth. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I think I said this to you before. It's really just completely related to our sales investment. Right? So we have a base of x. We sell point, whatever, 0.4x. So that's what creates the overall revenue growth. And so for us, there's just all kinds of market opportunity. It's just really how much we want to spend to produce that 0.4x. So I'd say the old levers are in our hand. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'm happy. I mean, it may seem like a slowdown, but that business has been growing 15%, 20% for kind of as long as we've owned it. So I would say, when we reviewed that a few weeks ago, it's hitting on every cylinder. The big account business is getting healthier. We've got a big railroad base there that's healthy. We're selling this small inn -- we call CheckINN Direct product like crazy. So I'd say that although 16% may not seem as much, because the bases may be getting bigger, we're still selling a lot. We had record sales in that business in the first quarter. So I'd say we're feeling good, David, about the performance there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It's a good follow up. They're still in test. This is a product that we call a brand-wide, where instead of having a network of thousands of hotels that you have to kind of look up, you'd have, call it, 5 or 6 brands when you went into any city that you could go to, that we think appeals to a different segment, a more convenience-oriented segment. So I think we probably will have some report for you when we talk next quarter on how that's going. But I'd say where in the final stages of getting that thing put together and tested. 
Ronald F. Clarke: No. Remember, all these products are actually priced at a discount. If you went as a user here and looked at this product, effectively, you're getting guaranteed 15% to 20% off the lowest kind of street price for the current product. This thing would actually have, I'd say, a little bit shorter discount, again because we're trying to push the convenience and simplicity of just picking any 5 brands in the city. We don't have as much volume obviously on the thing because we're launching it. So I'd say the discount won't be quite as aggressive, but we're hoping that people are going to like the convenience. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I don't know if we've telegraphed it, but this has been a personal crusade of mine for quite some time. I mean, that -- we've said it before, those 4, 5 big Western European countries are huge in this business that we're in of fuel cards, and they're dominated by major oils. There's no kind of AllStar CCS-type companies on the continent itself. So getting a seat there and getting a book of business and being able to fund a group of people and sale is just -- I can't describe it. It's a huge deal for us in terms of getting positioned to make things work. We've got a system that works, and now we get people, literally, that'll be sitting there that can sell. So it's what you said. It's the reason we've been in the kitchen for the last year plus cooking kind of our version 2.0 card. We need a go-to market plan, right, for or capability. And so we're hoping to join those 2 things up. Right? As we build out bodies in that place, we'll then bring that product. So that's the game plan. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I'd say probably not. I'd say, ask me again. We've got a huge update on that this month so if you can remind me to answer it again, I'll give you a better view next time. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So, Phil, it's Ron. Yes and no would be the short answers. They're all Continental Europe. And no, we're under an NDA with Shell. So no on the second one. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We ended up, as you know, acquiring kind of 2 new businesses there. And I'd say on plan so far. And the good news is kind of no surprises both in Q4 last year and Q1. And I'd say the exciting part, again, is not so much what we bought but really, our launch of our own fuel card product, which we haven't had before, and a broader launch of a food card product, which we repapered in a new format. So I'd say those 2 literally will launch this quarter or early next. So I'd say that the base deals are tracking the plan, and the exciting kind of new product rollouts are kind of 90 days away now. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's what it is. It's basically -- we signed a deal with them, whatever, 7 or 8 months ago, and we've done the IT work to basically connect their network product into our issuing system. So we're about ready now to go prime time and launch a "FleetCor fuel card" in that space finally. So it's a big deal for us to get an actual fuel card. We bought that CTF, which is a different kind of heavy truck, gadget-centric kind of solution. This is a traditional kind of FleetCor fuel card to go after the SME market. So we're quite excited. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Tim, it's Ron. I think you hit again another good question. I think the first thing I'd say is I think that's why Shell picked us, right? They obviously looked at some people. So I think that our capability, not only here -- but remember, our second biggest market is the U.K., where we have the same set of sales channels working. So yes, our plan is to -- in this case, leverage their brand right through the digital, through the web channels, leverage their sites. They've got a big branded network obviously in that geography, and our claim to fame is kind of our telesales kind of sourcing and recruiting. So those are the 3 kind of big channel plays that, to your point, we're pretty tuned up on. So we're working now kind of to get those things ready for the conversion to summer. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'd say in the couple of businesses, Tim we, had before, were probably -- again, probably around a 10% organic growth rate. And I'd say, in AllStar, we're not -- I'd say our volumes are not up. And again, the reason is we tried to get that business repositioned. We put it on our platform, we crushed the cost structure, we changed the rates and now, basically, what we're doing is -- it's taken us a year to create a couple of brand-new products for the business. We have a product called AllStar Premier, which combines universal coverage with about 20% of the sites having a deep discount. So a client can now buy one product that basically gives them universal acceptance but big advantage pricing in some select locations. And then b, next month, we're launching finally the Visa chip and PIN specs. We'll have an actual -- normal, if you will, in European standards, commercial chip and PIN card. And so we've been building up basically investment to got behind those 2 new products. So again, ask me the question in a few months whether our sales rate and that thing is picking up. So I'd say, it's on our plan. It's exactly what we planned that business when we go through 19% for the quarter. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So we're -- again, we're delighted with both the revenue and the profits. And as we say, we are moving to what we call our Phase 2 of that thing now, where we're in kind of the volume growth phase instead of the restructuring phase. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Another good question, Tim. I'd say we haven't figured that out yet. As you know, all these products, which creates the defensibility in our game and also creates the difficulty, per my Shell comments, is the network. And so the struggle for us is to find a hotel network where we can get the advantaged economics that we get here in the States. So I'd say no clear idea. But if you got one, call me. 
