Eric R. Dey: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now everyone should have access to our second quarter press release. It can be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies' similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today's press release and on our website, as previously described. Also, we are providing 2017 guidance on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis with a reconciliation of the 2. Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2017 guidance, new products and fee initiatives and expectations regarding business development and timing of acquisitions and dispositions. They are not guarantees of future performance, and therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them. These results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today's press release on Form 8-K and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Others are described in our annual report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website, as previously discussed, at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Ramsey, this is Eric. I would say our range is pretty consistent with where we've been in the past. I mean, to kind of give a range, I would say we're kind of in the 8% to the 10%, 11% range is where we'd think about where we're going to be next year, give or take. We obviously haven't spent a lot of time building our 2018 budget at this point, but that would be our expectation if I had to say it right now. 
Eric R. Dey: David, this is Eric. I guess, just to kind of summarize. As we've said before, we believe we're on very solid ground and that all of our fees and billing practices are compliant with all the laws and regulations. To answer your question a little bit, we have completed the legal review. But unfortunately, in light of the recent securities lawsuits, we've been advised that we really can't comment on those reviews. 
Eric R. Dey: We -- I think what I guided to is 29.5% for the balance of the year. As I stated in my script, there's a lot of moving parts with the change in the accounting convention for stock-based compensation. It can actually move the number around a little bit. If you recall, we had a 26% tax rate in Q1. It was because we had more than anticipated shares that were exercised in the quarter. And then in the second quarter, we had fewer than we'd anticipated, which caused the tax rate to go up a little bit. But I would say in the back half of the year, we're still anticipating around a 29.5% tax rate. 
Eric R. Dey: I've got to go back and look at that, Bob. Sorry. I have to get back to you on that. I just don't have it handy. I'd have to add it up. 
Eric R. Dey: I want to thank everybody for participating in the call today, and we look forward to further dialogue. Thank you very much. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, it's Ron. So kind of first half, I think I said low teens. I think the second half will be closer to high teens to 20%. And I'd say we would stay at that level probably at least the first 6 months of next year and then probably mid to high teens. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So the short answer is it's just more term. They're happy, we're happy, so they added more term to the existing deal. We're still trying to figure out how to take the program internationally, so that's still a work in process. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I don't have it handy. I think what we quoted is our collective set of U.S. MasterCard products, I think, was a combo of the one we converted which went a bit into the ditch and the ones we didn't grew 34. I think the combination of all of those was plus 17%. The happy stuff that didn't convert and the sad stuff that convert, I think the consolidated number was 17%. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Well again, I would say per my comments, likely down, right? I tried to be as transparent as possible that we took a bit of a divot in this conversion. We did the conversion, and it took a while to get a read on it. And basically, the read of what we converted was not great. So we'll see obviously more of that as we go into kind of Q3 and Q4. So that particular portfolio will probably be flat over the next couple of quarters. And the other 5 or 6 MasterCard portfolios, we would expect will continue growing at a pretty -- 20%-plus rate. So that's -- so I'd say it's still unclear, David, what the shape of that particular file that we converted, but we forecasted it to be kind of flat the next couple of quarters. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, as you know, it's across a lot of places, but I'd say the Brazil thing got better. The employment piece, at least the line of business we're in the -- transport piece got significantly better. The lodging piece, which, I think, we had on our [ excuse sheet ] a year or so ago is in the rearview mirror. Those things are now back to positive. The corporate payments business was quite healthy to date. So I think it's -- again, when we hit this consolidated number, I think, was 1 point, 1.5 points negative. It's 4 or 5 pieces, David, moving in the right direction that brings kind of the total from minus 1 to plus 1. So it's not one thing. It's literally probably 4 or 5 things that went a bit our way this quarter. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Let me look at -- I've got the sales number, I think, handy here. Hold on 1 second. I don't have the revenue number, but I do have the sales number handy. Sales were up about 20% combined for the old Comdata business -- fleet business over the prior year. That's up 100% basically over 2 years ago when we started the expansion of people. So that productivity is obviously getting healthy now and obviously way up from when we bought the thing. 
Ronald F. Clarke: But we have completed them, David. They are complete. And I think we reiterate what we said before that our view, management view is we are in compliance with every law that regulates our business. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. And the fuel card would have been 11% instead of 8%. So when we gave you 10% for calendar '17, we didn't expect to have an IT divot in the start of the second quarter so... 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, it's been a long saga for you guys as well. So I'd say that we obviously considered some other alternatives, right, prior to entering into the deal with First Data. And b, we've gotten a bit smarter. We've now owned it, whatever, 2-plus years. So we're going to go back -- the guy running that is a very good guy. We're going to go back basically and dust off some of the other options and dust off his 3-year growth plan, which we reviewed a bit ago and come back to you guys probably next call with some clear review of what we're going to do. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, the business is performing great. Sales in that line, the business were up 35% in the quarter. I think we told you they were up 50% the prior year over the first year. So the sales are good. And that conversion time is about 12 to 18 months, so it's relatively easy for us to plan what the second half and next year is going to look like as we fundamentally have sold virtually all the business as of today that will hit revenue in the second half and in '18. And so again, that business is trending, I think, 14% -- 13%, 14%, 15% this quarter. It will step up a bit. So it's great. And then, obviously, on top of that, we have the Cambridge thing that we expect to close this month, and that gives us some great cross-sell opportunities, some ripe accounts to deliver those same domestic AP products in this. So we've grown to like that business a lot. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's a good question. I'd say it's probably in our forecast 1 point more because we didn't pick up the loss rate really until sometime in Q2. So obviously, the exit rate in June was a bit higher than the average for the quarter. So I'd say it's probably in our forecast another point of divot in 3 and 4. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a rhetorical question, but the answer is yes. We're kind of taking a pause. I mean, I make the joke -- I don't know if you're a sports guy, but you can never bat 1,000 or make 80% 3 pointers or whatever. And I guess, in IT conversion, you can't bat 1,000 either. And so we've had a lot of success. I tried to call out some to give some credit to our IT people, but this one obviously did not go great. So we are doing the postmortem and making sure that this never happens again. So we'll stage it different. We'll have different people reviewing it. So I'd say that we're going to be super duper sure the next time. So it probably won't be any time this year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So I'd say, Bob, the goal is still -- in fact, in our forecast, it's either high teens or actually hitting 20% as we exit. So to your point, we're resegmenting the higher-value people and then we've got some different sales channels that will also bring in some higher-value people. And then we've got a longer-range plan, where some of those new toll roads are expected to come online. And so the business is fighting. Just a general malaise in the economy and particularly in the trucking sector, which is a big part of the transaction, so that's one of the places the same-store sales are still quite soft, which is bringing the trend count down. But again, we don't -- today, the company doesn't get paid very much from that group. So it's not as big an impact on revenue. But I'd say that we're well along on a bunch of these plans, the repricing plans, the new sales channel, the IT stuff to enable some of it. The toll road thing is legislated. So I'd say our confidence is still quite high that, that's a close to 20% business in the midterm. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Our -- we keep track of both credit losses in total and fraud as a piece of our credit losses. And fraud has declined '16 over '15 and this year year-to-date versus the prior year. So our fraud is down. But we've gone crazy, Bob, in terms of what we call drag, net authorization controls basically to find, identify and shut off fraudulent stuff because we had our own share of problems 4 and 5 years ago. So I'd say that we've worked that pretty hard. And year-to-date, I think our total fraud losses are in the $4 million or $5 million range. So it's pretty low. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I have it here in front of me. It's kind of $5 million to $10 million favorable in the second half. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We gave 10%, Tien-tsin, right in guidance. We did, I think, 10% in the first quarter. We reported 9%. I think I said 8% to 9% in Q3 and 4 and that, for the question earlier, had call it 2 to 3 points this quarter and maybe 3 to 4 in the next quarter. So it would have been, call it, 11-ish, fuel price being 50% of the business, call it 11%. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, obviously, it's a great product when you don't scoop up the history on clients. So the product is a good product, which we've obviously sold a lot of until the thing had good satisfaction. So yes, we just -- we want to really make sure all is good, like everything is good. I want to see a little bit more of the tail here before we redirect a bunch of resources back at it. So I'd say we're still a little bit in pause, maybe another month or 2. I want to see a little bit more data. But it's clearly our best U.S. fuel card product, so we will be back selling it. The question is just is it 1 month or 2 or 3 from now. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I think in our forecast, we reported 7% global sales growth over the prior year. I would say 10% to 12% would be the number if we hadn't gotten distracted, right, calling customers back, this thing. So I would assume that, that will rebound, will be double-digit growth of sales in the second half. And we haven't done all the math yet. There'll be some flow-through from this onetime attrition, so 1 portfolio, which I think, Eric, was 3% to 4% of the global company was the file we converted. So anyway, whatever that onetime loss is, we'll see some of that trickle into Q3 and Q4, that 91.5%. But again, that's in our -- kind of in the numbers, which -- I don't want to make this a depressing call talking about IT. But just to remind everybody, it clearly suggests rest of world, rest of FLEETCOR is doing good to be able to continue to kind of beat what we set out and beat the profit number. That means kind of all things we didn't convert are doing well. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Jim, always -- I've been wrong enough on this. It's hard to handicap again. But the update I try to provide is that the time line to a decision that gets reported back to us has narrowed considerably. So we expect in both cases to hear something imminently. And then I'd say, like always, we're optimists that we like our chances. So we continue to tell you that we're in the hunt for things. There are people looking at them, people studying them and people telling us they're going to decide. And so we're kind of reporting back that we expect to hear something soon. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think that the visibility we have is limited, right? We would have called out that we see the thing turning. What I would say is there's a few industries that are clear, right? We've grown over the oil and gas thing, same thing on the transport, lodging business, the railroad thing, we're on the other side of that. It looks like, again, the Brazil thing is stable to move a bit. So I'd say that it feels like a few of the pieces that were on the wrong side of this thing have moved to the correct side. But with as many different places and things we're in, I can't say that we have a great forward view of it. We kind of planned it flat is kind of what's in our forecast for the second half. 
