Charles Freund: Ramsey, this is Charles. Pleasure speaking with you this evening. So what we've seen inter-quarter is a bit lumpy. So we've got some stuff that's moving up, some stuff that's moving down. Hard to say kind of consistently what's going to go on here.  So Q3, I'd say, it was a good step up versus Q2. So pleased with that result, and quite frankly, did a bit better than what we initially had thought back in Q2. But in terms of inter-quarter trends, hard to really put a measure on it there. 
Charles Freund: Yes. It depends on the line of business. In our fuel business, we have seen a bit more recovery, particularly in trucking in the small fleet segment. Keeping in mind that the small fleets dipped down quite a bit more than the large fleets, so they've been coming back faster, but they're still not at the level of recovery of the large fleets. In our lodging space here in the U.S., we are still seeing that phenomenon, though, but the small customers are lagging the large customer recovery pretty significantly. 
Charles Freund: This is Charles. Just the other point is we've kept some verticals that we know are still quite challenged due to the pandemic. We've kept them shut for credit purposes. Things that you would think of, right off the bat, heavy, heavy travel kind of industries, we're just not focused on them at this moment. 
Charles Freund: And then, Matt, to your other question on the expense reductions and what's permanent or not, some of this is from volume. So as our volumes bounce back, whether it's the base coming back or enhanced sales, as Ron was saying, some of that volume-based expense will come back. Some of it is driven by FX rates. So it hurts us on revenue, but we save on expenses. And so unless we see the Brazilian real turn around, some of that's going to stick around for a while.  And we also mentioned our bad debt is running low, and the aging is also staying well below what it has been historically. And so you could see that kind of continuing to run at a low rate for some time.  I'd say, going forward into next year, we're going to continue to manage expenses, but look for opportunities, as Ron has said, to shift to growth and get on offense. So we'll look to deploy some of the things that -- some of the savings that we have this year to focus more on sales and marketing and get the top line where we want it. 
Charles Freund: John, this is Charles. So on Slide 8, what you're seeing there, the volume trends Q2 year-over-year and Q3 year-over-year, that third column is really the difference between Q2 and Q3. So sequentially, right, we improved, say as an example, in the local fuel business, from minus 17% to minus 12%, we improved 500 basis points. And so you can see kind of the recovery that we're seeing sequentially quarter versus quarter, Q2 to Q3 this year.  And then in terms of the 100 customers, in that slide, which is Slide 9, we're actually explicitly removing the T&E card product and looking at that separately. So the 100 most affected customers would be those that are using our payment products, either our virtual card or our cross-border and AFEX services. 
Charles Freund: Yes. So in terms of the 20% growth, I'm assuming you're referring to Slide 8, that is embedded volume growth. The business -- we are lapping some synergies that we put into place a year ago. So when we acquired the business, they had some payments that they were doing. But what we did is we basically tied that product to our vendor database, and so we could take a bunch of the payments they were making through other modalities and turn them on to our MasterCard virtual card.  And so we saw a lot of MasterCard spend suddenly come into the system. We're now lapping those synergies. And so what you're going to see basically in that business going forward is really just organic growth. It's sales pouring in. And in this case, it's transaction volume overcoming COVID softness in the base, since that big sales that we keep telling you about is layering on. And so we're going to have this kind of, call it, high teens, 20% kind of growth rate in this business, provided the sales continued. 
Charles Freund: No, I'd say, we're pretty disciplined and balanced. So it's not -- when you say pouring fuel on the fire, everything we do is going to be incremental. It will be balanced. But what we try to do as a company is shift what we call calories. So I can make certain investments in back office stuff. I can make investments in sales and marketing. I much prefer the latter versus the former.  And so we're very, very disciplined in cost control in all of our operations. And that way, we can put some disproportionate investment in sales and marketing, while still managing the bottom line effectively. So I would not anticipate any kind of dramatic changes in that regard. It's more of a shift in spending versus big incremental investment. 
Charles Freund: So on the fuel card business, Mihir, we are still seeing some of that softness still in the small businesses, as we mentioned earlier, so that's still -- waiting for that to come back. In terms of some of the industries, manufacturing has been a bit slow. Obviously, transportation as such, public transportation, things of that nature has been a little slow in our local fuel business.  The Europe stuff had bounced back more, as shown in our volume exhibits. To your point, we're watching the lockdowns. I think in terms of the nature of those lockdowns, they don't seem quite as severe, at least is what I've read in the press regarding how far they're going to shut down. So we're still waiting to see what that impact will look like. So I'd say, to be determined. 
Charles Freund: Nothing further on our end, guys. Let me know if you need anything else, I'm always available. So have a good evening. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David, it's Ron. I think it hinges totally on the kind of sick client group that we laid out in the supplement. So the sickest client in the T&E business way, way down, which is having that thing penciled out at minus 11% for the quarter, kind of flat without those.  So clearly, the non-T&E, non-sick people will be a growing business in 2021 as we look at the plans. The wildcard is how much of that softness that we're seeing still here in Q3 will come back. So that's the debate we're having, and we're obviously watching it closely. To Chuck's point, we saw a little encouraging sign intra-quarter there in virtual cars. It looked like it was getting a little bit healthier.  So I'd say -- it's not a super answer, but I'd say, if you park the 2 sick portions for sure, you will see, again, mid- to high-teens growth for the rest of that business. To your point, based on the sales and the forecast we have for Q4 is another good one. So the sales are clearly there to grow that business. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So we do have plenty to go, and obviously, the ability, David, to borrow more money. So capital [ isn't ] the main question for us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'm not sure on the sales thing. It's -- I used the word tension, but It's pent-up demand. I'd say that it's 2 things. One, that the marketplace, the prospect universe is kind of getting back to listening again. They're less distracted. So what we do, we go in and analyze and that Google Analytics package, search volumes across all of our categories against baselines. And we see in that outside-in data the planet getting more receptive again to the kinds of things that we offer. So that's point one, which is obviously super important.  And then point two, I think we finally have the rhythm of how to sell. We all ran home and fuel people became phone people, and we remixed more money to digital. And we shrunk credit, now we've opened credit. So I think we ying-ed and yang-ed in our various channels, and now we've got kind of a sense of how to do it, how to play the game as it is now.  And so this 80% number, which was pretty good in lots of places, particularly in corporate pay, I'm looking at a forecast that's over 90% for Q4. We've obviously got one of the months in the can. So I'd say of all the areas, that's the one where I feel like we have more control over our future. We stay in this kind of a place, the fact that we can continue to move that number up as we roll forward, so pretty confident. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We are -- the reason -- I don't know on the disclosures how much detail we give you, but one of the reasons it looks like there's not a step-up in sales and marketing is the commission rolls are soft, right, because of the bad performance in Q2 and now just improving performance.  But we made the call probably 60 days ago to start to step-up investments, both in people, on the recruiting front and a certain kind of new digital campaign. So no, it's -- again, it's the one -- it's the key to the company, right? When you get all done with this softness, sickness thing of who is healthy and who is not, we still have a business you can plan, right? Whatever you give me, that baseline and then we lap whatever the softness or hardness is, we got a business that we can run 10% on the top. And so we're back at that game trying to build a sales plan for next year that keeps the company rolling in that fashion. And it's -- I mean, what I'd say back is that's a bunch of words, but more importantly, when 90%, 50%, 80%, and we're forecasting above 90%, so there's real evidence that it's working. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean we -- this is a thing called down the fairway. But number one, that playbook, which is part of our model for every deal, worked quite well. I mean I think we reported or in one of these calls, I told you that we've more than doubled the profitability of Cambridge between '17 and '19. And so the first point is, yes, we'll reinstitute that same playbook for AFEX.  But then the second one is, that there's 2 businesses now that look the same. So there's a second bite of synergies in the combinations that we didn't have obviously in the Cambridge deal. So that's why we gave the range. Obviously, our thinking is the 2 steps of thing, make sure we understand it. So we'll run them. And we started the planning for that thing to get to first phase. And then as we get smarter, for example, they've done a small business in North America in a management layer, call it, the last 10%, 15% of the Cambridge business we have. So we'll clearly assimilate things like that, and they have way stronger positions in Asia. So it sets up really well, both to grow the business and to make it way more profitable, so we like it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's, Steven, a super, super good question. I mean I think some of the softness this year at 2020 is not only sales, but what you said in that business implementations, because we kind of sell the year before and then implement the year after. And so a number of implementations in that business have been stalled, slowed as we certainly went through the second quarter and are starting to kind of reactivate. So the million-dollar question there, just like David's earlier is, how many of those implementations will hold? Will people stay with them if they agree to do the thing 3 or 6 months ago? And will they be away from their distractions where they could work hand and hand with us to implement the thing? So I think it's the same -- a bit of the same question, which is we've got a book of business that we can convert into revenue there, but we need cooperation of the clients that have agreed. So to the extent that they're agreeable, that, back to your point, will accelerate some of the recovery next year. And to the extent that it doesn't, they quit on the thing or they continue to back burner it, then that won't be helpful. So I think we're just seeing now signs in the last month or 2 of those implementations kind of getting back to a targeted level. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think the Brazil and the other ones, we did slow things down mostly around our credit paranoia back when this thing first broke. So we've obviously relaxed that, and then be just their population getting back out and about, right, driving around, refueling, going to fast food places, going back into the city, and they had a big closure like we did here in terms of their malls and stuff. So it was a real slowdown in the Beyond areas, right, of fueling, parking and fast food.  That's kind of recovered. They've kind of reopened the country. So we're seeing those transaction volumes tick back up. And we're also seeing it on new sales. I think you've heard that a big part of that initiative is to attract people that are kind of in the city that aren't toll people that want to use those things. Well, obviously, when there's no need to use those things, it's not as interesting a pitch. So we're seeing it in the last month or 2 that gets resonating again as the activities picked up. So I wouldn't say it's all the way back to pre-levels, but it is way back from where they were in Q2. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. You're saying the difference between the volume recovery versus the revenue? I mean I'd say in the virtual card business, a lot of it is mix that some of our channel partners that have lower revenue to us per spend dollar have recovered more, think of the people that are investing lots in sales and marketing. And then obviously, we have, again, some series of sicker clients and the -- unfortunately for us, they used to pay us more.  So I'd say that probably the biggest delta between that exhibit would be the mix. There's a fair number of pretty large clients on both sides of that wheel, some clients that are going up, like health care, as an example, would be like a perfect example. That had a, I don't have it in front of me, but a dramatic step up Q2 to Q3. It's kind of elective surgery and kind of normal hospital stuff kind of came back. And our margins in that health care business are way worse than in kind of the more traditional horizontal kind of a business. So that would be the partners, if you will, the wholesale business and the health care business have recovered better than some of the other businesses that pay us more. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I keep saying -- I mean obviously, it's a super strange time and stuff. But I think if you said what's the most surprising thing to us is how well those businesses, both our domestic and international fuel have recovered. I mean the softness recovery, I'm not sure I have it in front of me, but literally, I think our international business existing clients, we call same-store sales, was down 25% or something literally in Q2, and recovered a ton. Again, I don't have it in front of me, but I think it is to 5%, picked up kind of 20 points or something in the improvement. So that would be something. And then even in the U.S., I think it's improved. If it was down 15% or 20%, it's down 10% or something. So that is what I'd say is the biggest thing.  Our applications are way up again because that Google outside-in, the world is more interested in searching again on fuel cards and fleet cards, so we're beneficiaries of that. Although, again, I think in the new business, we're still being a bit more careful in credit with the super small accounts, which tend to be in our fuel card business, is where we have smaller accounts. So we're still concerned with fraud and stuff. So we're being -- our approval rates are still lower in that line of business.  But it's doing, Ashish, I think, significantly better, particularly in the third quarter on the strength of the -- really, again, the clients coming back and the forecast from our guys are even more recovery there. So it's doing well. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Let me, Matt, this is Ron, take the first half on credit, and then Chuck could take the expenses. I'd say that, no, it wasn't a green light at the beginning of the quarter where we turned the thing on. It's been very segmented. So we've moved at different speeds with different businesses. We've moved at different speeds with existing clients versus new clients. And we've moved at different speeds for super small clients, like we get in the fuel card business.  So when I said in the comment that we were kind of back, I'd say, we are. We've gone back to medium and large clients, and re-extended their terms, days to pay and stuff that we had shortened. We've increased some of the credit lines again, so we could get more greater share of their business. But we continue to be careful on some of the Beyond because obviously, that increases our credit exposure, our credit limits within a single client, right, which we view as a bit more risk.  And we continue to be cautious on the digital new business because they're coming in not as well as green as if they run through our people and they're smaller. So I'd say, it happened over the last 4 or 5 months, and sitting here today, it's probably, Chuck, I don't know, 80% or 85% back to normal with this Beyond and the small digital being the couple of exceptions. 
Ronald F. Clarke: But we are tradable, Matt. When we see credit losses come in the way they have the last 2 quarters, we look and we see roll rates and all kinds of stuff that we look at and were like, huh, I guess we, along with some other people, maybe overreacted to the credit risk. And part of it is the essential nature, again, right, of what we do to people want to get our programs because it's part of their day-to-day jobs.  And then, b, the velocity of what our receivables are, we have all kinds of stuff like daily terms, daily net buys and stuff and trucking. So our terms are quite rapid. So we've been, again, just super fortunate. And so we're now trying to lean back towards the growth side and saying, okay, we're open to taking a bit more credit risk now that we see it's controlled. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Bob, it's Ron. It's a good question. I think we described this business to you before, we look at it kind of like as a game board, so kind of chessboard, and it's got segments on it. So it's got kind of small, medium and large companies, and then it's got off to different verticals and stuff. And so if you look at the early days of the corporate pay or payables business, players are kind of going after certain cell. So some guy is focus on some verticals like us even, take construction, is a big part of our business. Some people like our pals, Bill.com, focused on super small clients and so on.  So the first thing I'd say to you is, we're acutely aware and focused on those, if you look at that game board, which ones were capable to be good at today and then what capabilities would we need to be good as some of the cells were not in. So there's a few verticals that we like, that I like a lot, that we'd like to be in, where there's connections to ERPs and client references that we need, so some opportunities maybe to buy into some of those. And then the same on size, right? One of the things we've debated is do we take our full AP product that's a super good product, but target it in the mid-market and make a down-market version, so that we can chase that to the 500,000 little clients we have with it. So I'd say that, that's -- the primary thing is widening the capabilities to play in more of those segments. And then, b, I think I told you in the prior calls, the running up the value chain, like, for example, getting good at invoice automation. So the client doesn't have to open 100 invoices and tear them open and somehow get them into their system, and then we help them pay it, but maybe be more helpful to them as they pull those invoices and digitize those invoices.  So those are the 2 games. We're going to get wider in the segments, and I'm hoping you'll hear more about that, and we'll get kind of broader in the value chain of the adjacency. So a year or 2 from now, you'll see us more in those 2 spots. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'm not going to answer that, other than say, obviously, we always look at the made by, so we're analyzing all of those options. All I can tell you is, we'll have this. We're committed, to your point, to this space, and we're looking at the various ways to get wider in this game and we will be wider in this game. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I don't know, John, whether we're making this point clear why we put this thing in here. Again, no one understands this better than you guys of how COVID and shutdowns have helped some companies and hurt some companies and then super hurt some companies, the whole distribution.  I guess the headline we're trying to give is that partitioning of impact sits in our client base. So when we look at the business that we built, it's a function of the health of our clients. And so just like the investments that you guys look at, we have some set in all of our businesses of super sick clients that we didn't know could get so sick, using fuel cards or corporate pay products.  And so the softness and the down performance of our company is really, as we've said, mostly now just a function of the health of a narrow group of our clients because we're back selling, our retention is fine, our credit's fine. And so the other parts of our business that allow our business to go forward, fortunately, are kind of okay again. So it's really just -- the point of it is really just we have, in our 800,000 clients, ones that were massively impacted by this thing and continue to be. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Let me start, George, with the second question first and then come back to the U.S. I'd say this is another one a bit like our credit thing. Probably all of you were like, oh, sheez, FLEETCOR's got fuel cards, and oh my god, it's going to be electric vehicles and oh, they won't have any business or whatever. Okay. So we're like, oh my god, I wondered when a client that's got 20 plumbing trucks gets 2 or 3 electric vehicles, while our business go down 10% or 15%. So what I was really trying to report now that we're in the game is no. That example of a mixed fleet, our business is basically flat. And I'm studying this over the last 6 months. I'm like -- what is going on here, guys? And the answer is that the business wants to know about their vehicles and usage and purchases and what the people are doing, frankly, across the entire 20 vehicle population in that example.  And so having a card in a way that the 20 people can still all buy and get reported on one account, I guess we didn't really realize how valuable that was to companies, and they're willing to pay. They're still paying card fees on those 3 electric plumbing trucks and they're -- obviously, we're getting paid for the new networks we've established. And they even want to know when those things are getting charged because they have admin to do with their employees, right? Their employees want to kind of get reimbursed, if you will, for at-home charging, the gadgets and the electricity and stuff. And so the headline for everybody is, at least initially, while the fleets are mixed, it's not a big -- we don't view it as a big drag, which, to me, I want to tell that story because we think it's pretty good news.  On the second question, I think it's as much a government question as anything. Look, the reason that some of the countries we're in, in Europe are ahead in EV is the government has set it up that way, right, in terms of incentives and targets and stuff that they've set up. So maybe we'll know something tonight or tomorrow here about our government. But I think a lot of it, the pace at which the U.S. will try to catch up, I think, is going to be a function really of the incentives that are put out there, how high a priority it is. But again, my guess is the behaviors will be probably pretty similar to what we're seeing. Networks will get billed, networks that work will get billed, and we'll probably copy the same playbook for a while. So to me, it just keeps pushing out the electric vehicle impact on our company. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's new sales, Trevor. So we keep track of what we call annualized new business. We sign up 30,000 clients in the quarter, how much revenue will they create. And so we have a system that measures that. So yes. So I say, hey, we were 50% of new business. Now Q3, we're at 80%, and we hope to be at 90% or 90%-plus, that's comparing new business we got in Q3 this year to the amount of new business we got in Q3 last year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I mean let me go back to what I said earlier that Togut asked, which is, once you normalize this base softness or wherever it is, this is -- I want to make sure everyone gets it, this is the game. If you could get sales, right, to be more than attrition, and we said retention ticked up a point, it is the key to planning this machine running forward. So we will lap the softness, even though we're recovering some. So I don't want people to miss how important this metric is to us and to the revenue growth going forward. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Let me just add to what Chuck said. The answer is yes to are there super sick clients like we show in corporate pay. We run the distributions of the clients. So let's say we had 100,000 clients, we basically put them in layers, call it, 5 or 6 layers, hey, 25,000 of the 100,000 have grown, hey, 25,000 are down like 5% or 10%, hey, 25,000 are down 20% to 30%, and then 6,000 are down 80% or more.  So we see the whole distribution of super impacted industries versus industries that were nicked by, we're going to have one less plumber because some homes won't accept them. So it's not quite as stark as it is in the corporate pay business. And again, it's why we've seen actually more recovery, if you will, of our same-store sales in the fuel business than in the corporate pay, because we have retailers and maritime payroll and hotels, things that don't move that have been shuttered that are in our corporate pay business. So we were just dealt a more impacted set of clients, effectively sitting in that business. 
