Eric Dey: Hi Phil, this is Eric. Let me comment a little bit on the overall organic growth of the business for the quarter. You can see in our press release our North American segment was up approximately 16% for the quarter and our international segment was up about 60% for the quarter 2012 over 2011. The majority of the international increase was driven by the 2 acquisitions. 
Eric Dey: Nothing unusual happened in the quarter from a receivable perspective. Obviously, fuel prices were rising in the quarter and our receivables can be impacted by a couple of things: one, obviously the rising fuel price; and secondly, by the day of the month that the closing actually occurs. But nothing unusual there at all. From a cash flow perspective for 2012, again, we provided adjusted net income guidance of between $217 million and $222 million, and that's effectively our cash flow. 
Eric Dey: I wouldn't say the sales had a big impact on the quarter, Glenn. I mean, sales certainly impact the business over the long term. But I would say over the short term, in Q1 as Ron indicated and like I said in my section of the call, basically all businesses kind of performed according to plan. So we were very pleased with the performance everywhere. The U.S. business was up about 16% organically kind of year-over-year and effectively beat our internal expectations. At the international level, obviously our revenue was up kind of 60%, driven to a large degree by the performance of our acquisitions. But again, I would say that all of our businesses performed well. And if you go back to the fourth quarter earnings call, we actually guided to $0.55 to $0.59. So we actually beat our guidance pretty handily in the first quarter. So I think overall, we're pretty pleased with the $0.60. From an overall perspective, obviously that beat in the first quarter obviously factored into our overall guidance perspective on the full year. Now we're guiding toward the high end of the range. It's also early in the year for us, Glenn. So I think you'll have more color on our full year guidance as we kind of get further into the year. 
Eric Dey: The margins of the 2 acquisitions obviously are very, very good, but they're a little bit lower than the FleetCor average. Again, we like to buy attractive assets in attractive markets, and to a large degree we like to buy under-performing assets that we can improve. And we believe like other acquisitions that we've had in the past, these are acquisitions that we believe that we can improve over time. Certainly they have very, very healthy margins and kind of in line with the rest of our businesses, but they are below kind of the line average. And then again, to your point on revenue per transaction, these are just lower revenue per transaction products. So as Ron indicated in his comment, when you factor in those businesses to our other businesses in the international segment, the mix of those businesses will cause the overall revenue per tran to decrease. But again, we manage the business on a business-by-business basis, not on the aggregate of just the international as a whole. 
Eric Dey: I would say, Tien-Tsin, that if you exclude Mexico and AllStar that our transaction growth on the international segment is kind of in line with where it's been running historically. 
Ronald Clarke: Phil, it's Ron. Again, it's mostly mix. So inside of that North America number is a couple of very large books of business that don't grow that have low revenue per tran. And so we're spending all of our money on the businesses that have higher revenue per tran. So that weights down effectively the businesses that are growing faster and it's a very, very big piece of the total trans. So the answer is because of that structurally, the answer is yes. You're going to continue to see on an aggregate basis lower tran growth and higher revenue per tran because of mix. 
Ronald Clarke: We're active in 2 RFPs now in Europe, and they're both significant, large, well-known companies. Large, well-known companies. 
Ronald Clarke: Roman, it's Ron. On a line of business basis, they are all increasing. So you guys are looking at some aggregates or North American, international aggregate. If you unpeeled down to our lines of business, every line of business has revenue per tran growing. So the only reason that the aggregate is declining is mix. We buy a big book of business that's got half the revenue per tran, that obviously brings the average down. So the answer is, we've said it repeatedly, we're investing in the businesses that have higher revenue per tran. We're acquiring businesses that start off with lower revenue per tran, and we're increasing all of them. 
Ronald Clarke: Generally, seasonality-wise, the second and third quarters are better than the first and fourth because of basically holidays and weather in the markets that we're in. But underlying that is, we have a bunch of businesses that are growing and they grow quarter-to-quarter. So if you took out seasonality, every business that we have would either be the same or higher as you get into the fourth quarter than the first. And so that's underlying, Roman, the trends for the year. Glenn's question about if you did $0.60, how are you going to get to what,  we said $2.55 to $2.60. The answer is that Q2 and Q3, you get free lift for seasonality and the businesses that are growing have more revenue and profits in Q3 and Q4 than they do in Q1. 
Ronald Clarke: Tien-Tsin, it's Ron. As you know, we've spent a fair amount of time. We probably worked on the Mexico deal for 9 months-plus and the AllStar deal we've known for 4 or 5 years. So I'd say our thesis prior to close was relatively thorough in terms of what we thought we could do. There is a few things, but I'd say generally whatever, 4, 5 months in AllStar and 6 or 7 months in Mexico, it's setting up as we thought. The business is kind of a bit ahead of what we'd planned for both of them. And I think we remain very confident that we'll put our thesis into action and get more money out of those next year. 
Ronald Clarke: No, I'd say again, Tien-Tsin, that it seems kind of steady, steady as she goes. And again, I think maybe it's the markets again that we're in, we've got a big position in the U.K. and in Czech. And I'd say in both of those cases starting a 1.5 years ago, they stabilized and we're seeing nothing to change that view. 
Ronald Clarke: Wayne, it's Ron. I would say you would see us getting the kind of line average probably middle, late next year. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes. I'd say we're a little farther ahead on the Mexico thing, because we obviously acquired it sooner and we worked on it a bit longer. But I'd say 12 months to 24 months into these things we've kind of put in place what we're looking to do. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, more. I hope if my comments weren't clear that I can make them clear. We're about getting positions in attractive places where the penetration rates and the growth rates of vehicles and fuel in the business models are being prepaid and you can get money from both sides. We're all about getting into places where it's good to be in fuel card. So it's not surprising that we've spent time on Russia, Mexico and Brazil and are focused on those markets. And so I would say you guys should be looking for more of the same. The pipeline that we're working on, again, tends to be outside of here. And we're about it, because we're about trying to get positions in places that can go fast. 
Ronald Clarke: Not really. Again, I think we've spoken, Wayne, a bit about this before that there is a lot of segments in the U.S. and kind of the over the road and the big local national account business, the UPS business, those things are pretty mature and we're kind of not in them and they're kind of slugging along with some rate compression. But the small and mid-size that are really distribution-intensive, you've got to have a distribution capability to get up those. That thing is still decent and you can make decent money in it. So I'd say the competition in that last space is not with other fuel card guys. It's with credit cards and cash and other kinds of functional payments. So I'd say in the U.S. we continue to like the segment that we play in, which is why we're growing 15%. We're not signing up big wins like UPS or Coke. We're signing up, as I said, in the sales opening thousands and thousands of 15 vehicle accounts, which we like because we like the margin dynamics of those accounts. 
