Eric Dey: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. By now everyone should have access to our third quarter 2012 press release. It can also be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relation section. Throughout this conference call we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and EBITDA. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today’s press release and on our website as described previously. Also, we are reviewing 2012 guidance on a non-GAAP basis. Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2012 guidance. They are not guarantees of future performance and therefore you should not put any undue reliance on them. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today’s press release and Form 8-K filed with the Security (sic) [Securities]  and Exchange Commission. Others are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website as previously described and at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric Dey: No, that’s actually not correct. I mean we’ve got organic growth clearly in our European operations as well. If you remember when I commented on like the international businesses, I kind of talked about each one individually. So we had kind of had double-digit growth in our Russian business, double-digit growth kind of in the mid-teens in our Mexican business. Our Brazilian business is actually up, certainly double-digit levels over prior year as well and then our European businesses are kind of flat to perhaps down a little bit because of the economy. 
Eric Dey: Generally Julio, the businesses that we are acquiring are non-fuel spread based businesses. So as a percentage of our total revenue, that mix should decrease over time. 
Eric Dey: No, it's just another revenue sources. We have many different models around the world and that’s just one of our models. 
Eric Dey: Well, you know what happens Adam is, when we buy some of these businesses, generally speaking some of those businesses have lower revenue per transaction products, like the Efectivale business and the AllStar business as an example. Some of the businesses actually have higher revenue per tran businesses, like the CTF business and actually the Russian acquisition that we recently completed. Generally though, after we buy these businesses we improve the performance of those businesses and the revenue per tran in each of those business will start to increase over time. But generally when we just buy them, it can have a negative impact on the run rate, just because of the mix of the new business. 
Eric Dey: Hey Phil, this is Erick. Yes, if you look at our margins kind of in each of our 2 segments, at the North American level our margins were up kind of, I don’t know, 3% to 4% and what drives that effectively is the organic growth in the business. So really nothing unusual going on from that segment perspective. If you look at the international business they are probably down a little but -- and that’s driven primarily by the mix impact, obviously of adding the lower margin businesses into the portfolio. But I would say that on a consolidated level, our margins are exactly where we thought they were going to be. 
Eric Dey: We are just starting that process Phil, so there’s a long runway between when we are going to start reaching any inflection point on the new deals. As Ron indicated, I mean we are just starting with AllStar and we are just scratching the surface with some of our other acquisitions. So there’s a pretty good runway in front of them. 
Ronald Clarke: Okay Eric, thanks. Hi everyone and thanks for joining the call today. I plan to cover just a couple of subjects here in my opening remarks. So first off, I’ll provide a bit more perspective on Q3 and second, I’ll discuss the overall outlook for the company. Okay, so first off let me turn to our results for the quarter. The Q3 results we reported were really good and ahead of our internal plan. We set new record highs for both revenue and profit. We reported Q3 revenue of $187 million up 39% and cash EPS of $0.83 up 47%. Our adjusted net income grew over 50% for the quarter and our EBITDA reached almost $100 million for the quarter, so overall pretty good. So in terms of drivers, let me start with the environment and I describe the environment really as mixed for the quarter. Our market spreads returned to normalized levels, so not much help there. Fuel prices were flat in the U.S. but up a bit in Europe, so it helped our International segment some. We enjoyed a favorable onetime Q3 tax credit, which was worth roughly $0.03 in the quarter, so kind of operating EPS really $0.80 for the quarter and on the negative side FX was the headwind reducing our revenue approximately $3 million versus constant currency, so really again a bit of a mixed bag. Our North American business had another really terrific quarter. Adjusted revenues grew 11%, all organic and our universal card programs drove most of that upside, beating our internal expectations really across the board. Our CLC business continued to perform well. It was up 14% for the quarter. And then lastly our recent acquisitions, AllStar, Efectivale, CTF and NKT were all added into the quarter, so that gave us lots of additional lift. So in summary, we are obviously very pleased with these Q3 numbers and given our trends, we are raising our Q4 and full year guidance to reflect this momentum and Eric will cover those details in just a bit. So now let me transition over to the company’s outlook and begin talking about our current state of the union. So obviously we are pleased with how the company’s performing. Our performance is really across the board, virtually every business doing well. Most of our key metrics are in a very good place, client satisfaction and retention levels are improving, new sales are up, credit losses are stable, expenses are under control and our system reliability is sound. So given these trends we believe we can keep moving our base business forward despite being in a neutral economy. So overall I characterize our core business as very healthy. Second, in terms of outlook, we believe there is a big, big upside in our new assets. So we’ve acquired 4 businesses or 4 new assets in the last year, all outside of North America and we are making some good progress, improving profits in each one of them. So for example we are converting right now our AllStar business in the U.K. to GFN, our global processing platform and this conversion will deliver not only material expense saving, but sets the business up to do new things like e-billing, offer chip and pin cards, give us even some new pricing alternatives. In our Mexico business Efectivale, we are well underway reshaping that business, moving clients from paper to cards and emphasizing fuel, which carries much higher margins for us. We are also launching a universal fuel card there, which we believe the market will like. So in summary we expect these 4 new assets to yield higher profits for us as we move into 2013 and ‘14. Finally, we remain very active in our global business development efforts. We are accomplishing a number of the goals that we set out, so we are getting into new markets, more attractive markets that give us access to more market potential and a longer runway. We are getting our GFN system accepted and recognized as the best fuel card system in the world. We are upsizing our credit facility by $500 million, bringing our available liquidity to $1 billion and we are committed to focusing that $1 billion of liquidity on businesses we know and businesses in which we can improve performance. We remain very active in both new partner development and new acquisition situations and we’ve even stepped up our investment in new add-on product capabilities, mostly centered around mobile tools. So we believe the company is well positioned to do even bigger things in the future. So in conclusion, we are pleased with our Q3 results, we are pleased with our trends and momentum and we are very encouraged by some big, big opportunities in front of us. So with that, let me turn the call back over to Eric to cover our financial results and updated guidance in more detail. Eric. 
Ronald Clarke: Julio, its Ron. I would say they are probably consistent with our theses when we did the deals, which would be pretty significant next year. But we’ve owned a couple of them almost a year and certainly will be a year by December in the case of AllStar, so we are pretty well underway in making improvements. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes Adam, it’s Ron. We are kind of at the one-yard line in terms of being ready to launch into the first market, T minus some set of dates here and so there would be virtually kind of no impact here in 2012, and then I would assume that we would probably board about half the transactions next year and the other half the following year, kind of half in ‘13 and half in ‘14. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes Phil, it’s Ronald. The leverage tends to be onetime on the cost side, but it's kind of never ending on the revenue side, both pricing and then what we call product upgrades or mix or the add-ons. So again, I think our message is consistent, that we expect margins to continually increase. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes, we like to have some money, so yes Phil, I would say as always the same line, busy. What we are involved in both on the partner side, oil partner and on the pure acquisition side, we are in multiple situations on both of those fronts, one of the reasons obviously we up-sized the line. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes so the answer is it’s a mix. So of the partner opportunities we are looking at, we have both kind of processing-only kinds of opportunities and we have more full service outsourcing opportunities as well. We have some that require 0 capital, it’s just taking over and provisioning a service and we have others where we’re “effectively acquiring” the card base and paying some premium basically to do that. So it’s a mix, Phil, across the things we are working on. 
Julio Quinteros: Okay, great, that’s helpful. And then as you guys have had a chance now to kind of look at the integration and the plans around some of the recent acquisitions here, is there anything either from a cost or revenue perspective that you guys are seeing, that provides move opportunity as we really start thinking about 2013 and what the contributions could be here, again, either from a revenue or a cost integration perspective. 
Julio Quinteros: Okay, got it. And then just lastly on the ramp of the new assets. When it's all said and done, are there any targets in terms of we should be thinking about how much the fuel spread business could contribute to revenues over time. That’s something can cause some noise quarter-to-quarter, but anyway think about how the new contribution from the new businesses could impact the overall mix there as you start looking at the kind of longer term view. 
Julio Quinteros: Yes, I realized that. I was just wondering if there was a target or something that you guys had in mind in terms of where you would like to get the overall contribution from that type of business. 
