Eric R. Dey: Dave, this is Eric. Yes. I mean, it's a couple of things. One, obviously, we expect our businesses to continue to perform, actually accelerate as we get into the second half. It's more like we have tougher comps. So last year in the second half of the year, our businesses accelerated as well. So we're expecting again accelerated growth overall but then just tougher comps from an organic growth perspective. 
Eric R. Dey: The combo, Dave, we call it our local business. I'm looking at the local business. It was up 13 for Q2, which includes our Fuelman business and MasterCard. I don't have the split in front of me, but it's circa, in that range. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. Jim, this is Eric. We continue to add more customers to the base of the beyond fuel bucket. So I guess as an example, if you remember from last call, I think we said we had about 5,000 clients that were actually in that beyond -- using the beyond fuel capability. We've accelerated the acceptance to about 7,000 clients at the end of Q2. And again, we're still looking at accelerating the acceptance of that to about 100,000 customers eventually. So we're slowly getting to do that.  So I think as we get into 2020, you'll see that beyond fuel category accelerate by another point or so. At least that's our goal at this point. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. I mean, we're stepping up our investment continuously in the beyond toll category, as Ron indicated earlier. I mean we now have over -- I think over 1 million people that have toll tags that can actually use those cards to buy other things like fuel as an example. And we're also marketing that product to people that are using the toll product as an other than toll- first sort of thing, meaning they want to buy fuel but they don't really spend a lot on -- in the toll roads and they want to buy fast food, and they want to buy parking. So we've got a different universe of customers. And as Ron indicated, we're starting to partner with some major -- with a major car brand, Nissan, who's starting to install the toll tags directly into the vehicle as it's manufactured, which is obviously going to be a boon for us as well.  So yes, we're going to start seeing some accelerated growth as acceptance increases over time and as our investment in sales and marketing steps up over time. So we're going to -- starting to sell to more customers. So we're very bullish on the prospects for the beyond toll category. 
Ronald F. Clarke: David, it's Ron. We've also got the gift [ in ] the other, which we don't call out, looking those to be not super great in the second half. So probably still double digits for the nonfuel lines, in that 9% to 11% number. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I mean all -- I'm looking at the sales page. All look pretty good. The corporate payments again was blockbuster. It was up almost 40% over prior year. And the Brazil, I think I mentioned the new sales channels there that we launched 2 or 3 years ago were just rocking again. So that's just way, way up. So I'd say those are the 2 pulling the rest. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think it's a good question, Tien-Tsin. I'd say a couple things. One is it's mix obviously. So having bigger businesses here that have bigger TAMs makes the nonfuel lines grow. And then second, to your point, we have had, starting with me, more focus on the knitting because we've done less big deals right in the last 12 to 24 months. So I think both of those things have brought more focus in today's business. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We don't actually book-keep our sales or new bookings per se into the beyond buckets yet. It's a bit of a manual kind of system. But I'd say again, the hope is for those things to step up, call it another point over the next, call it, 2 quarters. So they're building, like I mentioned, in the beyond fuel. We're still chasing the first 50,000 clients here. We're up to just under 7,000. We're going to turn our attention to the other 50 as we start to move through the second half. So stay tuned. Hopefully, more, same on the beyond tolls, same on the beyond lodging. So it's definitely picking up. I tried to give a few stats of that progress. But clearly, as those bases keep getting bigger, it should contribute more. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, it might be. We like that space, because again, it's another employee payment product. We're not in payroll processing a la ADP, and there's a number of kind of independent assets given all this consolidation. So a lot of us has been keyed a bit into that. There may be some assets that could get loose here.  But we like it. I mean this one we pulled the trigger on, we liked it because it's really 100% SMB, which we like, Tien-Tsin. And it's got a sales model to work with processors, payroll processors. So we like the idea of building that payroll card business more in the SMB space than in the mid or large. So we just liked it a lot, and we could afford it really because of the synergies that we could bring being in the business. So it's a nice little add-on that helps us head in a direction that we like. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Jim, it's Ron, just to add to it. So when we use the term beyond fuel, I think we mentioned before that there's different use cases that we kind of stick under that umbrella. So for example, we call internally the companion card, when we go back to fuel card clients we already have and try to add a card, right, that would let them buy AP. We have a different thing when we try to go to like a construction vertical and sell a twofer product, one that buys fuel and construction supplies. And we even have a third use case when we go out to trucking clients and have the trucking company put the payroll of the driver literally on the card and then use it as debit card. So every one of those use cases creates incremental spend by the client, incremental utility for the client, obviously, incremental revenue. And so the lift-off amount, the 40% I referenced in the last call, they vary, if you will, by those applications. So the companion card probably is in the 25% range, the construction card is probably 50% or 60%, and the payroll card probably in that 40% range. So it varies basically by use case. But the message I think we're trying to leave everybody with is it's working, right? We're adding clients. We're keeping clients. Each one of the use cases is building. And so to Eric's point, there's a lot of comparison to the prior period. But I think the headline is that this idea is now working. And it's growing, and it's actually adding, like we're saying, a couple of points to growth. And my comment was as you get into, call it, Q1 of next year, we should think about it going up another point. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean I think they're all working. Our own direct business, we're getting much better I think on the marketing side. So we're teeing up more softball, more leagues. So that's one of the reasons our direct business is growing.  I think our channel partners, some of the ones that you guys know that are private are really doing super. They're investing lots of money in their respective channels. So we're getting the benefit of their growth. Same thing in our FX business. We doubled down on the sales investment and went after larger accounts. So we're seeing that now in our sales numbers that even if the account -- the new account count is the same, the dollars per account are way up. So I'd say that the corporate pay selling machine is working almost across the board. And in this model that we have of working with ERPs, which is part of the whole Nvoicepay pay idea there, their core business, levers the old ADP accounting stuff, car dealers and a couple of big construction packages. And so this idea of working with ERP partners in an integrated fashion to serve our joint clients is working quite well. So it's literally, Jim, across the board, the selling is working there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So I would say, Bob, don't presume that the version from dilutive to accretive is based on flipping sales or marketing or even IT investments. It's not. We're actually spending more as we move into the second half. It's simple, [ lay down ] synergies around contracts, for example, that they have and merchant acceleration. We can take our 500,000 or 600,000 merchants and get their card penetration up. It's easy low-hanging fruit money that we're grabbing more than it is that we're trying to govern or dial back on the investment. So that's point one. Point two is, [ yes ], really of all the areas, I mean, the TAM and try to monetize this payable turning AP, which is again half of the business spend, into something that's cardable or we can get it per tran fee if it's ACH or something. It's -- you know this. The opportunity is massive. So you shouldn't read any comments about accretion into what's not understanding that or us not investing a lot in that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Again, when we tried to comment on our pipeline, there's a number of dimensions, right? There's the size of the deal. There's the timing. Are they now or later? There's the categories that we're in. So we're trying to just provide a little bit of flavor around the near-in things, things where we sign term sheets to where we're way along or far along in them. So my comment on the pipeline is we have 3, what I would call, closed-in things that will either kind of close in the next 90 days probably or not that are in the tuck-in kind of size, hundreds of millions of dollars, not $1 billion, not $50 million.  And then as always, we have some larger transformational things that we're exploring that are not as near in. So the headline is we've done a couple, like 3, Eric, I guess, year-to-date, kind of 3. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I would think you should think that probably 1 or 2 more of those kind of things would happen in the second half. And as you know, given our leverage ratio and enhanced liquidity, we're obviously in a good spot to go after something larger. So we're getting to a place we've had time to focus on the knitting and the basic business, and we're in a game that tries to buy businesses and improve them. So you should expect that we're continuing to try to do that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, it's Ron. I think you're thinking about it the right way. So the press that we've had on this idea is, hey, we've got this 5 million users and parking and fueling and drive-thru are obviously merchants that are pretty interested in our customer base.  And so I think of it as this first 3 years that we've owned the thing has been fundamentally piloting. We've added whatever I mentioned, a couple thousand incremental locations of parking, fueling and McDonald's. And not shockingly, there's more people lined up in every one of those categories. So in parking, we signed up the next biggest parking operator and I think we've added 3 or 4 more. And in fueling, we've added [ Carrefour ]. And in drive-thru, we've got 2 more things that are teed up that have decent kind of drive-through footprints. We've even signed a thing, which we haven't announced, but we've signed with Nissan where we're going to factory install the stickers in all their new vehicles. And as soon as we sign that and start to talk about it, we now have other manufacturers there reaching out on the same idea. So I think this proof of concept, when you can relay what's happening in a gas station or at a McDonald's to the next set of drive-thru people is the key to get nothing built. So we're trying to give you the message that it's really early, but it is -- again, it's working and we expect to keep rolling the thing out. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think we said this from the beginning that we want to get merchants digital. And so when we sign up a business and they've got 1,000 merchants to pay, and we realize that only 200 of those are cardable, let's say, on the MasterCard network, we scratch our heads a bit and say, okay, what could we do to digitize some of the other 800?  So this idea of what we call internally ACH-plus or creating some rails that provide some incremental data to merchants and maybe some earlier funding and stuff to merchants is something that we're exploring. We've built a bit of a network. And I think what we said is it's a land grab, Ramsey, now. So we're mostly focused on signing up clients and getting the first 200 merchants cardable. But you should think about us over time and particularly with the Nvoicepay going back and trying to digitize with our own network more of those merchants that are really unserved by Visa or MasterCard. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Oscar, it's Ron. So on the first part of the question, it's no. So generally, we simply toggle open the cards. So we have parameters, control parameters on the card programs. So if you're a boss and you want us to open up 5 of your 10 employee cards to buy construction supplies, we can flip a switch and open up 5 of them and keep the other 5 locked down. Or b, we can give you a new card for your AP head to use to put AP purchases and leave the same 10 cards that are out in the field.  So the answer is we tend not to replace the cards. We either "open them up" or add new cards. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's, I think, the comment earlier. The different use cases we have. We're picking up anywhere from 25% to 50% incremental spend with the account as they buy or put payroll on and put construction supplies and put AP. So the total amount of business that we're doing with the client is growing in the 25% to 50% range. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean I think it's a really good question. So let me give kind of a 2-part answer to this. The first one is, if anything, the guidance that Eric gave for the second half anticipates a faster profit growth. So if you look at our first half print, I think our cash EPS print was 9, and I think our macro adjusted print, [ profit ] print was 13. We expect in the guidance that Eric gave you, $11.68, both of those numbers to go up. I think our print output is 13%, which is a step-up in our macro-neutral cash EPS growth of 17.  So the first headline is that sitting inside the guidance we gave you, there's an implied acceleration in our profits and our margins. That's point one. Point two, would we spend more if we thought we could sell more? The answer is yes, we would inside of a couple constraints: one, try and deliver some profit growth; and number two, the practicality of how we could spend the money and how productive the incremental money can be. We're not interested in just spending money, and obviously not producing anything. And so some forms of our marketing investment you can push a button on like search words and e-mails and things like that and then other ones that are people-intensive like telesales or field take longer to build. You can't just hire 100 brand-new people in a quarter. So I think the answer is it still will probably be somewhere in between. Every year, we step up our sales and marketing investment. We stepped it up faster in corporate pay. And to the extent that we can get this AP thing going better, I think we'll continue to step it up. But again, we won't go overboard, I guess, is my message. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Ryan, it's Ron. I'd just add to what Eric said. And I'd say if you said, hey, in Q2, it's probably less than 1%, and the reason again simplistically is the company there has really 100% of all the toll locations, been around, whatever, 15, 20 years. It covers every -- primarily every tollbooth in the land, and yet we don't have every parking, obviously every gas station or every drive-thru. We have tiny percentage of gas stations and drive-thrus. So I think the question earlier today is the right way to think about it, which is this is almost a pilot period where we're showing that these other networks can matter and can get used and are liked by the clients. And as those build and we get larger percentages of drive-thru restaurants and gas stations, that, that growth rate will have -- will become obviously way more material. So I'd say this thing will be a bit slower build because we've got to kind of build the network whereas in beyond fuel we have the MasterCard network, right, it can go up a bit faster because the network's already there. We just have to get clients to spend on it. This one is we're actually a network builder, which I hope everyone gets, is a super sustainable thing once you get it up. And it creates a great barrier to other people trying to kind of copy us. Hey, I have your dad's toll company now. I'm glad you have that built because we built that plus these 5 things.  And so that's the game. We're in a race to build a way more interesting network to these mobility people. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Well, that thing grew like a weed. I mean the problem is it's small, right? So against the other 2 businesses you talked about, it's tiny. But on the front end, I think it grew 50% or 100%. So it's as a standalone business, and obviously, we've got way more selling capability to help it. So that thing is growing both top and bottom quickly. It was already growing quickly, by the way, before we bought it, but it's growing faster now. But I'd say most of the headline numbers we're quoting you are coming from the 2 core things that you called out just because they're bigger. 
Ronald F. Clarke: No. Some of it is. It is both. Again, I think we told you that there's some things we've done like on the merchant side and some things we've done with our ERP people and the sales rates. So we put a number of things in already.  The thing has moved from, like I said, the minus 3 to flat to plus 2 over the course of sequential quarter. So it's moving quite nicely top and bottom. It's just not driving the overall 26% number that we quoted. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a great question, Peter, yes. Inside of our sales results, which were up 18%, we had another record global digital contribution. I think digital has now, in the U.S., surpassed 40%. I think it's 42% to 44% of all our new sales in the U.S. are coming digital. And then b, we started to crunch the digital thing into seamless applications that the whole process becomes digital. So I'd say that we're still early in it, but between enabling digital outreach and then digital applications as well as the science around the landing pages or the click-through, I think that our sophistication in B2B digital is up dramatically over the last 2, 3 years. And I'd say there's still way -- to your question, way more room to go.  And I think we're still trying to sort how we can invest more in that because unlike the people thing, you can step on that faster and still keep it productive. So getting better, more sophisticated. It's producing more, but I think there's still more runway there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It's for sure soft. I'd say we saw some of it in Q1. I'd say we saw more of it here in Q2 and partly because we have the beyond fuel initiative, what we call OnRoad initiative there. It helped our revenue growth in that segment. But I think the underlying same-store sales in our trucking business has actually gone negative.  I quoted 1% same-store negative globally for our business or call it a push, call it a 0. If you take out our gift card business inside of that, I think our trucking was, call it, minus 1 or minus 2. So we're seeing really the same kind of softness that the industry is. 
