Eric R. Dey: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now, everyone should have access to our third quarter press release. It can also be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and EBITDA. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may be calculated differently than other companies’ similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today’s press release and on our website, as previously described. Also, we are providing 2013 guidance on a non-GAAP basis. Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2013 guidance, new products and fee initiatives and potential business development and acquisitions. They are not guarantees of future performance and, therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today’s press release and Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Others are discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website as previously described and at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, clearly, some of those -- I mean, the deal-related costs are going to spin out and eventually, we're going to lap the accounting adjustment we had to make in the Epyx deal because of deferred revenue issue, and that will fall off kind of as we get into the third quarter next year. 
Eric R. Dey: Phil, we don't disclose specifics around each of the deals, Phil. I mean, as you can imagine, it's very sensitive information as we're a very acquisitive company. And disclosing that information certainly is not helpful when we have conversations with other people. So we really don't disclose specific metrics around each deal. But you could probably assume that from a purchase price perspective, I mean, the multiples would be in line with what we paid in other transactions for the most part. 
Eric R. Dey: Hey, Phil. We still have pretty substantial liquidity. After giving effect of the deals we close in October, we probably have in the neighborhood of a couple of hundred million on the revolver and, obviously, we've got a fairly significant amount of cash around the world as well. And in addition to that, we also have the ability to draw an accordion feature that we have on our existing term facility. So from our perspective, I think we're in pretty good shape. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, Smitti. The organic growth in North America -- oh, I'm sorry -- is mostly -- it's all organic in the U.S. effectively with the exception of the small Telenav acquisition, so it's just north of 10% in the U.S. And similarly, the international organic growth is in that kind of 10%, 11% kind of range as well when you factor out the acquisition. 
Eric R. Dey: Hey, Tim. This is Eric. It's really nothing specific around that sequential drop. Effectively, if you look back at the last couple of years, Q2 in 2012 and Q2 in 2013 were both very good spread quarters versus the third quarter of last year and this year. So effectively, it's just that. So there's no real issue to it. [indiscernible] just kind of dropping between the quarters. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Phil, still busy, Phil. We've got a few small deals on the M&A side, and we've got a couple of, I'd say, material deals still in front of us on the partner side. So I'd say we continue to screen stuff. 
Ronald F. Clarke: And we generate $400 million a year free cash flow. So I'd say, Phil, if you think out 6 months, those 3 or 4 things Eric named would give us all of the money we would certainly need next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I would say the answer is we have that financial target of kind of $300 million to $400 million in terms of task in our deal team. But as you can imagine, deals are bumpy and so we did do a lot. But I would say it's still a good target to think about next year and the following in that same kind of $300 million to $400 million range. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I'd say our first priority is not necessarily to "scale it up." As I mentioned, in my opening remarks, the job 1 there is to prove or disprove whether we can sell that product line to our clients in a more effective way. So I'd say we'll spend probably the first 6 months proving that out. And if it's successful, if our clients want this set of services, which we think they will, then we'll step on the gas at that point. 
Ronald F. Clarke: We haven't, although they've got a -- the SI in this case, a company called CGI, it's got a number of markets kind of queued up. So from our perspective, our app is kind of ready to go into a bunch more and we're just waiting for them to give the go-ahead. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I'd say the first thing, Adam, that you said. I think our thesis on these was twofold. One, that we could dramatically improve profit performance, which we believe we can. And then two, that they're big cross-selling opportunities because both of them share the same client base as ours. So that was the 1-2 punch. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a really good question. The short answer is they're quite different. So this NexTraq deal, today's deal is what I'll call a traditional, kind of gidget-based, vehicle-based solution, kind of the traditional solution, that we look like a lot of other people in the marketplace with that solution. And the Telenav deal, which we announced in the spring, is really a handset, a phone-based solution where, again, our idea there is to create a FleetCor app that we could basically give to all of our clients and their drivers on their phone, basically not going into their gidgets. And so, they're pretty different in terms of what our objectives are, Adam, with the 2 businesses. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David. It's Ron. Still no big contribution in this quarter from that. I think it's still a bit in the kitchen, that product. So Q3 was a repeat really of Q2. This CheckINN Direct, what we call our product for kind of small, midsized accounts was just, again, just selling out. We just sold a ton of that product again. So the growth in that business is taking this product that was originally designed for very, very large accounts and dialing it down to fit the needs of a 10-person company, and that's who's buying it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, another good question. So I'd say that although we don't provide them, the volume dynamics looked similar this quarter to prior quarters, so the thing is still growing well volume-wise. We had a little bit of a rate hiccup, kind of fuel prices went south. And we took the gas off to get some more volume on some of the rate things. So I'd say that the volume grew faster historically than the rate here. And we actually just had a budget review this afternoon. We're going to keep investing more money, call it another 20% increment in 2014, to keep that line of business growing. So, again, there's almost unlimited demand geographically for the size accounts that we're going after. So it's really just a function of our sales investment. 
Ronald F. Clarke: It's live. It went live -- what are we now? The end of October? I think kind of the middle of September, David. They're boarding their first few clients. They're selling predominantly targeting larger clients on that product. They've done some kind of marketing launch. Their salespeople are basically in the market. They've built a pipeline. And we're literally putting the first few clients on that product as we speak. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, again, on the partner side, my comment is we've got a couple of what I would call material partner things and another handful of kind of processing-related opportunities. All international, every one of these opportunities is international. I would say you'll probably hear back from us before we break for the holidays. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Hey, Tim. It's Ron. I'd say it's marginally better, I guess would be my comment. It's not going backward anywhere now. It's obviously not "roaring." I'd say it obviously varies by market, but I'd say, it's kind of from flat to kind of low single-digits. We might get a couple of points of same-store growth now in a couple of markets. But our core tran growth, volume growth metric is still adding more clients, right, than we lose, adding more transactions basically than we lose is still the key to our volume growth. And although we didn't comment on it, we had a record quarter of what we call sales, which are new clients that we board in the quarter. The U.S. was up, I think I have it in front of me, 20% to 25%. Our Russia business was up 25%. Our CLC business was up like 40%. So we've had a great, really a great sales quarter and a great sales year, which although we don't talk about it because it's not in your guys' models is, again, I think a leading indicator of the health, that the core health of the company -- it says that the marketplace likes our products. So I'd say that that's what's driving most of our growth is new adds versus same store. 
