Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, I don't think we know. We've called this wrong so many times, I kind of used to go out on a limb with you. But look, every one of these incremental, I think, helps, right? Maybe builds more confidence for other people to take the leap. And yes, there are smaller guys wading into the RFP stage now. So I'd like to sound even more hopeful, but given our past, I'm trying to be a little bit cautious. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, so you're reading it right. It's a 2-part deal; one is an exclusive acceptance deal for our kind of commercial cards, which should be quite helpful to us, right, because of their pricing; and the other one is really a competitive win. This is what we would call their light vehicle segment. Think of people driving around to their stores doing servicing versus the big trucks doing delivery. So it's about, oh, I think, it's just around 4,000 employees or vehicles. And it's 1 million-ish plus kind of contract, I'd say, in that ballpark. 
Ronald F. Clarke: It's Ron again. So the first thing I'd say is it's kind of going like we called it. So we made an estimate back 3 months ago and it kind of stayed on that curve. So sequentially, it's basically flat, kind of over these few quarters, inching up a bit, we think, in this quarter. And again, it's about $15 million off of our plan in the second half. So I think the way you ought to think about it, it will be soft again in Q1 because this thing happened at the end of Q1 and then start to lap at -- when we get into the second quarter next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, we're -- I think that's a great question. We're more, as you guys know, about the model, but I do think we want a simpler company both to operate and communicate. So I'd say, evidenced by the deals that we've done this year, we're hunting a lot in those kind of 4 spend categories. But as you can imagine, there are 2 or 3 spend categories that look a lot like the 4 we're in, in terms of their structure. So I want to call out, hey, don't get shocked if we found our way into a fifth one. But with that said, I think you should assume the priority are these 4. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. The economics are -- looks -- it's kind of a lookalike to CLC. So if you think about both businesses, it's -- there's a street price for a room, let's say it's $100.  We have a buy rate based on volume, let's say $70 to pick a number, and we offer to the customer at $80. So the customer gets $20 off the lowest street price, we make $10 a [indiscernible] between the buy and the sell price. It's the same exact model for CLS. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, it's good for a couple of reasons. One is, we've been studying other segments, things that we're not in like the airlines, distressed segment is an example, the insurance segment is a segment. And then this one, which, internally we kind of call it the project segment, long stay segment. People -- 10 guys on a consulting trip that go for 15 days, so they buy whatever, 80, 90 rooms. So this company was kind of targeting that area and has a distribution model and a reference base to go get that. So that gets us into a market segment that we haven't been in, in a big way. But the great news is it uses almost an identical hotel supply side network. And obviously, we've got 10x, if you will, the volume in our network. And so we'll pick up obviously a lot of synergies there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: It did. I think, I try to say things that come true to you guys. So I think we said, hey, we're hoping to get to 20% at STP this year as we're exiting the year. And we got there a bit sooner. So we did print 20% for the quarter. We're outlooking about the same, 20%, for this quarter that we're sitting in. And yes, I'd say this quarter, we will be fully implemented with whatever pricing we're going to put in, we'll be in before we break for the holiday. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think it's M&A side of the research that we did. So as we start to go down market, going into a smaller AP shop and pitching the virtual card as a new concept, it's just a bit more difficult for people to follow hey, which vendors will take it? What percent of the payments is it? What do I do with the rest of the stuff? And so there's been other people in the marketplace that have done this full AP outsourcing, a private company, in fact, it's a partner of ours called [ Avid ]. So we went into test 6 months ago, I guess, back in the spring to sign-up the first kind of 20 or 25 accounts. And what I'd say is, it's got a different appeal, which is really about simplicity for the account more than it is about economics or anything else. And so I think the answer is that we think it will be quite additive, that we'll be able to take that thing, target a bit smaller set of prospects for that and obviously grab more the value chain as well. Obviously, there's more dollars grabbing a bigger piece of the AP. So I'd say that it's just an extension of what we're doing but will be probably pretty additive. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So on the gift front, again, that business gets revenue from both processing and some margin on cards -- custom cards for custom accounts. And so it's bumpy. And so based on kind of shipping, it could have a really strong Q2 versus prior year and then a weak Q3 or vice versa. So it's a business that doesn't analyze well by quarter. It analyzes way more clearly by year. And so by year, it's going to be the same. This year, last year, kind of the low single-digit grower, 2%, 3%, 4% when all the dust settles for the year. And that's not different than it's kind of been since we bought it or different than what we planned. And yes, I know there's an old adage with the World Series on, 3 strikes and you're out, but we -- we're actually exploring yet a third idea. Our first idea was to look at selling the business if we get the right price, but we didn't like that with that tax leakage. Our second idea was to do this thing with First Data, and the antitrust didn't like it as well. And now we have a third idea that we're kind of excited about that we hope to report back on. So that's what we're doing. We're exploring a third alternative for that and should have some news the next time we talk. On organic, yes, we logged 8%. I think I mentioned in the opening that about a point of that was related to the losses from the MasterCard thing earlier in the year, so it would have been 9%. So kind of around the goal, the range that we had. I'd say, we're in the middle of our '18 budget now. So for me to give you something other than our aspiration of trying to be in the 8% to 12% kind of range is still what we're trying to do. And given that we got pretty stable on client retention for a few years, it’s really about the sales engine, which was good this quarter. So I'd say, again, we'll be specific when we talk to you the next time. But I think it's -- our aspiration is really the same. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I had a little trouble with the beginning of the question. Can you just resay? You're not close to phone. Just say it again. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Sure. Sure, I got it. So it's Ron again. So yes, I did mention that the CLC thing was up. Our Corporate Payments business, the base was super healthy other than the health care segments that we're in, direct segment, a reseller segment, a construction segment, those things were super high single-digit; healthy; crazy. But the 2 markets that have been crummy are Russia and Brazil, strengthened dramatically, both of them in the quarter. Both on the positive, the Brazil legacy business, without STP, was up 3%, 4%. And the Russia business was way up; and our Mexico business were way up. So 3 of the international markets that had been soft and kind of bringing the consolidated number down were all in the positive. Our Comdata big account business was super healthy, too. It was 2% or 3% positive. So lots of stuff kind of around flat, and then those 4, 5 that I called out, pretty positive. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Which MasterCard product? I think, I said at the opening that the converted portfolio was actually down, it was actually backwards. We actually had less revenue in Q3 of this year -- I think Q3 of last year because we lost, I think, I told you, 1/4 or 1/3 of that book of business. The rest of the portfolio of MasterCard on the print was up 16% in the quarter. So it's a tale of 2 cities. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We owned -- I don't have it in front of me. We've owned Cambridge for whatever, half the period. I have the full year. I think we're looking at 15% to 16% on a pro forma basis in the local currencies for this year for calendar '17. And again, I don't have it in front of me, but based on the thesis, the business case to buy the thing, similar, kind of somewhere in the 15% to 17% range, I think, was our outlook for '18 for that business. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Jim, it's Ron. Yes, that's a good question. Yes is the answer. We have, I think -- what are we now? November? Sometime in October, early October, we began to resell on the same platform, right, [indiscernible] came across. So we want to make sure that the thing was not only stable but working well, so the salespeople that put new clients on it were going to have a good experience. So we can confirm that we're now back to onboarding new business finally. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We actually literally had a call, a review yesterday on this subject and we barely have formalized it and they've already made some deals. So it was a quite fun call for me to hear that our thesis has taken shape before we've even officially launched the thing. But the plan there is -- the initial focus is going to be that the Comdata virtual card going to Cambridge. And the reason is 100% of Cambridge clients have domestic AP. So every single client's a target. So what they've done is we've taken the Cambridge U.S. base, prioritized it, took, I don't know, 400 or 500, we think, of the best targets in terms of verticals and stuff and in the process of dedicating 4 or 5 people from our virtual card business to buddy up with the Cambridge people that have those relationships and press ahead and see what kind of reception we get as we get introduced. So that thing is formally, literally just getting lift-off today. But informally, they've already made some deals or a couple of deals in the legal vertical already where our people had gone in with the Cambridge legal account team and made a couple of sales. So it's super early days, but we're pretty optimistic about it. The other way, the reciprocal side, Jim, we're going to hold the horses on. There's less opportunity obviously going the other way because less of the Comdata base clients will have international payments to make via smaller -- much smaller percent. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, is the second part of the question. There were 2. I hope I didn't say there were 2 in Europe. I said there were 2 that are active. One of them was in Europe, which we announced today. And the second one is somewhere else and it is active and we've been told it's a Q1 decision. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Oscar, it's Ron again. So again, I'd say it's pretty early days. We've tested it specifically against the construction industry, which is about 1/4 of our U.S. client base. And so we went out again starting in the beginning of this year with an offer to provide both a fuel card and a construction supplies card in one, and that's all you can buy on it. And we built about an $8 million run rate business in revenue from that initiative. It's about 50-50. About half of the spend in revenue is fuel and the other half are other supplies. So I'd say that our idea is obviously much, much broader than that. It's to look at lots of verticals and both small and large clients and figure out what adjacent spend, which would be interesting for them to put on this "one account" with us, particularly spend. It's the same employees, right, that are using our cards. So we're working through those various kinds of positionings and importantly credit dynamics to figure that out. But look, it's a whopper number, right? Fuel represents, if you carve out the trucking business, a small portion of our client spend generally. There's way more business spend in travel and purchasing and other kinds of areas. And so, I think it’s just a function of how wide and how much adjacent spend we can get, but it's a really significant upside if we can interest our clients in using our card for that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: When you say on the first part, are you talking about the acceptance where Walmart would accept our commercial cards? Or you're saying on... 
Ronald F. Clarke: Okay. Yes. So I guess a good way to think about that is, yes, we've obviously reached a deal, a merchant discount deal with Walmart at their locations. I think, the reason it can work is that their pricing tends to be quite competitive, quite attractive. And so we think that, one, we'll get some incremental lift from accounts that we have. And two, maybe we'll sign up some accounts in the regions where they've got good position. So in the modeling that we've done, despite maybe having a bit narrower deal with them and some other merchants, we think it'll generate incremental economics for us. 
