Ronald F. Clarke: Sanjay, it's Ron. Let me just add the -- remember the volume growth in the verticals I called out were around 20% to kind of the spend growth. So the other couple pieces in there is healthcare again, which goes the other way, which will tick us back a bit next year and probably a little bit less price. So if you said the numbers are well into the 20s this year, I'd say our number ends up where Eric said, probably 15-ish for 2019. 
Ronald F. Clarke: And, Sanjay, on the deal question, I've got it in front of me. So I think like we normally report, it's a mix. We've got 2 or 3 decent-sized deals, call it $400 million or $500 million-plus and then a handful, 3 or 4 kind of tuck-in deals, call it $100 million to $300 million. So those would be the 5 or 6 things I'm looking at that are the closest in. And as I mentioned at -- in the opening, they're all basically inside of the 4 categories. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Tien-tsin, it's Ron. So again, the couple of things, the 3 big nonfuel were all way up. I think toll was 17; Lodging, 21, 28. So those obviously were high. And then the sequential thing is gift. I called out in my comment that "even gift" got into the positive column of plus 4 in the quarter. If you remember, it had a super bumpy, kind of crummy Q2, which brought our overall organic number down and then again, fuel at 5. So that's the mix that gets the 11. I think the sequential change, honestly, is the gift being low to being a bit into the plus column. And then continuing, obviously, super good growth in the 3 non-fuels. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, exactly. So I'd say I don't have all those numbers in front of me, but we have fuel again kind of recovering, call it 8% in Q4, mostly again because we're finally lapping and hope to never speak of this GFN thing again. So that will be out of the number. And then some moderation as we've gone by some of the price. What I said to Sanjay, about think about corporate pay and stuff coming from kind of 25-ish down into the mid- to high-teens. So we'll see some of those numbers come back a bit in the 3 nonfuels. And I think we have kind of flattish to the prior year. So it's a little bit more of the same. It ticks down a couple because the other 3 won't be quite as high in Q4. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I can say clearly at the screen that I'm looking at, in 48 hours, our window opens. That would be my comment to you. So our window will be opening soon here. Yes, at this price, you should expect we'll be looking to buy back stock. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Darrin, it's Ron. So the story is, we have finally landed the plane on Chevron and reached an agreement, and I'd say that in our forecast, we anticipate keeping the majority of that, call it probably 80% or 85%, in the quarter. And then obviously rolling off as you get into Q1 next year. So that's point one. And then point two, yes, the step-up is really mostly the GFN grow-over is gone. And the rest of the businesses, I'm looking at the page, are kind of what I called out. We've got some set of super high-performing businesses like the 4 international. They're all double digit. The [ NAB ] business, which is double digit. Even our MasterCard business getting positive again in Q4. So I'd say that as we finally lap 2 things not growing very well, but the organic print, I'd say we're pretty comfortable at 8 because it doesn't require really a lot of delta sequentially in what we're doing. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So again, I'd say the toll outlook would be probably again midteens for 2019. And again, the drivers behind that would be the new sales channels. So again, most of our revenue is kind of tag-centric or active user-centric than -- more than it is transactions, so that number is growing. We expect it to grow a bit more next year. And then we have layered in a bit of incremental revenue next year in the plan for this Beyond Tolls set of things, primarily fuel but even a little bit, as we said, the fast food and even a tiny bit for the rental cars. So I think the plus or minus, call it 15 in tolls next year will be a function of the pace of this Beyond Toll network. So if we get out of the blocks faster and open it up sooner, we'll get some lift on the upside and if we get out of the blocks slower, open it up a bit slower, we'd see it maybe tick a bit down. So I think again, the headline for the call today with you guys is we like the prospect long term. We've gotten the partners to sign up. We've done the testing, like the McDonald's thing. They're over the moon from the tests and signed a contract with us to go to all 400 drive-through locations in the country between this quarter and next year. And so -- and same in the fuel. We have Petrobras beating the door down to sign the thing, so I think that the juicy 5 million users that are already kind of ready to go and show up at new parking lots and new fuel stations and new drive-throughs, I think it's a timing question more than a we will get the money question. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ashish, it's Ron. I think that is the $1-million question. I guess what I'd say is that the opportunity that it opens up, right, in each of the businesses, if you think about in fuel, the fact that the nonfuel spend among our existing customers is to 2:1 over fuel spend and you look at tolls where fuel is 10x the size of toll in Brazil, and you look at the ASAP, the Avid partnership thing, that size market is 2x to 3x the midsized market that we're attacking. And so I think the main headline is that we're reengineering these things to open up way more opportunity inside of the 4 businesses that we're already in. And so I'm not trying to hedge it but I think it's just -- it's a pacing question. It's how fast we can get those networks up in each of those cases and how fast we can get the incremental distribution pipes filled. But conceptually, this stuff should be pretty incremental to what we're doing because it's targeting new segments and/or adding more spend on the customers that we've already got. So I'd say stay tuned, as we roll and we'll give you a clearer view of the breadcrumbs, but we think [ in this ] case there was some consternation of getting the thing done so we did hold on to the thing, really call it for the full year. And so the good news, if there is any, is we can obviously deploy the $160 million to either buy back stock or buy earnings to replace it. And I think the second, there's a pony in every experience, is the growth rate is helpful. So even prior to that RFP going in a different direction, that private label is not a grower. And so in some ways as we lap this thing, as we leave next year, it actually will be helpful to growth. So if you look at the piece of paper for even this year, Chevron is declining for full year 2018 to '17. So the short answer is, we'll use the capital to replace some of the earnings. We'll have a growth lift on the other side and we'll likely work on our sales plans, maybe spend a bit more money to try to sell a bit more in 2019. We finally have gotten on the other side of the hiccup, so I think we're in a place to invest. We just opened a new telesales center, for example, in Phoenix that I'm looking to pour more money into, and we've got some digital investments that we can make. So it's likely, Ashish, that we'll spend more to sell more next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David, it's Ron. I mean, again, it's kind of a point tick up sequentially, and I'd say the 2 main drivers of it are, one, improvement in the MasterCard file. So as we leave the compares against the conversion snafu, those retention numbers in MasterCard are getting better. And then second, I would say, is mix. So as our corporate pay and STP businesses grow and they're growing faster, they have higher retention levels innately than the fuel card business because again, they target larger accounts generally. So those would be the 2 drivers. It would be better MasterCard retention and improved mix to higher retention businesses. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, it's a good question. So the good news is, there are, I believe, 2 toll roads. One, I think, is actually going up, going live this quarter that we're in and one next year. This rolls back to, I don't know, 3 or 4 years ago that those were bid on and approved, and I think there's finally one is live and one will be live. I think that's worth kind of 2% to 3% incremental toll revenue in the country of which will capture our RFPs. And then I'd say who knows? It seems like the guy that was elected is pro-business and maybe pro-privatization. As so certainly, pushing more toll roads as a way to obviously to generate income and keep taxes down would be an attractive thing to do. So I know that there's a bunch of bids that were sitting in a backlog, were kind of stuck, of roads that they were going to put tolls on. So I don't know, but I think the election, if anything, would be a plus to that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Jim, I wouldn't comment specifically on the exact deals in our pipeline. But obviously, any businesses that nest around our 4 product lines in our ecosystem are things or companies we know and obviously that we look at. So I'd say at the high level, look, the core business that we're on, kind of company size, $100 million to $300 million is, right. We're selling a ton. The thing is growing. The spend is growing 20%-plus, if you kick out the healthcare, which is shrinking. And so to Eric's point, we've already in the sense made that plan for next year because we made the sales. We just have to get it implemented next year. So we like the core business as it sets up. I think the big, big opportunity that some others have demonstrated is this downmarket full AP thing that we've been working on and modeling and finally launched that in our mind, it's just totally incremental to what we're doing because it targets accounts literally $50 million to $100 million or $50 million to $150 million in revenue where we take the entire AP file and do some different things for them. So I think as we get that thing lifted off, certainly we would look to acquire businesses that are in that space, but that would be the primary thing. We're going to keep getting behind the midsized accounts that we're on and we're going to find a way, either internally or through deals, to build a bigger position in the small market. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Again, it's a tough metric, Jim, for us to forecast because the number we provide is a composite of lots of businesses and lots of geographies in lots of categories. So I'd say that the 1%, I think we reported, Eric, 2% in the prior quarter, is really a loss of an account in SBS, JC Penney, which was not super healthy. So like always, we've got a mix of superstrong high-base growers like corporate pay, lodging and SNB is way up because of that digital tool. Australia was crazy high. Russia was high. STP, actually the business accounts, the non-trucking accounts were high. So we don't really see anything in the Q3 same-store that would indicate kind of any type of slowdown structurally, like in any vertical or any particular geography. So again, our -- the only thing that we saw was again, this one account in the gift card business that nicked it a little bit. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Oscar. I think you're right. So as you think about the obviously parking and fuel and even the McDonald's thing today, obviously one thing is just the convenience, to your point, of speed and security that people don't have to roll down their windows, there's cost reduction for parking, things, right, in not having 2 lanes but having one where one is automated, like you see on the toll and security in the case of fuel, where particularly females are fueling. They have a tendency in Brazil so not having to put the window down but just pulling up and having the thing automatically refueled. And I think another one I'd add is the McDonald's guy said that it also showcases them as innovative in payments. So like a lot of the fueling guys are trying to do mobile things or have your car, turn the pump on. And so, I think to get out in front as McDonald's and show,  hey, we're innovative. We've got the easiest ways to pay versus other fast food guys, would be another thing that the partners say. So I think they like it and then, they obviously love the fact that we've got 5 million users basically that we can help to direct and communicate with, right, and talk to. So those would be, I guess, the major benefits the partners see. And I think you're right, the evidence that they like those benefits is they're signing contracts with us. And the biggest ones, the biggest parking guy. We have 2 of the 3 biggest fuel guys. We have the biggest fast food guy by a factor of whatever, 5. So we're talking to the largest rental car company. So we're talking to the very biggest partners and signing the very biggest partners that they've got. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, I think the math, you guys are good at math. So I think the differential in the growth rates, at least that we're outlining this year and the last couple of years in some of these new categories, have enormous potential and those lines of business are growing faster. Obviously, it takes the nonfuel mix up, A. B, there's obviously a fair number of targets, acquisition targets, probably 3/4 of what we're looking at, I'm looking at this year is in nonfuels. I'd say it's probably pretty likely that we'll acquire things that are nonfuel. So the mix answer is, you look 3 years out, the 45% that we have is probably 40% or lower. But I would like to make one point on it, which is, we love -- I want to be super clear, we love that the fuel card business and we love it because it is incredibly protectable. And we have proprietary networks and their mass of barriers and the products are incredibly unique and it limits the number of people that can be in it. So it's just a different business model and structure than some of the other things. Maybe the markets aren't quite as big but they're plenty big. But the defensibility, in our mind, is super high in those fuel card businesses. So I don't want people to get -- hang up this call and go, oh, they only like the nonfuel businesses. We like the fuel business and we want to be in the fuel business and we'll keep buying businesses in the fuel business because it's a great business. And the profit margins are even better, Eric (sic) [ Oscar ], than our line average. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So the first one is what drove the growth here. You're correct, it was not much FEMA, virtually none. So all the growth really was 2 things. One, the small business selling way more than we're losing. We're selling, I think, 25% of the book and losing 10, so we're obviously adding way more business. And then two, what you mentioned, we're getting more business from the accounts that we previously had because they're taking more room nights with us. We think because of that tool, when we study the users of the booking tool versus the nonusers of the booking tool, that group's spend with us is growing faster. And then lastly, I think the big account business has gotten a bit healthier. We don't add many new accounts in the thing, but their room nights are up some and there was a while there a year ago where they were actually soft, so that thing's turned into the positive column. So I think those would be the 3. So no FEMA, more sales than we lose, more spend out of the people using the digital tool and a bit healthier big accounts. Yes, in terms of next year, do we like the prospects for that to be a midteens business? If you hack FEMA out, which we got a fair amount, particularly from the Houston thing, my guess is it would be probably high-teens and the FEMA would back it down into somewhere into the low- to the mid-teens. I mean, who knows if we'll have any FEMA in 2019? So we'd obviously plan 0. But it's an incredibly healthy business. And then the last thing you asked is the next extended network idea. We're going to bolt another 10,000 hotels onto our network in Q1. And so if you think we've got 15,000 now, when people run a search, we'll now basically put 40% more room nights up, and so we think we'll pick up incremental room nights from clients that are not finding the room choices that they want. And so we should see some lift as we head into Q2 and Q3. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I feel a little bit like a broken record on this. So we are -- I know with this World Series concluding, 3 strikes, you're out. But we do have a new idea or a new structure that we're pretty far along with, with a couple of people. So this was a different thing we've been working on. So I'd say I'm hoping that I won't say this but by the next time that we talk that we'll have either found an answer to this or we won't. This is kind of our last idea. And so if we talk again and we don't get this idea to work, then we're in there retaining it. But if it works, it's quite attractive. It's a structure and an approach that allows us to retain a lot of the earnings and get the revenue growth issue out, and so it's an attractive idea if we can get it executed. 
