Eric R. Dey: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.   By now, everyone should have access to our third quarter press release. It can be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section.   Throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share.  This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies' similarly titled non-GAAP information.  Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today's press release and on our website, as previously described.  Also, we are providing 2015 guidance on a non-GAAP basis.   Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This may include forward-looking statements about our 2015 guidance, new products and fee initiatives and expectations regarding business development and acquisitions.  They are not guarantees of future performance, and therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them. These results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect.  Some of those risks are mentioned in today's press release.  Others  are described in our annual report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website, as previously discussed, and at www.sec.gov.   With our  disclosures out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Jim, this is Eric. Well, first, the revenue per tran in the third quarter was actually down on a reported basis.  So I'm not exactly sure what you're looking for. If you exclude the impact of the macro environment and you exclude the acquisitions as an example last year, then revenue per tran was actually up. So the way we calculate it, again, excluding the macro and excluding Comdata,  revenue  per tran on a consolidated basis was around $3.41 compared to around $3.10 last year. So it was up. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. I mean, certainly, there's a lot of puts and takes, Phil. We certainly are getting impacted by places like Brazil. Transaction counts in Brazil were actually down, I don't know, around 10% approximately. But yet our revenue in Brazil was actually flat in local currency, kind of year-over-year. And we're seeing a similar story in Russia where  the economy is causing transactions to effectively step back a little bit. But we're  seeing a lesser impact when we look at the revenue from the business in a constant currency basis. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, Ashish. This is Eric. It's just more of  the same stuff. I mean, in all honesty, it really is  the MasterCard portfolio continues to perform well as we called out on the call growing around 30% organically on a constant fuel price basis. And CLC continues to do well, and we had some small partner wins prior year. We're seeing some more  revenue from those things as we get into this year. So it's just really a combination of all those things that just continued into the third quarter. So really, it was -- as Ron indicated, it was a pretty good quarter for us. 
Eric R. Dey: Ashish, we don't disclose that specifically. I mean, that's one of our businesses.  We got lots of businesses around the world, so we don't want to talk about individual businesses. 
Eric R. Dey: No, it's just more, again, business as usual. We are -- we do have Comdata this year. We didn't have Comdata last year. So again, all of those expenses, the increase in the expense is really related to owning that business this year versus last. With the exception of that, there really is no unusual item in the quarter versus last year other than the couple  million, again, that Ron called out, but those were in a number of different lines versus just one. 
Eric R. Dey: Tim,  this is Eric. I would say, if you look back and look at the United States back when we were in recession a number of years ago, I would say there's  a lot of similarities to what we're seeing in both Russia and Brazil. Their economies have kind of slowed down. They've got negative GDP growth and that is kind of impacted  transaction volumes really to a very similar degree to what we saw in the United States back in, like, 2008 and 2009. 
Eric R. Dey: Tien-tsin, this is Eric. Yes, I would say,  when you look at it at a consolidated basis, so you look at all of our products, our same-store sales are actually up a little bit, probably up  around 1%. But when you break it down specifically and look at some individual businesses,  like specifically, maybe, Fuelman, which is our small to midsize customer product, which is more geographically focused, you would see a little more kind of same-store sales impact in those markets, because that product is kind of centered more in Louisiana, Texas, Oklahoma. So you're seeing some impact there from kind of oil and gas, as an example, and maybe even some smaller trucking clients. But then when you shift over and look at businesses  like Comdata, Comdata same-store sales are actually up a little bit. So again, I think it kind of varies by product. But when you look at our business at a consolidated level, I'd say we're flat to up a little bit. 
Eric R. Dey: I would say we're pretty much where we had expected to be. So most of the cost savings and the revenue synergies that we thought we are going to obtain are kind of in the run rate, Tien-tsin. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ramsey, it's Ron. I'd say 2 things. One, we had $1 million or $2 million what we call kind of one-time, on-budget in expenses, deal-related things, bonus things,  things like that. And then two, we have a JV telematics and called Masternaut that  kind of performed worse for us. So I'd say  those are the 2 negatives basically underneath  revenue. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, we're still working on this other alternative  we mentioned in the last call. And I'd say, certainly by the time we talk next, we'll either  land that plane or not. I'd also say that the couple of interested buyers appear to continue to be interested. They continue to call. So I'd say our hope is to proceed on this basis  that we've been going, but I'd say we'd have a definitive answer next time around. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, it's Ron. Let me take the second one first. We did call out, I think, in the first quarter  report that an account had  dropped off.  We've gotten confirmation that, that account plans to come back, which is good news. I'd  say it's still not clear to us when exactly we'll start to book more revenue, but we have been advised that they plan to come back online. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I'd say that we would not run into WEX generally in terms of the health care segment that we're  focused on. Again, the Evolution1  really does very different things than our line of business. I would say that competitively, we're bidding against other treasury banks fundamentally in the health care segment that we're attacking. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So on the first one, I think I feel like we're replaying a tape, but the answer is there are a couple of oil partners in Europe that are actively looking, RFI-ing,  if you will, processing and/or outsourcing agreements. So although we say we're hopeful in terms of time, our guess is that at least one or the other will make some kind of a decision in 2016. So we are, as you can imagine, in the couple of processes and hopeful that they'll make some decision. On the deal side, we remain busy. We're  in a much better place than, let's say, 6 months ago, our -- got leverage penciled out  about 2.5x. 
Ronald F. Clarke: We've got some people in Comdata. We've done most of the integration work we want to do there. So we've got 3 or 4 things that are active that we are on now, one of which I'd say is pretty late innings. So I'm hopeful that we will provide some news to you guys shortly here. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I think both of those things that you said directionally are right, Jim. One, clearly, the per-tran grows  when you have a good spread quarter like we did in Q3; and your second comment is also  right that some of the price recovery things that we did earlier in the year have come kind of fruition. And so we're kind of getting all of the benefit or most of the benefit of those now as you run through Q3. So I'd say both of those statements are right. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Phil.  It's Ron. I'd say that we've just provided a Q4 forecast update, and sitting inside that it's an expectation that both of the big businesses, the trucking business and the corporate payments business, will be at that or above that. So that's kind of in this quarter's forecast. So I'd say that other than that little surprise we had back in Q1, I think our message is that things are going better outside of the health care slowdown that we had. I think it's tracking to what we thought. And sales were up. I think I mentioned in my opening that the Q3 corporate payments was literally an all-time record sales quarter, which doesn't  give us any revenue in the quarter they sell it because it's  4 to 6 months implementation.  But when you're selling in a lot, you're going to get revenue a different day. So I'd say that both in the trucking business, where we've added  50 people, and in corporate payments, where we've added a bunch, we're seeing the early signs of the sales stepping up, which is really bodes well for next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'm not sure we would have much to say in terms of whether our view of the WEX owning  it does something or doesn't do something to the business. I'd say that we know the business well, Phil. We diligence the business pretty hard when it  was being sold. And  we obviously had a chance to buy that business.  And not to gloat, but we think we bought the better business, which we did purposely. So I'd say we'd wait and see. We're kind of happy with,  again, how our trucking business is competing and growing now, and we'll, I guess, stay tuned  to what they might do that would be different. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Well, I mean, I just call out the growth rate, but I think we said when we introduced that product, whatever, 5 years ago, that finally our company got a product that can work in every geography and basically for every size account. And so it's taken us  a long time to build up the sales and distribution system to kind of chase that whole market. So I'd say that, yes, we've done an early look at our 2016 plans. And I'd say we are bullish again next year on the thing. So plenty of runway still. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So the first part, I'd frame it kind of 10% to 20%. So again, to be specific, if you went into, let's say, Germany, Shell transferred x number of accounts and y number of leaders to us and then have decided, "Hey, look, there's some other small accounts there that go cross-border. We might as well give those to FleetCor." So that'll add, call it, 10% or 20% kind of volume and revenue to the original  assignment. And I'd say on the second one, Shell is from the show-me state,  they're going to want to see us finish these other markets. I think Eric mentioned in his comments, our plan is  to put 2 more markets live to bringing the thing to 7 and then finishing that up in the first quarter. So they a, they want us to, I'm sure, complete, David, the initial assignment; b, show some progress in selling in these markets. And to the extent that we do those 2 things well, my sense is they would be inclined to do more with us. But I'd say it's probably into the middle of next year would be my guess. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd say that is proven not quite as slow and difficult as Europe outsourcing agreements. But the patchwork  of markets and the taxation, we've done a lot of rework in the kitchen, I'd say, on the product, trying to get the thing right. We have another launch, I think, towards the end of this month that we think finally has it right. And the same in sales. We have been trying to split the sales commitment we have to Shell versus this universal product and kind of tend to Shell first. So I'd say that we're progressing, but I'd say slower than we've hoped. I mean, with that said, I think you're an advocate  like we are, we still think that, just like the U.S., that, that product -- if we can get it dialed in right has just enormous potential because it would be a one-of-a-kind  fundamentally on that continent. There is no other control card that works everywhere that we are aware of. And so difficult kind of getting out of the test kitchen, but I'd say we remain incredibly excited about the thing over the midterm. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, it would be both. Again,  I think the commercial piece, the way we're doing it would be fundamentally protected,  but we have some other as normal ideas of how to get paid on that product. So I'd say the chase for us is customers, David. Our game is to figure out how to build a distribution pipe to sign up accounts, and we know how to make money. So I think the answer is we're chasing accounts first. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's actually a pretty good question. I'd say that a couple of things. One, I'd say that the business, as we gotten to  know it better, is actually a better business than I think we thought. We bought this business that's actually here in town in Atlanta. I think, I don't have it in  front of me, but I think the profits will be up about 4x this year versus the year we bought it. And I think I mentioned the  growth rate is double digit, and the early plan we have for next year is double digit. So the first comment is I think we like the -- at least the U.S. telematics business in category a bit more maybe than  we thought. And I'd say we're probably slightly less optimistic about the FleetCor benefit. So we've spent about a year trying to cross-sell and use our clients and salespeople, fuel card people, to try to boost telematics, and it's working. But I'd say, David, call it 1/3 or 1/2 of what we expected it could add. So it's obviously  still helping the business, but not helping it as much. So we actually had a review  this with the board, and I'd say our conclusion as is that we're in less of a rush now. We like the space a little more than maybe we thought, and it's working but not quite as much. So I'd say we're going to kind of hang in at least another year and get a sense of whether we like it a little or a lot. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Tim.  It's Ron. Let me maybe just add something to what Eric said. I mean, the economy, obviously,  the GDP in those 2 countries is not good. But we're remembering workforce payments. So if you take Brazil, a big part of our business there is food cards and a big part of our business is transporter,  commuter cards, which are tax-advantaged products for employees. And so not only does the economy shrink, there's less employment, but there's less formal employment. So remember, our products require employers to formally have the guy on the payroll to make these products work. And so our analysis is showing that not only are we kind of dropping in a bit with the general economy, but the formal employment thing is actually kind of heading back the other way as people, employers struggle. And  so the softness that Eric refers to in those 2 particular places is quite large in our lines of business. And we're selling a lot. I mean, the thing that's so weird about it is, we've created a bunch of new products, particularly in Brazil, and we're starting to sell  a decent amount of them, but the softness is  so great. We're barely getting back to where we started, and so that's the challenge there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, so let me, Tim, go to the first one first. I'd say not so much on are we doing a lot to the product. I'd say that Comdata had a very good corporate payments product when we bought the company, which is one of our motives. I'd say what we've done is a lot around the targeting, so who to sell it to, and a lot around the sales force investment and marketing investment to try to sell more. So I'd say that the success in the quarter is really around marketing and selling more than some big product enhancement. And around  the networks, I'd say, obviously, Visa has got a real interest even though we're with MasterCard, and MasterCard's incredibly helpful in pushing and providing leads and talking that up right as a way to get more card-based  payments. And so they've been a very, very good partner  to Comdata  in terms of helping us grow. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Tien-tsin, it's Ron. I think it probably has drifted up a bit with the cost of capital still. And so I'd say for us, we say this all the time, we really look at the year one plans for these deals, and we don't buy things that don't look  like a decent price to us kind of 1 year out. So that's really the benchmark. So I'd say to you that if we can't find a transaction where we like that multiple over the next 12 months,  we generally don't go ahead. So we've obviously looked  at some fair number of things since Comdata and have not pulled the trigger. But as I mentioned, we do have active  things and one of them is pretty late. So that's always the call of for as is whether the guy wants the team dime trailing, our question is just what it is forward. And if we like the year 1 in the mid-term forward rate, we buy the thing. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd add, Tien-tsin. The only add to Eric's is I'd say there is a little more room in the IT. I think we mentioned this when we did the transaction that there were some stuff we did at the close. There'd be some  stuff kind of along the way and the longer pole would be IT. So as we've started to look at our budgets for 2016, I'd say there's still probably a little bit of wind left in lower IT. 
