Ronald F. Clarke: Sure, David. It's Ron. Let me try this. So I think we said before and repeat today that we're outlooking in the 8% to 10% range for fuel cards for full year 2018, excluding GFN and Chevron. So in Q1, those numbers were 7 and 1, respectively. And for the full year, I'm just going to use the midpoint to keep it simple, it's probably something like 9 and 6. So kind of -- let me just use the midpoint of 9. So kind of full year, if you asked today what do we think, including the 7 from Q1, so it'll accelerate some, we'd say we expect to finish of the year kind of at 9% organic in fuel cards without GFN and Chevron. And obviously, that split varies by quarter. There's obviously a ton of GFN impact in Q1 because that was whole for us, if you will, last year. And then obviously, there'd be a much bigger impact in Chevron in Q4 as we basically have that exiting out of our forecast. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I think in my comments, we said think about that thing penciling out in the high teens. So I'd say that we took some actions in our payroll card business, which sits in corporate pay that added some incremental pricing and incremental growth, both in Q4 and Q1. But as I mentioned, obviously, in the direct business, in the construction business, it's fundamentally all volume growth. It's finally been implemented. So I think our numbers have that thing, again, high teens Q2 through 4 this year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, it's Ron. So I guess, a 2-part answer to that. So yes, 22% was the Q1. I think, again, we said think about that same kind of high teens. We think it will decelerate some as we get later into the year and it lapse the pricing that we put in place kind of in the fall last year. But on the second-part question, I think we said repeatedly the big idea there is to reposition STP from being a toll-dominant kind of toll company to being an RFID payment company. So today, it's, call it, 80%-ish toll revenue and then some parking and then some fuel. So the goal would be to obviously have parking. We've got a plan to double this year the number of parking installations from 500 to 1,000. We've also announced today a plan to dramatically increase the fueling -- the fuel-first footprint through the new Petrobras-BR agreement, who's the largest retailer in Brazil. And we're interestingly in conversations with a couple of the fast food people in Brazil in pilot to put the same technology in the drive-throughs. So the goal as you think kind of into next year and forward is to get a lot of incremental growth from that company in those parking, fuel and fast food segments. 
Ronald F. Clarke: 2.4x. And obviously, our liquidity for the refinancing last summer is up. So I'd say that balance sheet-wise, Ramsey, we feel obviously in a good place and also management-wise. We reported earlier that the 4 newest deals grew profits 39% in Q1. So it's obviously working what we've recently done. So I'd say look for both. Not in the immediate to say on the big front, but we're positioned in a place that if the opportunity comes, we'll take it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. They're not -- I'd call them kind of smallish, both of the things we're working on. So not -- I wouldn't say a material -- maybe a point or 2 kind of range if we were to close them. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We -- the reports sitting in front of us is not sorted by product, but I could just eyeball fuel just to give you an idea. The U.K. was up 47%; Russia was 191%; Western Europe, 166%; Australia, 155%; Brazil, 149%. So a bunch of our international, fuel was great. Our U.S. is still kind of mostly flat. Our trucking business was 123, up 23%. And so the softness is still from the GFN thing last year. It's taking time to kind of get our U.S. sales to recover fundamentally. So I'd say -- I don't know what the average of all those, but the U.S. direct business and partner business, not a lot of growth. All the international ones and the trucking one really super first quarter. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Oscar. It's Ron. So let me just say a couple things. So one, again, our reported number for the quarter for fuel was 7% if you carve out those 2 headwinds, and our forecast is 9% again for full year '18. I'll remind you that I think for the last however many years we reported these 3 years, it's been about 9%. So maybe decelerated in Q1, but for the year, we're kind of thinking 9%, 9%, 9%. That would be the first point. The second one would be the reason, hey, why are we sitting here then at 7%, Ron? Why are we waiting for the thing to accelerate? Why is it 9% in the first quarter? I'd say when we built the forecast, the 2 things that have it running below the 9% or 1% is sales recovery again from that GFN thing. We've re-podded people into service roles. We moved people around into other products that were working. So there's been a longer tail fundamentally in recovering the sales in those segments. We kind of reallocated resources to other areas. And then second, I'd say the GFN attrition rate has stayed a bit elevated. We expected that curve to come down more steeply towards normalized levels. And so I'd say that those would be the couple of things kind of holding the thing back a bit. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's also the million-dollar question for us, too. I'd say we don't know. It's hard to forecast the magnitude. What I would say and try to tease out a bit on my comments is it's working, kind of what we're doing is working. So the example of the trucking card, which is probably 90 or 120 days in clients' hands and the fact that the behavior of the cardholders has changed that dramatically, and that it's turned into fundamentally a doubling of monthly card revenue would be something I'd say to you, wow. As I roll that forward, what's the pace that we can get those clients adopted, and will the behaviors of the future cardholders look the same? So I'd say that we'll probably have a much better handle on answering that thing as we get later into the year and start to build plans for the following year. But I'd say the reception, both in our construction segment here, the thing we've called out before, BuilderPro, is still growing like a weed, and now, this trucking one. So what we can report is that we're getting evidence that this beyond fuel idea can work. And hopefully, we can size it better for you as we work through the year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: James, it's Ron. I, again, kind of mentioned in the opening that the 4 kind of positive pockets were lodging, so that was quite healthy. I think we had mentioned that the whale had recovered from a year-plus ago and the small account business there is quite healthy. So that was quite positive. Corporate pay is getting healthier because the health care portion is shrinking. No pun intended there. And so the balance of the thing is healthier, and so it's got a higher number. And then the 2 markets, Brazil and Russia, that were quite soft a year or 2 ago, those economies have gotten dramatically better. And particularly in the case of Russia, we've introduced a product a year ago that works almost everywhere, so we're grabbing just way more share of wallet -- of customer. So it's growing. So those would be the 4 that I think caused the rise of from, call it, 1% or 2% to 3%. And I'd say going forward, who knows? It's a macro call. I'd say if you made us guess, we would hope the thing would stay in the kind of plus 1% to 2% range. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So in the core Comdata Corporate Payments business, I'd say the primary work there is scale. So we've got a model that works. We're selling a ton. I think we reported we grew sales, I think, close to 50%, Eric, in the prior year. So the key, James, in that business for us has really just been scale. More of the same, more coverage, more territory people. And our plan is, again, to grow that thing, grow sales again another, I think, 15% to 20% this year. In terms of the cross-sell, it's still early. We signed some number of deals. I think we targeted 300-ish accounts from Cambridge, and I think I've had appointments with about 1/4 of them, call it, I don't know, 70, 75. And we've got some number of deals and probably half or more of those in the pipeline. So I think it's still early, but the reaction is positive. We're obviously getting the Cambridge clients to agree to meet and hear the pitch. And then on the Cambridge side, we're taking a step to create what we call an enterprise group. We've analyzed what percent of their whole business is of some kind of significant size, call it an enterprise-size account. And we've got, I don't know, a 12% or 15% position of that whole business. And so we're going to pour more senior people, particularly here in the U.S., into this enterprise segment and move away again from that smaller, old-fashioned dealer kind of model that the company had. So I'd say you'd continue to see not only growing sales. Their sales were up significantly, Eric, in Q1. Up 37%, James, in Q1 that you'd continue seeing us onboarding larger accounts. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Sanjay, it's Ron. Let me just add on that what would say it's super early days. We wanted to disclose that I got the call on Sunday that we became aware of the thing. So the first headline is it's really early. But the magnitude question, I'd say the good news is 5 days in studying, it was half the technical people on the planet there, it's only a few clients that we've seen that there's any data that's actually been compromised, taken, if you will. And on your question to why and how, the short answer appears to be customer portals. As we open up all our systems on the planet, there's more opportunity to get into UIs. And so that's why the monitoring is able to detect it. If clients start to do things with the servers that don't look normal, our people get on it. So that's how it was able to get shut down. So early days, more to say as we get smarter. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Bob. It's Ron. So the answer is it depends on the application. So let me give a couple of examples. So in the case of construction, which is about 1/4 of our U.S. and U.K. fuel card client base, this concept of adding a construction supplies card would be applicable to the entire 25%, assuming they were sufficiently creditworthy. And then on the balance, we've looked at all kinds of concepts, from things like an admin or owner cards, because most of our clients are small. They could buy or pay other kinds of general AP, to opening the cards up a bit more for things like traditional T&E. So we're working through 2 or 3 different kinds of applications of beyond fuel and seeing which ones resonate. But the 2 that we know for sure work are the construction supplies thing for the construction segment and this -- using personal money in the trucking business like we would use a debit card instead of converting into cash. So for sure, those 2 applications are working. When we talked the last time that we don't have a ton of revenue reports. I want to reiterate. We think it's still a very big idea, not only in terms of added revenue, but that the stickiness of adding this kind of capability on the client base is a pretty important thing long term. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We have -- I've got the page in front of me. We've obviously got targets in every one of the 4 primary spend categories. And then obviously, we have some targets that are in a couple of categories that we're not in but that we've studied. And so I think people would be fools to not think that we will make ongoing acquisitions in each of the categories that we're in. We will. 
Ronald F. Clarke: As I said, it's a mix. The couple things in front of me that are closest are kind of tuck-in, are smallish. But obviously, for the earlier call, there are some larger targets. I'd say none of those are super close in, but who knows? We're in a place finally leveraging liquidity-wise that if we like it, we'll pull the trigger. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. For them, the model is basically to get paid by the merchants. So in this case, the oil brands, the gas station brands, and to get paid per transaction. So in our role as a user, client for P97, take one of our proprietary fuel card products, for example, we would go out to our merchants and say, "Hey, we can enable you guys to take mobile." We might fund some of that. They might fund some of the merchant. And then we would pay in that example as the issuer something per tran to enable the mobile transaction. So those are the 2 ways P97 gets money. They get it from the merchant kind of enabling, and then they get it as transactions click through the app. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, the simple layman's way, at least, Pete, for me to think about it is the P97 has come up with a way sitting in the cloud or sitting in a host to basically talk through the systems that sit in the gas stations. They don't have to physically go there and do retrofitting. They literally go talk to the point-of-sale or the cash register systems. And so -- and then they connect it with an app. So the driver comes in, the app obviously connects to the host, and the host tells the gas station, station number 12 to turn on pump 8. And so fundamentally, it's like a loop between the app on the phone, the P97 host and then talking to the gas station's existing equipment to turn the pumps on. So it's pretty cool. It can be used as a private label app. Someone like -- take BP. BP could contract directly with them and create a BP app for anyone that's got a BP card when they come into BP. We could do it with the merchant networks that we have and make it a Fuelman app or a Comdata app or a credit card company. Citibank, if you have their card, could make it a Citibank app if enough stations were signed up. So it's -- we bought into it because it's the -- we thought the easiest way to enable mobile because you've seen what's happened with EMV and the pain of all these legacy gadgets that sit in these 160,000 places. We thought the time line would be really long making those mobile enabled. And so we like the approach here a lot. And so we got a bit of an exclusive deal with them in the fuel card space, and we're going to kind of chase after this. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ashish. It's Ron. So a couple of things. So one, again, the product is working well. It's green; two, about 30% of our fuel card sales in the quarter went on that GFN platform; three, we still are making some MasterCard sales on our old mainframe platform because we had to move people off of it last year. So there's a bit of a mix. I'd say that performance is improving. If we look at the last 6 months, we started to restaff the thing. Sales are increasing. We're getting more distance from the problem that we had. And so the expectation is as we roll through the next set of quarters that we'll get that thing stepped back up again. We're kind of at historical levels, but obviously, we're trying to sell 15% to 20% more, right, to fuel the growth. So when you sell the same amount as the prior year, you don't generate much growth. So it's a high priority to get that thing staffed and productive over the next few quarters. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's another great question. So first of all, I mean, for us -- most of us, the idea of hitting a button on a phone to order something is pretty common, but again, a year ago, we had 0. Every CLC traveler called the hotel himself or showed up because they're kind of boots people, driving around. And so this idea of when we launched it last year, "Hey, let's give him a digital and normal way to book." The fact that 1/3 of all the room nights that were observed were on the app and that those customers, those same accounts that used it grew 10% for us was great. That's the first point. Second point is we've rolled that out to all of the small accounts, and the adoption is growing month over month. So I don't know what it will be, but if you roll through Q2 and Q3, we could approach 40%, 50% maybe of all the rooms, as we run through this year being booked digitally. And then obviously, maybe you're still getting that 10% corresponding lift. And then third, I'd say, yes, our new sales were up again pretty significantly in Q1 in the report. And the sales review is it's an easier thing to explain to people now. So when they call up new companies and pitch the thing, "Hey, we have this network. It's a control network. Your guys can call themselves or you can just book on your phone," I think it's a more understandable product to present to the marketplace. So yes, it should help us on the new accounts side as well. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, it's Ron again. That's a great question. This is, in some ways, a little bit strange that because in Brazil, the toll concessionaires, the toll operators owned STP, they set the thing up as a 0 MDR product, a free payment system. So users could go to the merchants, the tolls, and the merchants could get 100% of the face value, and the payment company wouldn't get anything. That's a pretty unusual model because of who owned it. So FYI, we may be working to try to change that over time. But the good news is that the other categories in the repositioning, fuel, parking, which we're already in, we do get MDR like on a normal car. So we obviously get MDR at the fueling stations, at the parking. And obviously, in this fast-food pilot, I mentioned the same thing. And so you're right on. As we grow volume in those 3 non-toll areas, way more the revenue will come from the merchant versus from the customer. 
Ronald F. Clarke: They haven't. They -- I think there were 2 that were supposed to come online in Q2, and they're supposedly still. They've all been approved, but they've, I think, gotten stalled a bit with the election. I don't know if they're redoing -- or whatever you call it. They've got another election. 
Ronald F. Clarke: And so I think that has slowed. If you think about it, it's a bit of a tax, right, effectively. They're taking roads that were free, privatizing them and using toll proceeds to pay the developers, if you will, of those roads. And so I don't think it's politically super popular. So I don't know this, but my guess is they're just kind of slow-walking it a bit as they head into the election. So it may be a little bit later, but again, the things have all been signed off. The people have already built the roads. They're just waiting effectively to turn them on and start collecting tolls. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, you got it exactly right. Those things are a counterbalance. And so assuming that the current fuel price levels stabilize, the wholesale will catch the retail and call it a week -- a week to 10 days. 
Eric R. Dey: Sanjay, this is Eric. Let me give you a little more color around what's going on. We found out about this issue about a week ago. We obviously have very defined practices in place to detect these kind of things, and we did discover that there was some unauthorized access. And again, it was about a week ago. And again, our investigation to date indicates that the theft appears to be limited to SVS and a few of its clients. And we also -- investigation indicates that card data that was obtained consist primarily of private label gift card numbers and PINs, so no bankcards were involved and no personal identifiable information was released at all. We've also found that there's been no evidence of any intrusion into any of FleetCor's processing or financial systems. And our investigation is ongoing. And hopefully, over the next week or so, we'll learn a lot more as, again, we've employed some IT forensic people to kind of pore through our systems to identify where the weakness was. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. Bob, this is Eric. It's pretty much business as usual from a guidance perspective. We don't anticipate any material impact to the business itself at this point. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, Pete. This is Eric. We're looking at that. I think, ideally, we would hedge in conjunction with a large acquisition. It would make it easier for us to effectively do that. But we are looking at it. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. It looks like it's been delayed a little bit. But we are anticipating it to transition off by the, I guess, by the fourth quarter. But we'll wait and see. It's just going a little bit slower than we originally projected. 
