Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, it's Ron. So the 14% headwind is pretty weak payroll card kind of subcategory, which is kind of flat. So if you pull that out, our core corporate pay was actually up 18% in Q4. And then, second, in Q4 of '18, there was a bunch of political spend because it was the 2-year cycle. I don't have it in front of me, but I'm sure the growth rate in corporate pay in Q4 of '18 would have been super high. So that made the comp, if you will, of this quarter against the '18 quarter quite tough, because of the political spend in Q4 '19.  And then the second part of it, okay, what's the forward view, I'd say, high teens. I'd say, I don't have it in front of me, but if you said, "Hey, what do we think that whole corporate pay business will do that's embedded in our guidance?" I'd say we're outlooking high teens. And again, it does bump around by quarter. I think it has even here in '19. But we were investing to have that business keep pacing out in the high teens. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I think it's fair, sure there is. I'd say that we're probably steady as she goes. I don't think we're making any material changes in fuel card pricing, either here or rest of the world. I think a bit of the reason for the thing guiding down a little bit in '20, is, a, we had a pretty good year. I think the full year this year was 9% organically. So a little bit better comp. And then b, really, it's credit. I'd say with the EMV thing being late in fuel, we're continuing to get chased by the bad guys at gas stations. And so I'd say the credit dynamics were worse in '19 in the fuel card business than we thought. And so we've had to take some actions, basically, to tighten credit, credit lines, the amount that people can spend, et cetera. So I'd say that's for certain part of the reasons we guide. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I don't have it super handy, but I'd say it's circa under $10 million of what we call fraud. I'd say the 2 kinds of fraud are basically application fraud, right? Someone makes up there an actual business, and they never are. And then fundamentally, fraud at the gas station, where someone fundamentally fills up tanks, if you will. And so I don't have it in front of me. We can circle back on it. But for sure, those 2 numbers are up in '19 over prior years. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean I think the headline is we've gotten into these 2 bigger categories, Andrew, the payroll and benefits and into the payables. So beyond just employee related, the idea of software, right? The clients are using different kinds of software to help them, clearly, in the payroll or benefit administration area and using software in and around payables, whether it's procurement or workflow and stuff. And so I think the idea is that there are some targets that nest around that, that are kind of in front of the payment. The payment is kind of the thing at the end. And so I think the thinking we've been doing over the last 6 months is, hey, hey, hey, if we bolted on some of that software that's in front of, basically, the payment, could we create a better bundled experience with the client? And obviously, it's obvious that those companies might have clients. So it might be an entrée for us into the payment thing that we do. So I wouldn't say we're ready to pull the trigger, but I'd say it's a concept in causing us to explore a set of targets that we didn't really look at 6 months ago. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. A combo of all those things you said. So one, it's obviously a good comp, a good growth rate in '19. Two is trucking not only in the U.S., but in Brazil, and the U.K. is weak. And I think we called it out in our same-store sales. It was, I think, minimized 4% to 5% negative range in the base in terms of softness. So it's quite weak. And then I think I mentioned the last one is, it's credit. So for example, we get a very large number of our new fuel card accounts digitally now in the U.S. I think it's approaching 75% of all the new accounts we acquire. And so we've had to moderate what we can offer both credit at all and certainly, credit for beyond fuel via that channel based on the credit experience that we've got. So we've decided to just going cautiously. I don't want to blow the thing up, so we're going in kind of slow, careful. Let the stuff we signed up in '19 bed in. Study the credit dynamics of it and then kind of expand it. So it might do better, Andrew, as we pace our way through the year, but I -- we really want to win pretty cautiously on the credit side. 
Ronald F. Clarke: It's kind of in the 1% to 2% range, Tien-Tsin, is what I'd say. And again, we now have something in the base, but I don't have it in front of me. But we have obviously real revenue, and all the Beyond initiatives now finally in '19 and certainly in Q4. So they're all planning to be up. But again, they're coming off a relatively small basis. So it's something we could probably dig out and come back. But I'd say, across the board, it's kind of 1% to 2%. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Not super far would be the headline. And so the first one is we were fanatics around models. So we got to like the business model a lot first separate from what the business is. And then, second, it's got to be connected in some way. I referenced that procurement software example, because I think it's relatively easy to understand that. If you're AP heading a company and get ready to manage 1,000 invoices, you've got to have some set of software, either in your ERP or others to keep track of the vendors and whether you should have them all and when you should pay them. There's a lot of work to do before you click pay. And so things like that seem obvious to us as ways to maybe get clients more interested in a broader bundle. But we're not going to go crazy. We're just really trying to highlight that there's some adjacent things that are close to what we do that we like. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I certainly hope so, would be my answer. I've got my cheat sheet, a big elephant sitting here in front of me, and actually had a review yesterday on it. So our sights are set. I'm trying to do something big. As Eric referenced, our balance sheet is probably in as good a better place than it's ever been. So we are eager, probably like others on the phone, to do something. But I told you before, Tien-Tsin, we're not going to rush just because it's a good thing to do, but we're certainly interested in doing it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Sanjay, it's Ron. So I'd say, if you think about the sequential step in, in investments, it's one, some pro forma roll forward of the acquisitions. So some of the expense growth as you roll into '20 is really just 12 months of deals that carry lower margins, right, in our core business, that'd be number 1. Number 2 would be just traditional kind of line of business processing, servicing kinds of expenses that go hand-in-hand with the volume growth that we have planned.  But the 2 bigger discretionary ones would be IT and sales. And what we saw, we've been modeling the last 2 or 3 months, the fact that our tax rate will probably step down about a point. I think we finished around 22% and change for '19. When Eric and I saw the number trending, I think we guided 20% to 22%.  So we used 21% at the midpoint. We said, "Hey, there's an opportunity maybe to make a few investments in sales and IT." So we added a bit more really around transformation. I'd say instead of just projects, we're trying to have better data warehouses, move more processing to the cloud, improve our API layers as we connect, double down on the UIs for customers in terms of how they interact with us. So it's just -- it's a series of, I call it, different kinds of IT. Obviously, we're spending significantly more in and around cybersecurity. So it's investments in what we call non-line of business project investments that we're looking at. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think it's really outside in. It's trying to look at the world that our clients and prospects fit in and how they go about doing their work and us identifying very adjacent kinds of software and services that look a lot like what we do. So I'd say that the first driver of it is to try to package things that help clients basically do their work. And then the second one is what you said. It creates obviously a bigger sandbox to go work in, and obviously, again, may create some cross-selling opportunities of getting client bases that are in similar areas. So it's all of the above. And again, we're going to be quite cautious and have a lot of conviction before we pull the trigger. But I want to give everyone a heads up that, that software and services adjacency is something that we are looking at so that people could be prepared if we tell you that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: They vary. We've looked at some fair number of these in the last 6 months. I mean as you know, the box of buying things that have both revenue growth and accretion opportunities all in one are not always super easy. And I think that's been a bit of a guide for us the last couple of years. It's not buying assets that are only accretive that don't have midterm growth prospects. So I'd say we're trying to make sure we look at deals that have both of those characteristics. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Ashish, it's Ron. Yes, that's a good question. So I guess you hit one of them. So if you said, "Hey, hey, why might Brazil organic growth step back a little bit from 2019?" One is what you said that inflation has gone backward a bit in Brazil. So a bit less of that is baked in. And then number two, I think that we are open to acquiring new accounts with longer free trial periods, which takes, in a sense, some of the pricing of the new business down. And the reason for that is that some of the competitors, the banks in Brazil, have been offering 6- or 12-month starts on the toll programs. And so although we believe we're the premium brand and network, we want to make sure we're still getting that business. So that would be the second one.  In terms of the urban thing, I mean, let me put into context how big we think this could be. So in my opening remarks, I commented that we sold 125,000 new urban tags in the quarter, so call it circa 200,000 new users that signed up in 2019. I don't have the plan in front of me, but my guess is it's somewhere between 200,000 and 300,000 new urban users planned for 2020. We only sign up about 1 million new users, standard toll users per year. And so the impact, as you roll that snowball forward, if we can sign up 200,000, 250,000 and keep signing up 1 million, that number starts to get quite meaningful. So I'd say the one thing we've got evidence of now is that this offer to use an RFID convenient payment thing in and around the city at a bunch of places is something people like, and to tell you that we're able to actually communicate it and sell it. And so now we've got to try to scale it. We've got to build out the network further, which we've got money in for, and we've got to keep adding those number of users. So we're bullish on it, but I think it could be a pretty meaningful number here over the midterm. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So the sales one, I'd say that one is shorter term. We, as you guys know, build models to increase sales investment year-over-year and increase sales production year-over-year. So that example, I'd say, we're planning, I think, I commented, 13% to 15% incremental sales production this year. And my guess is we're probably spending low teens incremental sales investment to accomplish that. I'd say the IT one is different. I'd say the incremental money we decided to invest this year is a bit nontraditional for us. It's more architecture, infrastructure and structural, if you will, allowing us to do things easier, better to make changes in applications, to write stuff on co-basis that fill all platforms to get stuff running on old, multi, single-client hardware into a cloud environment with better economics. So I'd say that they're probably a year or 2 out, the returns on this new set of IT things. But for us, I think the key is we have to simplify the technology footprint and application footprint that we have. And so we're making some investment in 2020 to get positioned to do that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, again, the high teens number still includes that payroll card subset, which, again, is not planned to grow super. So again, if we kind of move that out, the core corporate pay might do even a bit better. I'd say, yes, we probably are thinking about Cambridge, the FX business a bit slower. So we've grown that thing obviously in a couple of years, 20% plus on the top and more on the bottom. I'd say that the combo of our old line virtual card idea and our new line full AP outsourcing, that, that thing, again, is planned in the high teens. So really, both major businesses, both the payables business and the FX business are kind of hand-in-hand in terms of the growth rate. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David. It's Ron. So yes, on the credit side, it's a good question. I'd say 2 things. One, that some large amount of our new business, we're booking on to credit card. So literally, we're not taking credit risk for, I'm going to say, call it, 2/3 of that new business that we're booking. And then obviously, the other 1/3, we're screening and determining that it's pretty creditworthy. So the credit dynamics in that market actually improved, believe it or not, in 2019 over the prior year. And we've got it modeled to kind of flattish going in 2020. So I'd say that sitting here today, the credit dynamics or risks aren't slowing us down on that. What's slowing us down there is trying to build out the nonfuel network. That's really the governor on speed there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I don't have it in front of me. I know it's up, and it's planned to be up again in 2020. I think we've got, I can't remember, 75 additional locations that we're putting on. So it will be 2.5 million to 3 million would be my guesstimate without having a piece of paper in front of me. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'd say, David, back again, I don't know the number, but the concept of this 2 for idea, particularly with our field people or phone people, to be able to offer a business, fuel cards that control fuel spend and then also on "1 account", help that company with payables or help open up the card for some employees for supplies or construction supplies. It's clearly a winning pitch. And then I saw some exhibit, I don't know, in the fourth quarter, where in Q2 and Q3, about 25% of all of our new sales were these 2 for sales, where this concept of adding payables to the account or some supplies, sometimes with different users in the account, is a very interesting offer. So I think the concept and the offer of this expanded product is good. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ryan, it's Ron. Yes, I'm looking at it, at a piece of paper. I'd say the trucking base softness got a little bit worse than Q3. It actually got worse kind of all throughout '19. We kind of planned it on the line that it's on, which, again, is soft. I don't know. I don't think we know that the U.K. is down not as much. Brazil is also, trucking, for some reason, is down some. So it has gotten a bit worse during '19, and we are planning it to be at the negative kind of 3% to 5% range in our 2020 guidance. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think what we should do because Tien-Tsin asked that earlier, I think that we should try to put together a more embedded exhibit, where we go kind of line of business by line of business and give you guys some color on what the contributions are in the 2020 numbers rather than just throw it out, because they do vary in each of our 4 major categories, right? The Beyond efforts are different. The maturity, if you will, of them are different and stuff. And so, Jim, just remind us. 
Eric R. Dey: Ramsey, this is Eric. I guess, first and foremost, there's been really no change since the complaint was filed by the FTC about 30 days-or-so ago. So we really don't have an update on the lawsuit itself, given the short period of time. We have made a number of comments around what we think the materiality of it is going to be, and our thinking is the same, and we don't think it's going to have a material impact on our business going forward. Yes, we have some conversations around redress, but those are still TBD at this point in time. 
Eric R. Dey: And don't forget, as we migrate to chip and PIN next year, our fraud losses are going to decrease over a period of time, and hopefully, to be very minimal after October next year when hopefully, everybody's converted to the new chip and PIN requirement. 
Eric R. Dey: George, it's Eric. Probably not. I mean the reality is we do have a lot of liquidity. As we've stated earlier, our balance sheet is in as best placed as really it's ever been. Our leverage is low. And listen, we've got plenty of liquidity, basically, to pursue both avenues, and that's what we want to do. So I wouldn't say we're not going to do it. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, I don't have it exactly in front of me. We really don't talk about the individual lines of business. But it's -- if I recall, I think it grew kind of line average in the quarter with the growth of the whole fuel sector. Something in that ballpark. 
