Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, it's Ron. I'd say still not super significant, maybe, call it, 1 point just to give you an estimate. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ashish, it's Ron. I'd say again the reason for a bit of deceleration from this year is we lapped some pricing. In most of those businesses, it's just volume. Like in corporate pay, in Cambridge, it's really all volume. In tolls, it's a bit of mix and a bit of the new things. And in lodging, it's basically volume in the small SMB segment. And so we've modeled the sales and retention rates in those business. And I'd say we're pretty comfortable all 3 are heading towards mid-teens, plus or minus 1. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David, it's Ron. So a few things. I think one, the health care portion of that business continues to shrink relative to the total. It's actually in the plus column. So I'd say that that's the first thing. And then the core business, the geographic business and the construction business are just booming way, way up. And then I'd say, third, a couple of the new channel partners, the CSI, the AvidXchange, we signed Bill.com in the fourth quarter. Some of our partners, I'd say, are accelerating their growth, their spend growth. So those would be the handful of drivers. On part 2 of the question, ASAP, I'd say it's still early days. We're out of the blocks. We've got a couple of teams selling first set of accounts wrong. We've worked out the model, how we're going to price and service. So I'd say that we're up, we're live, we're building. I'd say the real confidence or interest in the thing is through these partner relationships through the lenses of seeing how they're doing. So 2 or 3 of these relationships that we serve are squarely in this full AP business. So as their process or we see those volumes, so we see that the market is receptive to that offer and the sizes of the clients taking an offer, so we're seeing firsthand the acceptance of that. So I think it's just a pacing thing. I think our conviction that that's going to be a big, big deal is there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, again, if you follow the bridge, it's kind of 10% and 17%, right, normalized, so without the divestments and without the macro. So we think that's decent kind of leverage. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'd say it's kind of business as usual. We've got, as I said in the opening remarks, a number of near-end 4, 5 transactions that we're well into, that we're looking at, sitting in our core categories in fuel, lodging and corporate pay. And so I'd say, hey, what's the reason we've taken a 1-year hiatus, the answer is that when we got to the goal line on some of the deals last year, we just didn't like them enough versus the prices. Some of the prices have gone up in our space certainly pre this correction, and so we just want to make doubly sure at high price levels that the thesis is sound and the returns are there. And so I'd say that it's certainly -- more likely, you'll see us pull the trigger in 2019, given we didn't last year, but we're -- for all those wondering, we are still in the M&A business. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Oscar, it's Ron. So I'd give you kind of a ballpark. I'd say in our corporate pay without our FX business, it's in the neighborhood of 1/3, 30% to 1/3 of our revenue. Our interest in it is that, that space is just a massive TAM. It's a massive market and so it needs a lot of coverage, and so we like the fact that there's more marketing pressure from more people that's kind of off-balance sheet doing that. And so we like the business a lot and then the -- obviously, we learn as our partners take different approaches or go after different segments. It's obviously informative to us. And then on your question of pricing and stuff, we've obviously got good relationships. We sign pretty long contracts with those kind of partners so we don't get them into business and then find their way away from us. So I'd say that generally, our channel contracts are longer in term than some of our other contracts in the company. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, I guess it's a classic mix, I'd say, in the plan in front of me. But I'd call out, I think, 4% volume or tag growth in Q4. My guess is it's in that similar range, kind of 4% to 5% volume growth. There is some inflation both in revenue and in cost in that market, which would be another few percent. And then really, it's the mix of the type of business that we sign up and it's the add-on things that we talked about. So I think I mentioned that with this parking expansion and the fuel expansion, we get MDR now, so without having to change fundamentally what the customer pays, picking up incremental revenue. So I'd say it's those 3, volume, some inflation, and then basically some spend lift. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So the short story on why 9% versus, I think, full year of a 5% in '18 is clearly, the comps, Darrin, that grow over, right? We finally -- hopefully, we'll never speak about the 2-year-old GFN conversion. So we completely lapped that in Q4, and our MasterCard product line here in the U.S. went positive. So instead of being negative against the comps, it turned positive. And that thing -- we put resources back onto it this year. So that thing is out looking almost mid-teens again, back -- almost back to the old days in 2019. So the way we would help you guys think about it is really look at Q4 as the base, not the full year, because that's the better view of the comps and look at it sequentially and say, okay, how are you going to go from 9% to, call it, the midpoint of what we've given you, 10%. It's really kind of 1 point of acceleration. And it's in -- I'd say it's the comment that one of the guys asked at the beginning. I'd say the incremental 1% are kind of the new, new things, the new combo, payroll, fuel card and that, the beyond fuel, so a bunch of the new things we're working on, extended network in Russia. There's things going on really in every business that will eat that thing up. And again, off of the sequential number, it's really going up 1 point, kind of 9% to 10% at the midpoint. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Got it. So on the -- let me take the second part first. No, we do a contract review. I would say that there were no significant, call it, very large contracts up in the midterm and the next few years. And then two, I'd say on new partners, I'd say there is nothing close-in -- if you said to me, is there something that would be signed by anybody, us or someone else, in the next 6 to 9 months, I'd say no, not that I know of. I mean, like I commented on M&A earlier, I'd say yes, there are a number of active deals that are enclosed that we're far along on that will either go or not go. So I'd say most likely on door 3. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Tien-Tsin, yes, it's a good question. I'd say it's incrementally better. I don't want to get on your -- make like 90 days, the whole world has changed. I'd say that everything has inched a bit better. Our sales were a bit better, right, came in at 20%. That rolls forward. Our retention eked up another point, so when you roll those into the model. So the trends have improved a bit. And then for the other question, I think that progress on some of our new stuff has given us kind of a tiny bit more lift here in '19. So I'd say those 2 or 3 things were -- are incrementally better than when we talked to you guys last. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, that was the main thing also I wanted to call out. It's, "Hey, the company's total sales are growing. Hey, maybe it's just all in corporate pay." No, I want to make sure people are clear of it. The core, 45% of the company, sales are up 17% in the quarter. It's almost across the board we're having a record sales in Brazil. I call out because of the new channels, 1/3 of all the sales now. In the toll business or the new channels, those were kind of 0 virtually when we bought the company 2 years ago. Cambridge, I think I called out on its performance. It's just rocking and they've got a big sales plan again in '19. So I'd say it's really generally across the board, mid-teens plus kind of selling going on in every segment; lodging going good. So it's really everywhere. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Bob, it's Ron. I would say it hasn't moved a lot. We quoted these numbers over, probably many quarters now, kind of whatever it's been, plus 2%, plus 1%, the last set of quarters. So if you look at the trend chart, which I have, it hasn't moved a lot. I'd say the super positive same-store are in places like lodging. That's super healthy because of this SMB digital stuff. We're in double digits there of same-store because we just get more out of the clients we have, and the large clients like rail and stuff have gotten way healthier in the last 12 to 18 months. So that one's great. The corporate pay has built in same-store right because expenses grow in companies and the merchant, network growth -- so a single client might have $20 million of invoices to pay per month then we're getting 20% of them. We eke it up to 25% and then their invoices go up to 22%. So it has a built-in fundamental client spend and revenue growth. And then I'd say the couple of markets, the Russia, Brazil economies are way better certainly than 2 years ago and, I think, still improving. So we have really good, high same-store in both of those locations, so pockets of strength. And I'd say the rest of the stuff, like the U.S. stuff, kind of solid, chugging along as it has been. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's a great question. Obviously, a market like that is a bit of a mixed bag and has had some amount of uncertainty. I'd say on the good news front, the political thing looks like it's gone pro-business. The economy and, more importantly, the employment numbers have gotten way better, again, in the last year or 2. So I think inflation is frankly down and forecasted to be down. So I think the core economic things there look better certainly than they have in a couple of years, but for us, it's really, I think, the long view that it's a big, big market, lots of people, and it's a great payments market and it's an underdeveloped payments market, and it's a big TAM in the stuff that we do. One of the guys, one of the companies that does a bit of what we do, called Edenred, has half of the company's total profits in that one country. And so I'd say that we feel from the payments lines that we're above. We've got to be there. It's just too big and too early days not to try to go capture some of it but with that, make sure you guys aren't missing. We're aware of some of the other kinds of risk and obviously take that into account as we look at things there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, on the first one, James, I think, again, it's really to kind of repeat what I said. I think it's just incremental. I think our guidance -- 90 days ago, we're trying to be a bit conservative because we're looking at different compares to the period and I think again, over this last sets of days, the things -- all the things that drive the growth have gotten incrementally better. I think I mentioned at the outset that even we were surprised to the tune of, call it, $20 million better in the quarter. So things just got better. And our exit rates and stuff looked better. So I think we're as confident as you can be that, that thing has turned the corner and is heading to step up a bit. On your part 2 on the deal question, I think -- yes, I think the environment certainly has changed some in the last few years. The prices are higher because there's more people kind of in the game, kind of in our game, which I think is taking prices up. And I think we're focused on some different categories that have maybe more midterm potential than they do year 1 potential and maybe more revenue growth potential than immediate accretion potential. And so obviously, we weigh all of those things as we look at targets and try to balance it, try to not overspend for some hope and, at the same time, make sure we're buying businesses that have good midterm prospects, not just onetime profit improvement. So I do think we've moved a bit of the view and again, I think on the non-fuel categories, that we want to be really sure when we pull the trigger. So we're doing extra work. And if we don't feel confident enough, we'd walk by some things. But I would say again that people shouldn't think just because we spent $1 billion last year that we've retired from M&A and we're going to be buying back stock and delevering. I would say that we will be buying stuff. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, obviously, Jim, in some of the cases that I've called out, they come to us, right, as the "supplier, as the vendor, as the processor." So we responded. And again, it's been an attractive relationship, commercial relationship because we have some things they need and, therefore, money and the sales and marketing, and we can make returns. And as I said, we can learn. So I think our modus up to now, we have been responsive to people that are trying to be in the space because we view there's plenty of room for a lot of people as the market is big. In terms of transactions, I think like always, if we thought whether it's a partner or not a partner that there's capabilities. We could telescope time by acquiring something that's always something that we're thinking about looking at. And obviously, it takes 2 to tango. You need people on the other side that have that interest as well. But for sure, we're -- as you know, we're looking at the landscape. We know everybody in it. And if we think something makes sense to acquire, we will certainly approach people. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I think we -- outlook, I think we said kind of mid-teens. So if you said to me what do we think, our corporate pay business, which is the virtual card business, the partner business and the Cambridge business, I'd say we're comfortable with those numbers. And if you guys recall, lots of that business is effectively already sold. So in that particular line of business, it's much more of an implementation issue in terms of hitting the revenue plan than it is in new sales. So I'd say to you that we're pretty comfortable generally with the guidance we gave you guys. 
Eric R. Dey: No. Ramsey, this is Eric. I think what you said is basically correct. I mean, obviously, our spread-based businesses are growing at a little slower rate than the other business are in total. So as the other businesses grow, clearly, the revenue in those businesses or that the revenue impacted by spread is going to continue to get smaller. If that's what you're... 
Eric R. Dey: That is correct, Ashish. We do not anticipate and we sure didn't plan for any additional share buybacks or any M&A similar to what we do in prior -- what we've done in prior years as well. 
Eric R. Dey: In North America, right. So for those businesses that are sensitive in the movement in the retail price of fuel, we use $2.60. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. Actually, from our perspective, it's right where it kind of should be. Our EBITDA margins are running in the high -- kind of the mid- to high 50% range. If you look at the incremental revenue and the incremental EBITDA in our budget next year, it probably -- EBITDA margins in the low 60s, which is in line with the leverage we would expect from our business. Our fixed cost run approximately 2/3, and variable costs run around 1/3. So it's in line with the way we would always think about the business. 
Darrin Peller: All right. Look, just given the strong growth we're seeing in the quarter on fuel, I think it'd be helpful if you could just walk us through a bridge from the '18 growth rate in fuel to the '19 organic assumption of 9% to 11%. Just there's a lot of moving parts. So what's the contribution of each, whether it's a sales process or now the MasterCard growth assumption or anything on pricing? I mean, it is clearly a good result in the quarter on it and the trend in the outlook was good. 
Darrin Peller: Yes, pretty much. I mean, it was, yes -- and I think it trended up through the year even to the 9%. So I guess, I'm just looking at the full year '18 versus '19. 
Darrin Peller: No, I'm talking about either partners potentially, potentially in Europe or elsewhere as well as current existing portfolios that could be in -- looking around. 
