Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Jim. It's Ron. So I'd say we'd stick with the mid-teens number. As you know, in that business, it's mostly in-year function of implementation, not sales. So virtually all the revenue that we get, we sold already. So if we overperform in sales next year, you'd see that improvement, that acceleration in 2020.  The thing that could cause it to kind of float up or down is really if the clients we have that healthier or we grab more of their total spend, more of their file. So I'd say that's the lever, basically, that's in-year is the health of the client, the growth of the client base and then the share that we might get of their overall payables. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's a good question. So clearly, on the partnership side, our role is really as card processor, right, for our major partners. And so this Nvoicepay and the cloud software is really for us fronting our clients, and so it's different. We got the software so that we'd have our own full AP automation software that we owned, and it doesn't really affect our ability to process for the partners that we got. And I'd say we're probably -- don't need any more short term. We've got international cross-border software capability. We've got obviously card-processing capability. And now we've got full automation and disbursement capability. So I think we've got the capabilities we now -- that we need to have a very comprehensive package, and so the game now is to take it to market. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ramsey. It's Ron. I would say that we don't know. So if you take the 3 beyond toll expansions, you take parking, fuel and then fast food, so the company's been in parking the longest, quite a long time. And so the step-up there is really coming from the expansion. We're basically doubling the number of parking locations. So that one, I think, will mirror the market that -- as those doubling of locations get implemented, we'll see that parking lift probably 1 for 1.  On fuel, it's earlier days. It's a couple years. The company seesawed around with credit and how we would do it. So I'd say that one is still early, and we're trying to figure out really how to push that and, as importantly, sell new people onto it.  And then fast food is super duper new. I think our first thing went live sometime in the fourth quarter. I don't know if you picked up the call-out, but at half the locations that we're going to, 200 locations, we had 65,000 transactions in 1 month, and I heard verbally that it was quite a bit higher actually in April.  So to your point, I don't think we know yet of the $5 million active users we have between fuel and fast food, whether one of those is going to be more light, if you will, than the others. So we're going to keep expanding and keep promoting and keep watching the uptick and reporting back.  But I think the headline for today is it's working. It's super early, and we're just starting to promote this expanded network to the clients that we got, and the usage is already starting to build. So I think the feedback that we're trying to provide everybody here is we think we're heading in the right direction. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Both good questions. So on the first one, our estimates are circa $8 billion revenue opportunity based on the market size and the way we price. So we've got circa 10%, call it, of our $1.2 billion in revenue globally in fuel cards, call it, $700 million, $800 million of that here in the U.S. So we've got about 10% market share of the U.S. TAM. And so we think the other quality fuel cards, if you will, that are universal like ours are circa in that similar kind of range. So that means the other 80% are on either a lesser fuel card, call it, private label fuel card, again, cash or general-purpose credit card, what we would call not as good a method to buy. So we think that, that 80% is still right to convert to our kind of card. And obviously, that opening, if you will, is even larger as you move down market, right? It's probably closer to 90%. So the issue is not, again, runway or TAM.  And then on the second question, I think the key learning so far is, of the 5,000 U.S. clients that we've got across, the revenues were up 40%. And so when I say to you that I think it's incredibly meaningful to the growth rate that, if we can get an attach rate of 25% or 30% against our client base and get increases of 40% to 50%, that's going to create a lot of lift over the mid-term. So I would say that we've been talking about this thing for 2 or 3 years. We've got traction now. Clients obviously like it. And so I would say it's going to form a pretty core part. As Eric mentioned, it was 2 points of our growth -- of our 10% growth in the quarter. I could see that thing getting to 4% probably over the next couple of years. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean the short answer is, obviously, we don't know, Bob, because it's super early days. Our internal target is to try to get that attach rate to, call it, 25% or 30%. And yes, to your point, it does come with additional capital because you're carrying incremental spend. But again, because we've already done the underwriting and seen the credit risk of the clients that we offer to, we've got a pretty good perspective, right, on the credit of those accounts. I think the one place where the opportunity is way bigger again is the circle of our clients' AP relative to the circle of our clients' fuel purchases. So we're coming out with, call it, half. We're getting half of the client's general AP versus his fuel purchase. Our guess is the general AP is 10 to 20x larger than the client's fuel purchase if you think about the expense structure of the companies.  And so I tell you, I think we're just literally scratching the surface of the amount of AP that we can get. And again, we're trying to offer our products in a controlled manner and only pick off certain kinds of expenses of our clients, not turn ourselves into a general-purpose card. So what I'd say to you is that the opportunity between 40% and a much higher number is something we're going to continue to work. So we don't have all the answers yet, but what I tell you is it's working. We've got lots of clients now taking the offer. We're going out to another 100,000 this year. They like it. They're spending money on it. We're making money on it. And so it's going to be incremental. And as we get clear on just how incremental, we'll revert. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So on the second half of the question, we're working on 3 or 4 active transactions now. They actually are in 3 of our categories. They're in fuel, lodging and corporate pay. So Eric and I are obviously looking at the likelihood of those transacting, sitting at 2x. And so as those either clear or not, we'll look harder at the buyback. I guess if we have more days like today, we'll be looking particularly hard at the buyback.  But clearly, we look at our liquidity position, Bob, relative to our deal flow and relative to our view of our stock price, our market price. And so if those things get out of line, like they did a year ago, we -- I think we showed we bought a lot of stock back, about $1 billion.  So I think you should think that our capital allocation philosophy will stay that course, really, the rest of the year. If deals don't happen and our stock drops, we'll be buying back stock. And if we buy deals and our stock goes up on this kind of performance, we'll probably buy back less stock. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Oscar, it's Ron again. So I'd say we're still sorting that question. It's a very good question. So obviously, today, you've got the Nvoicepay sales and marketing group selling 100% of what I call offer #2, the full 100% AP outsourcing model. And you've got the core Comdata corporates payments business selling mostly 90% the offer #1, the virtual card that takes out some amount of the AP.  I'd say it's more than likely we will integrate the sales and marketing and look at bringing both of those offers to a client, meeting a client and getting clear on what the client is looking for and potentially providing either offer 1 or offer 2. So if you said what's my guess, that would be the guess that Nvoicepay will be a second product and a second offer in the bag so that we could create more pressure with the 80 field people and 50 appointment-setting people so we can create more pressure against that full AP. That's likely where we'll go. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Another really good question. I mean I think the answer is super simple here. It's our client base. So if you're a merchant, you're a parking operator or you're a guy that owns a few gas stations or you own a few McDonald's franchises, and we knock on the door and say, "Hey, we want to put our payment technology at your place, and we'll tell our 5 million customers about it," that's a generally more interesting proposition than Eric popping up and saying he'll put his technology there and talk to his 0 customers. And so the customer base, Oscar, and the fact that the technology is proven and we can run it in scale, I think, are the advantages, and I think it's shown that we've signed every big person. We've signed the biggest 2 or 3 parking operators in the country. We've signed the 2 or 3 biggest fuel brands. And we've signed obviously the biggest fast food brand. And so I think it's no surprise that we bring a pretty unique proposition to them. 
Ronald F. Clarke: David, that's why I love you calling in. I forgot to say that we're delighted to report it was a mid-teens revenue grower in Q1. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I'd say neither. I think that our view is that the acquiring world and focus is fundamentally at retailers and at merchants. And so our game is obviously at business employees and business AP. And so I think the core statement is that the marketplaces are just -- they're just dramatically different. Now we may share some of their merchants as acceptors, right, of our card programs, but I would say, other than seeing how investors react to the consolidation in this related fintech space, that has kind of not too much impact on us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So we've got the list. So you'd think that some are employee-related adds, as we've said before. So in some verticals, we see the construction expense and the vehicle maintenance. And then we see more traditional kinds of AP, like business supplies, business services. So again, it looks like our clients are picking certain kinds of expense categories to use our card in, our offer in, which again is a little bit how we present it to them, that it's an incremental control card and that they can add a certain category but not others to it.  So back to Bob's question earlier, David, our issue is that AP spend is massive relative to the fuel spend in a lot of our clients. So really, how much do we want to stretch that thing, right? And how much do we want to deepen the relationships? So we're going to wade into the thing slowly and try to get a bunch of clients to buy a little bit more and look at the retention rates that, that yields and report back. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Peter. It's Ron again. On the question a, I'd say probably no. I think in some ways, the implementation of a full disbursement solution has actually a bit incremental complexity, right, because you're taking 100% of the upload and 100% of the file and doing a little bit of software training and stuff. And so although a lot of it's the same, running through the vendor list and the merchants that take cards and don't, I'd say that no, we're going to get better through process redesign more than we are from having Nvoicepay in this other product, which, by the way, we are working super hard on to your point. If we can compress that even 3 or 6 months, it'll create just what you're saying, mid-term revenue acceleration.  On the second one, I think we've reported before about 1/3 of our core corporate pay business is through channel partners, resellers and aggregators and the like. And I think we've said right now, we like that a lot because the TAM is in the trillions and we've got a much smaller business. So for certainly, for the mid-term, we like these partnerships that we have. It's a big, big market. People are attacking different size segments. They're attacking different verticals. And so our direct people rarely run into our channel partners. So I'd say you should expect that we'll stay the course, maybe add a few more and then see if the game's any different 3 or 4 years from now. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Ashish. It's Ron. So yes, I think we spoke to this point maybe one of the last times that we've talked. And so on the digital front, I'd say a few things. So one is the client UI, so we have made lots of investments both in the design and recently in the conversion of hundreds of thousands of our clients now here and abroad to this new, what we call, simple UI. And so that's made a massive difference in the way the client interacts with us.  Two, we've done the same thing with new applications. We signed over 30,000 new accounts globally just in the first quarter, and so we put a lot of tech against what we call end-to-end application and implementation, so taking the client right through getting on a website and selling out an app to basically starting and compressing that time and making it all digital.  Three, we've ramped up the digital investments in selling. We're now up to 40% or 45% of all new sales. All new accounts that we acquired in the United States are coming purely through digital. We've completely automated the customer call centers with new screens, where we used to have people in 3 or 4 legacy systems toggling back and forth to try to answer a customer's question, resolve his problem. Now we've got the stuff consolidated with one unified view or a customer service agent can see data from 3 or 4 systems at the same time. So I think we've done -- we don't talk about a lot. It's kind of plumbing stuff, but we've done a lot to make the selling and customer experience and even our servicepeople's lives easier because, obviously, the rest of the world was doing that.  On your second question, I'd say we're kind of nowhere on the Big Data, which is, hey, how do we take this information and repackage it? And I think the early thought that we've got on this is around benchmarking, where we would take certain kinds of information for similar types of clients and maybe, in an anonymous way, serve that data up for benchmarking to help clients understand the pace. Do they approve invoices all automatically? What's the cycle time so that clients could get some feedback as to how they compare to other like companies? So it's not probably super-duper sexy, but that's our first thought of how to take all this information and create some value back to our clients. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's funny, interesting question. Just walking down to the call this afternoon, I bumped into the guy that runs the beyond fuel thing for our company and was asking him about that. I said, "Hey, of the 5,000 clients now that have used our card programs to buy AP, have we thought about introducing our full AP solution people?" And he said, "I beat you to it, Ron. We had the first call a month ago, served up clients that we want to have them call on to see if they want to continue the transition from fuel to kind of P-Card only, all the way to full AP." So I'd say there's that opportunity. There's looking at what people buy. So if we see our clients are buying a lot of lodging, for example, we can offer them our lodging products.  So I think we're just starting, Ashish, to look at wiring together the various products. We've built the company in a pretty short period of time here and built it kind of product by product, and now we're stepping back and looking at how we can cross-sell the products to the same clients, like this -- you hear in every business, we use the word beyond fuel and beyond toll and more site acceptance in lodging and so on. Really, what we're doing is just widening the offer and the utility, if you will, to the clients that we've already got. So it's a relatively -- it may seem like a simple thought, but it's a relatively still new thought for the company that we're really just getting started. 
