Eric R. Dey: Bob, this is Eric. Effectively, it's a number of things that's driving the second half revenue guidance. One, obviously, you heard us talk a little bit about the macro. Obviously, it's mostly FX rates in Brazil, which are causing the macro headwinds, so about $30 million to $40 million of unfavorable macro. Partially offsetting that is some over performance -- continued over performance in a couple of our businesses, more specifically like our Corporate Payments and our toll businesses, some of the businesses that have performed well through the first half. We're going to expect to see those businesses to continue to perform well in the second half. Then in addition to that, we're going to help offset the impact of that by -- we have lower expenses. If you recall, because our revenue is being impacted by unfavorable FX rates, our expenses are favorably impacted by unfavorable FX rates. So effectively, that's driving our expenses lower in the second half. So again, some -- about half of the favorability in revenue from FX, we're going to clawback in expenses in the second half. And then a little lower expense -- spending in some other areas as well. And then finally, we'll have a lower share count in the second half because of the share buyback. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. I think if you look at the last couple of years, Bob, we've been kind of high single digits in fuel and obviously better in the nonfuel. And so my comments earlier, I said we expect to moderate, call it, into the mid-teens in the 3 nonfuel lines. So we haven't started our '19 plans yet, but I would assume some mix like that going forward. And I think the upside could be these new add-on ideas that we have. If those get traction, a material traction sooner, we could get more lift. And then second, I think if we come up with some solution again to this SVS business, that would be another upside. So pre-budget, I'd say high single digits for fuel, teens for the other 3, maybe some acceleration from the new programs and then SVS is a wildcard. 
Eric R. Dey: Darrin, yes, if we exclude the impact of the GFN conversion issue and Chevron, the fuel card growth category would have grown around 8% organically. So again, it's in line with the guidance that we previously gave last quarter that growth rates are going to start accelerating in the space. And again, we're going to start exiting at a -- we're going to clear the GFN issue particularly as we get to Q4, we'll have a cleaner kind of 8% or so growth rate in that quarter as we exit the year. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. Peter, this is Eric. Yes, we're now thinking we'll probably have that portfolio for the remainder of 2018. So we've kind of built that in. We originally were forecasting to have it kind of mostly through the third quarter. We'll probably now have it mostly through the fourth quarter, then we'll transition away from it as we get in the next year. 
Eric R. Dey: Well, on the lodging side, I mean, clearly, we're seeing increases in volume all over the portfolio. As we said early on, we're focusing more downmarket where there are smaller fleets in an area where that business has traditionally not sold in. So we've been extremely successful, and it's an area that's very underpenetrated in this space. So we've seen a lot of success, and we think we're going to continue to see a lot of success. And now adding the digital tool, booking tool now added even more incremental rooms to the business as truckers are starting to use that tool a lot to book their new reservations and it's business that we're gaining that we used to, kind of, lose a little bit of in the past. So we're very, very bullish on the continued success of that business going forward. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Bob, it's Ron. Let me just add, it's about $0.15. We're absorbing about $0.15 of macro in the next 2 quarters. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, David, we're kind of on the same drill of trying to get positioned either via partners or acquisitions, right, versus a greenfield build. I'd say the difference in messaging is we put not only more energy in the last 6 to 9 months in Asia, but we're seeing better feedback. So I'm trying to just put in people's minds that we haven't forgotten that part of the world, and that something may break our way on that side. So that's, I'd say, the difference is the Asia activity looks, I think, a bit more favorable than it did 6 or 9 months ago. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Actually, a good friend of mine is the CFO of Visa, so it's a relationship that we have. I would say that we're pretty happy with the MasterCard people with the relationship with the deal. So I'd say, never say never. So we're obviously in conversations with them. But on the same imprint, pretty happy with MasterCard. I think last I looked, we're about half of all of MasterCard's U.S. virtual card business. And I think, we're the second-largest MasterCard issuer of commercial cards across every product line. So I think they like us because we're relatively important to them on the commercial side. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It's Ron again. So I'm actually looking at that slide. So I'd say that it is still -- it was a negative in Q2 that we reported. It'll be a negative in Q3. And I'm looking at a page that says it'll turn positive in Q4. So part of the reason that we're outlooking, call it, plus 8% organic in the fuel in Q4 is that, that boat anchor is finally making the turn from the minus to the plus column. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Tien-tsin. It's Ron. So again, the majority, not all, but the majority of the model there is tag-based. You pay a fixed amount for a tag for a month. And so what I called out is that our active tags that we bill for grew 5% in Q2 versus the prior Q2. So that's our best metric for volume. With that said, we do now get, call it, 20% of the revenue base is sensitive to transaction. And to your point, transactions, I think, that the prints were down a bit, but the strike, I think I mentioned, had about a 5% negative impact in transaction count. So we think trans would have grown, call it, a couple 2%, 3% in addition to the tag growth, which is really more selling. And then we obviously picked up incremental revenue from parking and fuel, which obviously is not total transactions and stuff. So I'd say, call it, half to pick a number out of 20, call it, 5 tags, a couple with tran and we get some revenue from that. And then the increment would be incremental fuel spend and incremental parking revenues. And then the other bounce is basically the program we put in place to get paid a bit more money from the high usage, particularly the trucking clients that use the product 80x a month and put a lot of spend on the program. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, it's a good question. I guess it's still difficult. I don't have it in front of me, but I think the economy is still 0 to plus 1 or plus 1 for the full year. And I think things are a bit frozen, right, with the election in the fall. But I'd say we're still long on it. I've said it a million times that when you step way back, it's a big and early days payments market for everything that we do. One of our kind of comps is Edenred. Half their profits are in that market and not half of ours are. So I'd say that we still like it a lot because of the potential, Tien-tsin, and like others, hope we can get to the other side of this instability. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, I think the fascinating -- that's another great question, the fascinating part is we've trained those 10,000 small companies for years now how to use the product, which is to call themselves or walk in. And even that group that's been around a long time, 1/3 of them use the booking tool. Of the brand-new accounts, for example, that signed up in Q1, 70% of all the SMB rooms were booked with the tool. So the new people that hear it from the get-go use it more. So the first thing is the mix alone will increase it sequentially. And then second, I think as we keep marketing it to the "old" customer base, we'll get more lift. So my guess as you roll out a year, you'll be at 50% or 60% of all SMB will be booked with that tool. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Oscar, it's Ron. I'd say I wish I could. I'd say that again, it's still a very early day. So if you think about it, we've got like 45% of our company is fuel cards and, call it, 10 businesses right around the world. And so we're introducing different flavors, different versions of this beyond fuel in different places. So we have different things happening here in our U.S. local business than we have in our U.S. trucking business, than we have in our U.K. business. So the first headline is the approaches for beyond fuel are a bit different depending on the specific line of business. But I'd say what the good news is, which I was trying to call out is, the early reactions are encouraging. So customers are taking up this AP companion card. We've got 3 of 14 still selling the BuilderPro construction card. So the problem is we're not long enough into the thing to turn it into a certain model yet. I'd say as we get closer to the end of the year and we build our '19 plans, ask me again and we should have a clearer thing. But that would be, back to Bob's question earlier, I think that's the delta for people that want to bet. That's the vector for us -- the pace of that could drive another point or 2 or 3 faster growth if that stuff could materialize faster. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. We like our chances of those inching up. I think you know us well enough. We're not in the charity press release business. We're in the profitable growth business. So we try to obviously onboard business that we can make money. And so I'd say the things that would cause us to have higher margins are; a, just the operating leverage. We still have 30%, 40% of the company's cost structure is relatively fixed, so we have that going for us. And then, b, these add-on things that you brought up earlier carry better margins because many of them are sold back to the same clients. And so obviously, the selling costs and servicing costs of an add-on is, by its nature, lower, and thus the add-on margins are higher. So I'd say those 2 things bode well for higher margins. And then I think just pace of growth and investment goes the other way, right? If we decide to step up sales investment or even more IT or innovation investment. So I'd say, if you net those 2, our forecast over the next few years would be to keep ticking it up positive a bit. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I got you. So first on the why us. I think all of these partner private label things have a similar screen. They have a, "Hey! Can you do it? Can you operate the thing?" So I think, there's a few of us that have the systems and the people to actually be able to do it and not goof it up. So they would look at SLAs of our other partners, reference us that we can do the work. Then two is volume or growth that they believe that we can sell, that we have selling systems that can work. And then three is obviously the price. And so I'd say those are the 3 main criteria. And so I think us versus others that did probably check the box on the first one. Obviously, other people in the space, WEX or Citibank can do cards. And then I think that the view of our ability to grow the volume and whatever our price proposal was would be the 2 things that caused them to pick us. In terms of timing, we're looking at that conversion starting in Q4 and running into the beginning of next year. And although we don't give individual client revenues, I tell you, it's a single-digit millions annualized contract. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Ron again. So on the M&A front, I think I mentioned on the last call. We're actually -- we were on the 5-yard line with something we decided no on, so something that was close we kind of kicked out. But I'm looking at the list in front of me. I'd say that we've got 3 or 4 deals that are active, what I use the term, they're in the works now. Looking at them, they're call them, $200 million to $400 million-ish in size, and then there's one larger deal. So I'd say that nothing we're going to announce in the next 30 days, but things that were mid and getting layered on right now. On the partner front, probably the same. I got that page in front of me. We've got a couple of things here in the U.S. We've got something in Europe. We've even got something in Brazil. But again, I've been wrong so many times forecasting the timing of those. I'd say it appears again that we've got 3 or 4 partners that have an interest in maybe doing something, but it's not late enough for me to give you guys a steer that it will be this year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So there's a couple of ways to look at it. We look at the thing in terms of total toll spend, so what's the total take from every toll booth in Brazil annually in real and then how much do we process or collect. And I think, that number in front of me, but I think it's around 60% of all the toll money that's collected in a year is collected by us. So I'd say that we're moving down the curve. We sell about a million new tags per year. Again, we've got about 5 million active holders here in Q2. We sell about a million new ones per year. So I'd say that we're moving down the curve of lighter users. Obviously, anyone on the toll, on the highway, they're going 100 times a month already have our tag. And so we're more likely to get someone that's going 5x or 3x next. So I'd say the big idea, which I don't know if I communicated it well or not, but the big, big idea there is to take that technology and the relationships we have with fueling and parking and go to the other 35 million vehicles that don't go on the highway, that just go around the cities and like park in the garages and go to Shell stations and Petrobras stations. So when we look at that and the early returns on it are people like not stopping and paying for parking when they go to a mall there and yet the companies only offer that service so far to people that are toll guys that go on the highway. So when we bought the company, our idea was we're not going to be a toll company. We're going to be a toll technology or payment company. So the message you guys ought to queue on is, how fast can we start to add users that are not toll users, that want to use fuel and parking in particular. And I'm telling you, if that works, it's 5 to 10x the market potential of the thing that they built. And again, we built a massive distribution system, almost 2,000 people in the field selling. We've turned on the digital. We've got third-party retail now. And so we've have relationships with the 3 biggest gas station fueling retailers in the country. And so we bring a fair amount to chasing this thing down. That's the growth. That's the growth. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Darrin, it's Ron on the part 2 question. Hey, you got a bunch of closer retail, so you got a bunch of hot bread lines with people at the door coming in. I'd say again that toe stubbing we did with GFN, not only impacted the customers that were on GFN, but hurt the productivity big time of our sales force. We've turned them into service reps for, oh, my God, I don't know, 4 or 5 months, yes, 4 to 6 months, trying to help clients they had sold when the thing was broken and stopped. And so it's been a way longer recovery of getting that group of people back, a. And then, b, because we thought the GFN platform was going to be the platform, a number of the new products we had built only ran on that platform. So I made the decision not to go forward with that and put those new products on that platform but to put them back on the old platform we had, so that took us another 3 or 4 months to kind of reengineer that, so adding the salespeople selling new things that they didn't have confidence in. And so it's not really a pent-up demand. I really view it as a recovery that finally, we opened a brand-new telesales center in Phoenix this past quarter mostly to get away from that pain that the people -- a couple hundred people here lived through. I wanted a clean, brand-spanking-new group of people that hadn't been through it. So I'd say that the way you should think about it is every quarter from now, we need to be building sales volume for that MasterCard product and getting farther away from that problem a year ago. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think you are, and I think we've been with you since we started talking about this that we're huge fans of that category because of the size of it. I think the biggest issue for us, Darrin, was the structure of the thing. So when we bought that business initially, whatever size it was, it had 2 pretty big parts of its revenue. It had health care, which was a 1/3 or 40% of the business when we bought it, and it had a fair amount of partners and resellers in it, call it another quarter or third, so 50% or more of the business was that. Will those 2 segments keep going the wrong way even 3 years later. The health care business continues to decline even in Q2, and so it sits inside of that 20% plus. Still, health care was minus, although it was smaller. And second, we kept getting repriced on renewals of the big reseller partner. So even though the volume goes up, we get less money. So what I'd say to you is, the non-health care and non-partner business is probably growing 35% just to pick a number. And so what I'd say is we are -- we're obviously -- the guy running, and we were taking the business away from these 2 things that I'm saying that were not my favorites to verticals that we like, like construction, media and just general AP. And so once we kind of ring through the other side of this, the non-health care or non-reseller piece will be smaller parts, and you'll see to your point a 20% plus business going forward. How long it's going to take us to get that thing completely ironed out, it'll be sometime in the next year would be my guess. So it's effectively, remaking that business in flight is what we're doing. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Jim, it's Ron again. I'd say like we always say, we're not super smart in terms of the forecasting of same-store and GDP and stuff, but we have seen certainly in the U.S. now at least 3 or 4 quarters in a row that have been in the plus column. And this Q2 that just finished, we had super health in lodging, in corporate pay stays and in Russia, those 3 were way up in terms of growth of the existing customer base. So again, in our plans and the guidance we gave you, we're thinking the things kind of where it's been, kind of 1% to 2%, I think is what Eric and I modeled for the rest of the year. But again, it's not a metric that's really super easy to forecast. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's a really good question. I know lots of people maybe even on this call for some reason don't love the international payments FX business. Maybe there're some players out there that haven't done as well, but we're delighted. I told the CEO earlier this week coming up on a year that we are so happy we bought his company, their company. It got off to a bit of a slow start because I'm working on really too many things, but they got through that. They've grown mid-teens plus the last couple of quarters. Our outlook in good growth. The sales are way, way up, 25%, 30% up over the prior year. So I'd say at the highest level, we are really happy that we're in the space. Number two, we're starting to see some synergies from the cross-selling to the tune of $4 million or $5 million of new sales, we're expecting as we exit this year from our Comdata people selling the Cambridge International pay people. So that makes me -- us feel good about the relatedness of the businesses that the Cambridge clients obviously pay domestic AP too, along with international AP. And so we like the fact that we're in both of those. And then last thing I'd say is this whole AP automating and digitizing AP, we think -- I think, it's just -- it is a massive opportunity. And I worked at ADP for almost 10 years and half the expense structure on the planet is people and the other half is vendors. And so building the "ADP of AP" is a theme we have in the company that we probably will take bigger positions in this space over the coming years. We like it a lot. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's a really good question. I think that I'm friends with Jeff Sloan of Global and Frank, so I know both of those guys and their businesses. So I think the new news for us is, call it, over the last 5 or 10 years, those companies have signed up way more kind of service businesses, think of a plumbing or construction person going out to a house and getting paid with a card now instead of billing. And they're not super important accounts to an acquirer because their volumes are relatively low, but they could be super important accounts to us because they buy more fuel than they run credit card transactions. So I'd say the opportunity that we're exploring is kind of leveraging their channel in their existing client base that's in the service-centric kinds of businesses to take some of our card products. So our products fit some of their customers, and both of those companies are quite used to partner work and kind of working obviously, for example, with banks and ISOs and bars and stuff. So I think it's right in their wheelhouse to maybe work with someone like us. So that's the idea, is to use of their relationships and customers and channels and maybe put some of our product line in. 
Ronald F. Clarke: They would. They both are smart guys, and they had some reciprocal ideas of some ways that we could help them. I mean, on that point, just this idea we talked and I guess, Peter said in the last call about winning and people talk a lot about nameplates and stuff, this is to remind people. We sold 30,000 new business accounts in Q2, 30,000 new businesses joined our portfolio. And so for us, this word winning is not a name of a company. It'd be a long list for us to name who we're winning, but I want to make sure people leave the call that in our view, that's winning, selling more new business than you ever had and selling diversified business that you can make a buck on is our idea, so just an FYI. 
