Eric R. Dey: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now, everyone should have access to our fourth quarter press release. It can also be found at www.fleetcor under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call, we'll be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and EBITDA. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP, and may be calculated differently than other companies’ similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today's press release and on our website, as previously described. Also, we are providing 2014 guidance on a non-GAAP basis.  Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2014 guidance, new products and fee initiatives, and potential business development and acquisitions. They are not guarantees of future performance and, therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them. These results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today's press release and Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Others are discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website as previously described and at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, David, for the full year, if you look at our full year organic -- our full year revenue growth rate of 27%, about half of that through the year is from organic growth. And kind of the other half is obviously the full year effect of acquisitions that we acquired in the year. And the organic growth in the United States for the year ran around 11%, and was slightly higher in the International business for the year. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes, yes, and David, just to add to that, that $500 million is just a guideline. Again, people ask us that question all the time and obviously, we're very opportunistic around acquisitions and partner deals. So we'll close deals when they make sense. But we are targeting about $500 million a year. It could be more, it could be less. Just like it was last year, it was significantly higher. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes -- hey, Phil, this is Eric. It's kind of similar to this year. I would say probably a little less than half is our target for organic growth. And as you know, historically, we've kind of guided people to think of our business as kind of high single-digit to kind of low double-digit organic growth kind of company. And that the guidance we provided for next year is kind of in that range. And then the remainder of that is obviously the full year impact of acquisitions that we closed in 2013. And it includes no new deals for 2014 or new partner deals that we've not already disclosed. 
Eric R. Dey: For the full year, we spend about $5 million. So most of those deal costs were in the second half, so I would say most of those were in the third quarter. That's when we closed the other Brazilian deals, the larger deals. And there were some obviously associated with the New Zealand and Australia deals kind of at the end of the first quarter into the second quarter. But I'd say the majority were in the second half of the year. 
Eric R. Dey: We really didn't look at it that way. Obviously, there's a -- we're in a number of different geographies around the world, so exchange rates are moving in different directions. Our 2 big currencies that have the most impact were obviously the pound, which is been moving more favorably towards the end of the year versus the Brazilian real, which has actually been moving more unfavorable kind of throughout the year. In terms of average, Adam, I don't have that calculation in front of me. 
Eric R. Dey: Hey, Tien-tsin, this is Eric. From an on-the-ground perspective, I would say, really, we don't see a lot going on from an economic perspective. I think our volumes are kind of where we expected them to be. I don't think that the GDP in both of those markets, I think, is still up. So I think, still kind of good from our perspective. From an FX perspective, unfortunately, you had the pound going in one direction and you got the British -- the Brazilian real heading in the other direction. So those 2 currencies have effectively mostly offset each other. So not a lot of headwind in FX, if that stays the course. 
Eric R. Dey: I kind of called out the interest expense in my guidance, Tim. We're expecting about $24 million of interest expense next year, and that will be spread pretty ratably throughout the year next year. 
Eric R. Dey: It's a little of both. Obviously, we have a lot of organic growth in the existing businesses. We called out in 2013, we grew our business organically, call it 13%. About 4% or  5% of that came from transactions, and the remainder of that came from revenue per transaction. So that would create a lift in margins in the legacy businesses. And then certainly from an acquisition perspective, we generally buy businesses that have a lower margin profile than the company's average. So typically, we'll spend the next year or 2 to improve the performance of those businesses, which would obviously then improve margins as well over that period of time. 
Eric R. Dey: I don't know if 24 months is the right answer to the high or low, but I would say the answer to your question is yes. I mean, clearly, we're going to improve the performance of the businesses that we own and we're going to continue to grow the existing businesses organically. Again, given the fixed cost nature of our business, approximately 2/3 of our costs are fixed, so the majority of the improvement in revenue goes to the bottom line. 
Eric R. Dey: No. It was kind of the -- the $10.6 million in Q4 was more of a one-time kind of hit or is a catch-up entry, so we've booked an entire year's worth of stock comp in the fourth quarter for that one particular item. We spent about $27 million in stock comp in 2013. And from a modeling prospective, we're currently assuming that it's going to be flat next year. But our compensation committee meets towards the end of the first quarter and usually, we have new stock grants that are issued at that point in time, so that stock comp number will probably increase after that comp committee meeting. So we can give you a better number kind of after that point in time. 
Eric R. Dey: But from a stock comp perspective, I mean, it's generally ratable throughout the year. There's not a higher number generally in Q4 than there is in any other quarter. There just happened to be that in 2013. But 2014, I just spread it throughout the year. 
Eric R. Dey: It's obviously going to be up less. I mean, we get economies of scale from our business. Our margins, we're planning a 22% increase in revenue, and there's a 22% also increase in kind of cash net income per share. And there's a number of reasons for that. One is we got the full year effect of acquisitions that are kind of hitting into the year. So again, the trajectory of those acquisitions is such where you see most of the improvement coming in, in the third and the fourth quarters, and exiting into 2014 -- '15. We also have a number of below-the-line items that are impacting our cash EPS next year. Interest expense is going to be up pretty significantly due to the financing of the deal, so we're calling out $24 million of cash interest expense versus kind of $16 million this year. We also have a higher income tax rate next year. We're going up kind of 1%, which is where it's kind of about $0.05 a share. And then the share count is actually going up about 1 million shares as well. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's -- David, it's Ron. That's the overall direct business which has another set of products in it other than the MasterCard product. 
Ronald F. Clarke: It's in that same kind of 30% range. And like I told to you, we took a bit of a breather on rate for a quarter and we're kind of back on our standard rate plan. So kind of 30% for the full year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: No, but active. We've got a handful of deals we're working and a handful of partner things. So busy. We took a little break in the fourth quarter. We're busy again. We kind of raised the target internally to $500 million per year from $300 million. So we're -- given the size of the company now, we're trying to step it up. We did almost $1 billion in 2013. 
Ronald F. Clarke: No. There's still a number of interesting fuel card, both partner and deals, that we're looking at, but we are on this whole workforce payment space as well, so look for a mix. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Phil, it's Ron. I'd say probably half of the improvement will be in the second half of this year, and then the balance basically rolls in into 2015. And the 2 biggest deals that we did was the VB deal in Brazil and this Epyx deal in the U.K. They're the largest and will provide the most lift. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. As you know, every deal, before we sign and wire, we have a thesis, a profit curve, and so they're based on specific plans that we have. And so -- although, when we did the majority of the deals, I guess, in the second half of the year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So I'd say some of that is getting underway now, Phil, kind of in the first quarter. But again, I'd say it's backloaded based on when we close those deals. But every single deal has its checklist of things we're trying to do. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Great question. Finally closed. So Q2, we should be live in the market in Q2 with that product. And by the way, we'll be the first one in the U.K., we believe, if we get out in the quarter. So... 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's a reach. I'd say, as always, we have things that are "close in" and farther away, and no different today. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's another, I think, good question. So the first part of that, I'd say, it's deal-specific. So every deal we look that we elect to do, we've got some thesis of how we can make a lot more money. So I'd say the ones that we do, that's basically the only reason we go forward, Glenn. And we believe we can get a much bigger number. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Adam, it's Ron. I'd say we've made good progress. Both of those businesses have significantly higher profits than when we acquired them. I'd say, particularly in the AllStar case, it would be significantly more profit planned again here in 2014. And probably, we're getting a little later inning, I'd say, in the CTF plan, but we'll kind of going in a different direction there with the new products. So I'd say that one, we're really chasing kind of revenue growth more than profit growth this year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I mean, I think, a, it's -- a number of those things are still a ways away. B, I'd say it's a very big space that historically has been all oil companies. So I think, again, there's just plenty of runway over there if we have the right product set. So I'd say, stay tuned again for our plans there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, when we use that word, Tien-tsin, we're really talking about payments that go between the employer and the employee, fundamentally reimbursing. So we're not really in "corporate payments," like a bank doing AP or doing what WEX does. So our game is basically to call on people to deal with, get money to employees, and so that whole line of products kind of fits in there. Whether it's tolls or food or obviously, fuel or hotel, it's all basically money moving from the employer to the employee. So we like that space. That administrative ease is really well liked. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. The ballpark is kind of a couple hundred million in total, which is low-20s, so it's kind of 9 to 10, is our organic view, and kind of 10, 11 is the deal piece. 
Ronald F. Clarke: The fourth quarter, I'd say, because of some of those headwinds, it would be -- I guess, the year was about 50-50 kind of low-teens organic for the full year and, what, 27 in total. So I'd say, it was probably 55 for the full year and maybe a little higher, Tien-tsin, in the fourth quarter because we had some of the headwinds that Eric pointed out in the quarter. So I think the acquisition piece would have been a little stronger than that in Q4. But again, we expect in our plans, so that to re-settle out basically at 50-50, which is what we've been on, I think, consistently, trying to grow the base business around 10 and then see what we can get done on top of that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Smitti, it's Ron. So I'd say our plan there is probably late second quarter in terms of that program, so we're taking over a portfolio and selling the product. And I characterize it as kind of a single-digit millions deal for us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Correct. And again, I think that the interesting part, one of the reasons we included this, is really the focus on new markets in Canada. We won this Husky thing -- when did we announce that? 4 or 5 months ago. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So we got 2 of these, and now we have a product, Smitti, that works there. And so we're going to sell it directly, and we've got these 2 accounts. Husky also planned to kind of go live in Q2. So come the second half of '14, FleetCor will have some decent business in a market that we had effectively 0 revenue in last year. So that -- this, I think -- and part of the call-out on this is to make the point that we're trying to find ways to get into important markets. I think Canada's just inside the top 20 in terms of biggest, so we're pleased with that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, we're -- yes, so it's another good question. We're early in that, but I'd say the early returns we've restructured and integrated to sales groups. This NexTraq company we bought is actually here in Atlanta, and so we got now a group of those telematics sales specialists calling into the FleetCor client base, with a goal to prove out whether there's an interesting cross-sell. And I'd say, it's very early, but I'd say, very encouraging so far. 
Ronald F. Clarke: And remember, Tim, it's Ron, that we're constantly trying to sell higher revenue per tran products, which you see in our numbers. And so, obviously, that contributes to higher margins, right. The products are the "our step-up products" that carry higher revenue per tran, generally carry higher margin. So it's a density and scale thing, and it's a product mix thing. But you're right, there's a lot of moving parts, right? It's not only the other businesses, but it's things like stock comp and deal costs and severance costs, a lot of things, I think, make it difficult to see. 
Ronald F. Clarke: It's Ron. And your question is kind of point-to-point. The answer is it would step down significantly, right? So our Q1, Q2 operating expense is planned to be dramatically lower than what we reported in Q4, dramatically lower. 
Ronald F. Clarke: But I think, David, in terms of the model, think about it as the revenue is on a curve each quarter going up, and I think about the operating expenses being much more flat. And that goes with that we're restructuring the expense side of these businesses and putting in these programs. And so that what contributes really to the earnings growth, getting better each quarter, is there really won't be growth in expenses, any significant growth in expenses, as we roll through the quarters here. 
