Ronald F. Clarke: Ramsey, it's Ron. It's mostly trying to unify the middle market corporate pay assets, but we're also going to rebrand the Roger SMB Corpay. So basically from small to middle market, we'll have 1 brand. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a great question. The answer is it is becoming more even. We're seeing more recovery now among the SMB group, which is obviously helpful. So our revenues are improving a bit faster than our volume recovery. So it's good news. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. In terms of the first part of the question, the sales, the answer is yes, kind of all the segments. I think I called out the fuel card businesses were ahead of the prior year, so was the corporate payments business. So really strength virtually everywhere, except, I'd say, Brazil. Brazil was a bit softer than we had outlooked mostly because of the COVID situation. So with that exception, really, the sales were super terrific.  Yes. On the Corpay question, again, the answer is yes. I mean, again, as I mentioned earlier, it's unifying all of the products, which helps in a lot of ways, to your point. It helps not only with the UI in terms of being able to cross-sell and showcase but it also helps at the top of the funnel, being able to promote a broader line of things to prospective clients that are earlier in the cycle because who knows, per se, which product may be interesting at that moment? So we think there'll be benefits both engaging prospects at the top of the funnel, and then once we've got a client on one of the products, it would facilitate our ability to cross-sell it.  So -- and then again, the comment I mentioned earlier that we're going to use the same brand kind of down market in SMB land is in the middle market. So it will look, we hope, as we put this thing out, pretty seamless to whoever is looking in. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Ken, it's Ron again. It's a good question. I'd say that it is both. We're super excited about being able to take a bill pay product back to the hundreds of thousands of clients, both here and in Europe, and we've actually come up with some creative ways, we think, to get that product in front of our existing accounts. So that's one.  But then the second one, to your point is, yes, we'll go out directly to SMB prospects. And clearly, digital has now become, I don't think 60% of our fuel card sales. We're getting lots of new smaller accounts via that channel. And we have a lot of other assets in corporate pay to be able to monetize it, for example, in the back end with our merchant network in terms of putting some of the payments through virtual cards. So we think that we can go out with pretty attractive proposals, if you will, out to the prospective accounts and still make a bunch of money, if you will, on the back end. So we'll go out both ways, both to existing clients and to prospective ones. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. John, it's Ron. That's a super good question. Yes is the short answer. Everything you said was right. We did have a nice spike in Q4 from the political. It's really this full AP. If you recall, we bought a company just about 2 years ago called Nvoicepay that does AP automation, kind of full AP outsourcing, if you will, payments. And so that business, it's just going gangbusters is the short answer.  We've, I think going back to the baseline of 2019, more than doubled the spend and revenue in that business. And I think we've got a plan to sell this year in '21 like 60% or 70% of the base of that business. So that business was picking over $50 million. We've got a plan to sell $35 million or $40 million. So we've got more of our sales energy and people basically against that particular product line. So that's what's creating the delta. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Dave, just to jump 1 last thing on what Chuck said. Your comment is right. Obviously, if you looked at the fuel prices in Q1, they were generally upticking kind of throughout the quarter, which obviously pressures spreads a bit. So as we were exiting the quarter and obviously, we've seen April, what you said is true. We'll have a bit better overall quarter if fuel prices stabilize because spreads have kind of normalized, to Chuck's point. So you're right that this quarter would be better than the full Q1. But if fuel prices stay the same, then we'd expect spreads to kind of stay normalized the balance of the year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Let me start and then Chuck can pick up. I'd say that probably short term, kind of this quarter, maybe in the next, it will probably continue to run a bit lower. And that's a function of a couple of things. One, the credit policies we had in place a lot in 2020, right, to be protective of the assets of the company. And then two, unfortunately, the amount of new sales we had in 2020 were lower than normal and lower than planned and they carry higher losses.  So when you have a mix of less new to existing, you'll have lower credit losses. So those couple of things will make it a bit better. But I think as you roll forward, I think we would probably anticipate we get back more, David, to normalized levels because we've opened the credit patches, if you will, now, and again, our sales are way up as we said. So maybe a little bit kind of short term and then normalizing as you head to the back of the year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Tien-Tsin, good to hear your voice. Better, I'd say, probably like the peers that you call out. We were telling someone earlier today, we've actually gone back to real in-person meetings. I actually did a real-life M&A call a couple of weeks ago. We met the principals in real life, so that's kind of nice to actually see people. So yes, I mean, obviously, one of the reasons that we did the refi and upsized the thing is we do have a pipeline of deals. Like I mentioned, we're looking to close upon this AFEX thing here in a few weeks. And we have a couple of other things close in that we like. And so that was the basis for kind of lifting that liquidity.  So it feels better to me. I mean, I don't say it's back to normal, but we've got things in the categories we like. We've got some accretive deals, which we tend to really like. So yes, we're in a -- I feel like we're back in really a better place, feeling comfortable, if you will, with some of the transactions in front of us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It's a super good question. So 2 comments, Tien-Tsin, back on that. The first one, which I think I mentioned in my opening comment, is we have the luxury of seeing April volume. So I'd say the first thing is we're actually seeing the thaw, if you will, in some of that same-store stuff, so some recovery literally already in some of the lines in April.  And so our expectation -- my expectation is Q2 here is going to be the thawing that will move off of that 6% kind of flat line and see less of that, right, in this quarter. And then the second one, to your point, is we studied it to death here and it's just a super narrow set of clients again. So when we go in and look at the, call it, that 6% overall or consolidated softness and you run the distribution, you've got 1 decile that accounts for 100% of it.  It's just there's a narrow set of clients that are in super impacted -- movie theater companies, cruise line companies, you name it, we've got clients that are in super hurt businesses. And so we're seeing, again, some that aren't that impacted already coming back in April. And my -- our sense, which is kind of built a bit into our guidance, is that some of those that are still significantly down will start to rebound here in the second half. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Nothing other than it's just incredibly pocketed, I guess, is what I'd say. I did call out the U.K., but as you know, we do have broader businesses in more countries over there. We're on the continent in 4 or 5 countries. We're in Russia. We're in Australia, New Zealand. And so to me, the fascinating thing is just how different the recovery and the softness is across those 5, 6, 7 countries would be the first call out. Like Russia is kind of -- I don't know if they had COVID, is booming again. And Australia and New Zealand are celebrating. They'd rid the thing. We see huge rebounds there. The U.K., the thawing is happening here in the second quarter. The Czech is going backwards. So the first comment is it's just incredibly kind of pocketed by place.  And then the second one is really the comment I made to Tien-Tsin, which is it's incredibly, in our case, narrowly focused on a very, very small set of clients that again are causing the overall number, right, the consolidated number to be negative. And so those are the 2 things we see. And I did mention, and I think we're super surprised by the Brazil thing. Probably like others, we didn't anticipate that coming into the year that, that thing would get worse and that they would raise the restrictions and stuff. So that one, I'd say, is the one thing that's really mostly the surprise to us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, this particular situation, we have some transactions. Obviously, we announced publicly the AFEX thing at what, $450 million, Chuck, $450 million. And as I mentioned, we do have a few, call it, 3 deals that are quite late. And so the combination of those 2 things is what caused us to basically upsize the facility now. So that's kind of the short-term thing that we try to obviously prepare our liquidity situation for the pipeline that we see.  But I think longer term, we really don't think about it that way. Deals are bumpy. Sometimes you spend a lot of money in a year. Sometimes we don't spend a lot, and we'd have enormous opportunities for liquidity based on where our leverage ratio is and the cash that we generate. So we really, I think, try to think about it short term, when we see a situation where we've got some stuff lined up. And then longer term, we really just focus it, honestly, on the M&A side.  We look for super attractive things we have conviction in and then back our way into how to pay for it versus the other way around. But on your other comment, if we don't like our stock price, which obviously, there's been times we don't, we'll obviously increase liquidity and buy back shares. So again, I think the headline to you guys is we start by looking out at attractiveness of deals and how we feel about the price of our stock and then work our way back into what liquidity we need. 
Ronald F. Clarke: We're actually looking at both. We've got a couple of deals, to use your word, bolt-ons. We call them in-category, so they're transactions that fit inside the 4 or 5 categories that we articulate to you guys that we like because they're super accretive. And we've got 1 thing in particular we're looking at that's kind of an adjacent, kind of not right in the middle of those 4 or 5 and kind of midsized $0.5 billion kind of sized deal. So it's a very interesting set of things sitting in front of us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, it does, Philip. It's a good question. So the headline answer is it does. And it does because we have actual real clients. And to your point, we actually have a real software solution that we're implementing. And so if you run a company in the U.K. and have gone to some mixed fleet, you've added 20 EV vehicles and you want us to help measure and reimburse that. And we talked to you about how we're going to get paid for it. The fact that real clients are paying meaningful amounts of subscription does help equalize, to your point, the economics of this thing as this thing converts.  In addition, obviously, I try to say it a bit on the call is during this transition time, I really love our chances because it creates an advantage, right, as the company adds 10 new EV things, it's hard for anyone who doesn't already have the incumbency position and data on all the vehicles to go sell a guy some kind of phone, mobile solution or something to deal with the 10. Like why would they ever want that when we've made our card and mobile programs work at all the public EV recharging places as well as at home?  And so in a kind of a really interesting twist here, the old-fashioned fuel car guy actually has the advantage because you can't blink and change out the installed base of all the vehicles in a day without obviously flushing a lot of value. So I'd say, as this thing has manifested itself, we're feeling better and better about the economic model of the future. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, who knows, to your point, where that bill goes? But the answer is yes to your question. I mean, we saw it in spades in this last bailout, the ability of a lot of our clients to be able to pay their invoices, and we got scared and credit and found out it was one of our best collection years ever. So obviously, stimulus money does find its way back. And to your point, a large part of our business, both here and in Europe, call it, circa 30% is in various forms of construction.  So to the extent that the stimulus actually goes to that versus, I guess, some of the other things that are in the bill, it has to help us, to your point. It has to make the existing clients we have busier and obviously results in more revenue to us. So yes, it would be happy going into next year, for sure. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'd say, Trevor, it's Ron, that it's mostly the second thing. So we've got a lot of experience in the company by category of the translation of what we call new bookings or sales will start to roll call, right, the recognition of a new account. And when it converts, to your point, into in-year revenue, and that conversion rate varies a tremendous amount by the products we have.  So for example, in fuel cards, it's probably 50%. If you sold $100 million, you'd get $50 million in-year. Or Brazil, if you sold $100 million, you might get $60 million or $70 million. But if you sold corporate pay in the middle market, you might get $20 million. So the conversion rates vary tremendously by the product category. But what I would say is, clearly, we're good at math, and so we built our '21 plan and guidance anticipating good sales.  These sales were above what we did plan. But generally, that's all cooked into the plan and the guidance that we have. And so the biggest help is what I said, if we make this plan, which would be up over 30%, right? As you go into the next quarter, it's like we'll probably double Q2 sales because it was pretty low, but hopefully, be up over 30% for the full year. You've got lots of those categories like corporate pay where that revenue pours into '22. So people should listen carefully to the sales numbers, which I did try to call out. They really are an early leading indicator really of '22 revenue. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's another really good question. So again, it's super early. The data is kind of hot off the press. But what I mentioned is, selectively, we see areas where sequentially, the volumes are starting to come back to par, if you will. And even against the base period of 2019, we're seeing growth.  So just to call out one, like in our international fuel card business, for example, which we kind of break into 4 markets, the U.K., Russia, Central Europe and Australia, 3 of those, the volumes in April are higher than they were in April of '19. And the 1 that's not is Central Europe, where again, the COVID restrictions are still in place. So we're seeing same in corporate pay. We see areas like the virtual card business that's way ahead of its baseline from April. The full AP, I think, I mentioned is more than double. The cross-border business is up. So a lot of the businesses are now, in April, ahead of their '19 baseline.  There's a handful of stubborn ones that I mentioned that are more COVID-impacted like again, Central Europe, like the T&E card, which requires people like us to travel. Like the airline lodging business that we bought, it's coming back, but it's still soft against the prior period. So there's a handful 3 or 4 areas that are pretty stubborn and then 8, 10 areas that we're seeing the thing come back. So as I said, our view is we're going to see a change in same-store this quarter, Q2. And then we plan a pretty significant recovery again in Q3 and Q4, which will pour revenue and, more importantly, profit dollars into the second half. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Bob, it's Ron. It's a terrific question. We actually had our Board meeting last week and actually covered this particular subject, competing in this strange time that we're in. And I think the couple of comments I'd give you is, one, we tried to build plans to invest more -- differentially more in that business than some of our others to try to target that business closer to 20% on the top versus kind of 10%, if you will, for the consolidated company. So that's point one, that inherent in our base plans, our overall profit plan, there's incremental investment to grow faster already.  And then second, I think the conclusion that we got to coming out of the Board meeting on this is it depends on the investment. So if there's a clear investment we can make that's got an attractive return profile, we'll be back to you and the buy side with, "Hey, look, we're going to slow earnings a bit, whatever, if we think we can make some great return." But again, it's got to be a return we can execute. So hey, if it's hire 100 people, I've told you a bunch of times, that's hard to add all those people execution-wise and make it work, versus if we could pour money into the top of the funnel of the digital thing, which is one of the lot -- reasons we did this Corpay unification, that might be a basis, right, where we could spend money effectively and see good returns.  So I'd say nothing staring us in the face now. We've got lots of money, incremental capital. I think we're spending $20 million, $25 million of incremental capital above last year in IT. Half of that's in corporate pay. We're spending more in sales. And so if we got the right kind of investment, I think the answer is we would do it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It's a super business, to your point, because again, we're pretty specialized, right? We're in the workforce segment, think blue collar people that drive off and cut trees and then in the airline accommodation where we're connected literally into the airline's systems. So we know that the 2 or plus pilots are going to show up somewhere tomorrow.  So the answer is, obviously, it's recovering. It was one of those businesses hurt really the most a year ago. So we've gotten a lot of it back already in the workforce side. And I'd say we're probably half of the way back. In fact, it's the 1 area that outperformed the COVID recovery in the first quarter. For each line of business, we plan a certain amount of softness, if you will, coming back, and the airline business actually came back faster than we planned.  So I think it's on track, depending on what happens over the next couple of months, to have a huge recovery, right, in the second half. And we're selling a lot. Like I'm looking at the sales, we continue to sell a lot in that business. We've got some attractive adjacencies in the business. It's probably our highest margin business. So to your point, there's a lot to like about it, and people should keep their eyes open. We're probably going to do more of it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: David, it's Ron. It's a great question. I think if I've been repetitive on something it's been 10-13-19, 10-13-19, which is if we can grow revenues organically 10%, we can grow operating EBITDA, if you will, faster because of the operating leverage and then use the $1 billion of capital to either buy earnings or buy shares. So we've proven, I guess, Chuck, over 20 years, we've compounded, David, at over 20%.  So the reminder to you and others out there is, I think for full year calendar '18 and full year calendar '19, the business grew 10% organically in those 2 most recent years until we hit COVID here in 2020. And so my expectation is that we will be back there in -- certainly in '22. And part of it is, again, the setup is just so good in terms of the exit rate that if we get this recovery in the second half and we make the sales that we're making, the exit rate pouring into '22 will obviously be super attractive.  And then to your point, the deal we've announced and a couple we're working on will be, as I've mentioned before, quite accretive. And so it all points, I tried to say it in the thing, I think the business, because of the pain we took last year, is particularly well set up to get a good number in '22. And then what I'd say to you is we like our chances after that because we're diversifying the space, right, in the businesses, the fuel card thing chasing EV and launching, chasing new categories and getting into SMB and corporate payments. We're not sitting still just kind of twiddling the places that we're in, David.  And so I think it's -- I think we sit here more optimistic about the future because we're coming out. We're freaking coming out, finally coming out of the woods here and can kind of see the other side, and that sets up well for us. So I'd say, '22 will be better and then we like our chances after that. 
Charles Freund: Yes, Ken, this is Charles. What I'd say is that as always, we balance our investment with expenses with revenue. So as we continue to perform and grow, we'll be adding some of that expense back. We'll be reopening travel fairly soon here, so that will start to flow through, all of it, mostly to support sales and growth. And then as the volume does recover, there will be some throughput of that on the expense side and processing. 
Charles Freund: Yes. So if we're looking at that business, we should also add to Ron's comments that the sales there are also quite good. The sales were up 18% year-over-year. If we look at then the sequential growth in full AP -- just 1 second. Yes. I mean, normally, I wouldn't give out too specific but I'd say it's going up circa 15% sequentially each quarter. 
Charles Freund: Yes, I'd say our view of spreads going into Q2 sequentially is relatively flat, maybe slightly improved as fuel prices are leveling out. To your point, year-over-year, they're going to be way down. Q2 of 2020 had kind of record spreads.  In terms of the seasonality and sequential revenue within fuel, what I'd say is I'd remind you that we do have some COVID recovery planned in our forecast. So assuming that, that comes back, we should get a little bit higher than normal in terms of sequential growth in that business. But again, a lot of that recovery is still back-half focused but we have some plan for Q2. And we're seeing early, early signs in April. But as Ron mentioned, it's still early. 
