Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, really good question. So yes, particularly on the fuel, fleet side. And the thing that's interesting is that you think the higher fuel prices obviously help us from a revenue perspective, right, in terms of MDR, but they actually help in sales. So literally, there was a period the digital guys came down and we had said that, I think it was in March, the volumes, the search volumes were running about 2x kind of our normalized level of kind of inbound. So our sales in that business were super good in Q1, and we had taken up the forecast rest of year. So again, I said it repeatedly, it's the single best indicator, [ tension ] for the business, right? If we can grow compound sales somewhere in the 20s, right, when we're trying to compound revenue double-digit, obviously, that improves, right? If we get to that number and don't have COVID again, obviously, the revenue will accelerate. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Hey, Jeff, it's Ron. So I don't want to give too much away, but I would say there was an a-ha moment where we were taking stock of the assets that we're building, particularly the ability to capture, right, the EV data and then the network, the public network, getting acceptance, and the ability to settle there. And up until very recently, our whole focus has been, hey, serving basically our card fleet customers or prospective fleet customers with this. And all of a sudden, 2 or 3 other interesting customer segments liked what we have. And so that's the headline. They're non-fleet kinds of customers that need help in EV. And so the assets that we built for one purpose, we think, are pretty transferable to the other. And then, b, we've actually got a pretty interesting target sitting in our M&A pipeline that would be supportive of that, that would accelerate our move there. So the real headline is we've just opened our eyes to how to basically serve a greater set of people in the ecosystem and hopefully generate incremental revenue. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean the headline on that one is it's just so nascent. I know that you guys have some theme of, hey, the disruptor theory and there's lots of new people doing lots of new things, which is true. But I try to remind people, Jeff, that's us. We're the new guys that have less than 1% of that TAM. And it's fundamentally the banks that have most of what we call the Corporate Payments business. So it is a -- it's a massive set of payables basically to get digitized, and it's held adversely with the banks. And so it's, I think, it's a food frenzy really for all of us that are bringing something new, and I'm hopeful the other guys that are new can get something, too. But the real competition for us is the -- are the current people, the current providers. So it's super wide open for us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Hey, Sanjay, it's Ron. I would say really uncertain, right, how that ball is going to bounce. We're doing lots of things, as you can imagine, exploring everything, right, selling it, transferring it, doing all kinds of things. So ballpark, I think we're carrying circa around $300 million on our books. So to the extent that the thing were shuttered and there was now complete loss, that's kind of ballparking what the number is. So look, I don't know where it's going to go. We've obviously got some ideas of how we're running the thing differently and cutting ties obviously with the business a bit back here to the mother ship. And so it's really more of a wait and see. We're going to obviously continue to explore whether there's buyers that are interested in the business and honestly, just see how the conflict steps along here. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think it's mixed, is what I would say. Obviously, we're always working a pipeline, no different today. We've got 3 or 4 things. And I would say, as I run through those, some of them are later-stage. Some of the sellers haven't moved a lot. We point out, [ hey, you watching ] like even today some of the comp groups. And so I would say some people are just, I think, kind of staying put, maybe going to wait to see if things come back. And then I would say, [ there's ] a couple of newer things that we've negotiated, let's say, in the last couple of months. We've been able to agree to prices that we like, that work for us. So I would say, it's interesting, but it's kind of mixed. Not everybody has reset, but I think some people have. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Hey, Ramsey, it's Ron. I would say everything in there worked. The sales were good. We did get a bit of recovery in the base in that business. We talked about some of the clients getting healthier. And for sure, I don't know if we called it out before, but we have a bit of a, what we call, a multi-card business in there that's not only purchasing, but it does pick up some travel. So like others, we got some decent amount of add-back. The full AP thing is warring, was still 50%-plus up in the quarter. And despite eating a giant cross-border business, not that long ago, the cross-border business was also better than we thought. Mostly Australia, so that business originates really in 4 markets for us, but one of which is Australia. And it was, when I say in the ditch, I mean, it was super in the ditch in '21. So it's really, I would say, some fair amount of underlying health in Australia cross-border, in the multi-card business and then really just, again, super-duper sales. So kind of all working there. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think it's b, it's the opportunity side. Look, it's still super-duper early days, as you guys know. I think it's just one of those a-ha things, where you look at everything we've been doing for a couple of years. We've made a bunch of investments. We've reworked our system so that they can combine EV and combustion. And we've worked on network-building and contracts and all those kind of stuff. So we're doing all this stuff, right, in preparation of serving our clients. And then kind of out of the woodwork, a couple of non-fleet customers kind of poke their heads up and go, "Hey, we need help on this stuff." We're like, wait a minute here, why are we just trying to make a good fleet transition, why don't we take advantage of the new needs that are being created given we have these new assets and stuff? So I think it was, honestly, like shame on me, shame on us. It was a bit of a-ha moment. But as I mentioned, we've also got a deal once we had that idea a few months ago. We've found someone that's been chasing that a bit, too. And so it's a super-duper way of hedging however this goes, right? If it goes slow, which is my bet, hey, so go slow. If it goes faster, we could have something that actually goes up. In the event that our other thing ticks down, which, again, we don't think much early days, but instead of people calling in, hey, look, it's sad times for fleet. Or maybe they go, holy moly, they're going to hold on to most or all of their fleet business and they're going to be beneficiaries of something new because of what they built. So maybe people are like, wow, are you saying it could be literally a net positive? Yes. That's what I'm trying say today is. And we're obviously going to provide way more info here when it's appropriate of who those customers are and what we're going to do and why it can be upside. But I'm telling you, we're super excited about it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. And we're hearing from the people. I mean the other thing I want to make out is this isn't just Ron Clarke's brain turning alone in the night. There's actual prospective customers out there talking to us and taking on some of these things. So it's real, which is the other thing I want to make sure you hear. 
Ronald F. Clarke: What was the first part? I missed the first part of the question. Can you just repeat the question again? I missed the first part of it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Got it. So let me take the first part first, which is just sales productivity. It's numbers 1, 2 and 3 on my list and our list, right? The more we can sell from an absolute perspective and the more efficiently we can sell it obviously leads to profitable sales, profitable business. So it's a huge focus. I would say the 2 things that really help our aging, right, of our people-based assets, so as we have people in seats and people in territories long, they get more productive. So we've made huge strides with increasing the headcount in the last couple of years. So now, we're getting some benefit basically from that aging of the people side. And then on the digital side, it's a bit of a breeder reactor, right? The bigger the business gets, the smarter we get of how to match and who to put at in front of and how to bid and everything else. And so that business keeps getting better basically. We keep getting more effective at it because we keep getting smarter. As well, as you know, the Googles and stuff, index people that have successful things. So to the extent that we get better our organic portion or free portion, the digital selling gets higher. And so all of that, other than the inflation of people bidding more, is super positive. So not only are we in record production-of-sales land, we're also in a super attractive cost of sales as well. On the second part of the question, the Corpay cross-sell, I think I mentioned it in the last 90 days, we kind of paused selling the Corpay payable solution until we put the platform in. So what we started out doing, when we put the first couple thousand accounts, is we went to a Ron Clarke fuel card guy and said, "Hey, we're giving you a new way to pay us, pay your bill to us. And here it is. Oh, you like it. And oh, by the way, you can pay some other bills." And we found out it was maybe a bit too much, hey, you're moving my cheese and now I pay the bills, now you're pitching me something else. And so we decided basically to do the first thing, put the platform in, make sure people are comfortable being able to pay us on this new platform, and then go back, which we plan to do in this quarter, in Q2. So I'm hoping to have a better update for you in terms of demand and stuff when we speak next time. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Hey, it's Ron. Let me just add on one other trick that works in the fuel card business, which is we change the payment cycle. So to your point, if we're getting a lot of digital stuff and it's not screening out as well, our approval rates aren't as good, one of the things we can do is effectively, like in trucking, move it to daily, daily, or in a local business, move it to weekly, weekly, net-5. So because of the turn in that kind of business and the usage and stuff, we do have a fair number of clients that are [ unsure of ] payment terms. So obviously, that's a way to Chuck's point, to still basically bring on customers but basically minimize, if you will, to limit the losses that we could incur. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'm not sure, this is Ron, by the way, I catch the thing that you're saying, hey, how do we as a company think about and measure the cross-sell opportunity. I think we kind of run through it that we go area by area. So in fuel cards, our idea is Corporate Payments, so we sell companion cards in there. We're selling bill pay in there. In our toll business, I mentioned before, we're selling fueling. I mentioned we sold -- generated 1.7 million transactions in the quarter. We're now starting to sell insurance. In our lodging business, obviously, we've added cards that allow the same client that buys lodging to buy air or other kinds of travel. It's not lodging. And so in every -- virtually in every business we have, because we've gotten bigger and we have more products now, we're taking those related products back to the group that we have. And I guess, we could report out, Jim, if it's interesting, kind of what those sales or revenues add up to, where people are interested. But I would say we're making pretty good progress on most of them. I did say we paused the Corpay payables one to get people on the platform first. But look, we have 800,000 customers now spending hundreds of millions with us, so obviously -- hundreds of billions. So we got plenty of opportunity to sell products back. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I don't think it's anything, Pete, out of the ordinary. I would say, in the larger accounts, which we call out because we had 50,000 new accounts, that -- [ with our Board to take the rest of the call ] to run through those names. I would say that enterprise and partners, they run on cycles, they're under contract with us or someone else, and they come up. And so no, no super change, I think, in that rate. I do think there's some kind of newish or different kinds of stuff, like that Amazon thing that I mentioned, so there's some different kinds of players a bit, the same a little bit on the EV side. So that would be the one difference. I think some of the new business that's out there is just a little bit different in terms of the type of business it is. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's a good question. So I would say not a lot. So a couple of reasons. One is we already fed the army here a bit, if you will. I think we said at the beginning that we gave -- because we could get a profit target this year, more expense growth than normal, particularly in sales and IT, so one, I think our initial guide [ and other guides still a ] decent amount in it. Two is I don't love the uncertainty of 2/3 of the upside being the planet. The planet can shift around and refactor on us some. And so I don't like to spend money that I can 100% count on, so that would be number two. But with that, I would say you hit the one area. If there was one area where we would and do plan to spend a bit more, it would be in digital selling. And the reason is, you can. Unlike some of the other things that take way longer to build, right, and prepare and to get into the market, the head digital guy can walk down to my office and say, "Look, we're getting twice the things. Do you want to spend another $2 million, $3 million this month?" So because it's sales, which is great for the future, and because you can do it quickly, that would be the one area, Pete, that we would step on the gas. 
Ronald F. Clarke: But David, hey, I know you've been excited with this one. So I'll share a little bit of the forward view. So I called out 1.7 million transactions. So the guy that runs that business has a bet with me, that it will be 10 million-plus for the year. And so the thing has gone from, hey, it's an idea here, let's see how we go, to really exiting, [ even really, they're growing like weed ] during this year and exiting at some kind of crazy level. And we plan to double again next year the accepting sites. We have the same 6 million vehicles or tag holders. So it's a little too early to say mission accomplished, but that thing is really working now. 
Ronald F. Clarke: And George, it's Ron. Let me just add to that. It's all below the line, so the $100 million of kind of upside from our initial guide, right, rest of year, hey, why isn't it flowing through. At the EBITDA line, our rest of year will be up a couple of points from our Q1 print. So we will get operating leverage down there. It's all the 2 things Chuck just said. I mean it's a [ whopper ] forecast we have on interest expense. I mean who knows. But we put in, I think chuck has it in the back up there, some obviously massive increase as we run through the year in interest expense, and then a tax rate, again, that's high, I mean, on $1.3 billion or $1.4 billion of cash, PBT, every point or 2 is big. And so we're losing it in just in those 2 things. But I want to make sure with people here, that the operating leverage line, that thing is flowing through. It's going to be way better than Q1. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. You got it. So no is the answer to the first question. We provide guidance basically with a 100% delevering assumption because unless we do something, that is what we do. It's the default. So that's what's in the forward guide. I would say really unchanged. Our first course is always M&A. If we have assets that we can dramatically improve or add meaningful capabilities, that's our first and highest use of capital. But looking at the FLT stock price today, you can imagine that my interest in buying FLT stock is high. So clearly, I don't know if Chuck has put it out there, we've got $1 billion-something in our current facilities generating, whatever, a few hundred million more a quarter. So we've got, obviously, a lot of liquidity to spend. So my guess is both will happen. There will be some transactions we'll try to get done. At these prices, we are buyers of our stock. And so it's likely, if we're sitting here 9 months from today, they will have done some of both of those things. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Hey, Ken, it's Ron. It's a good question. So you're right, whatever it is, the 60% print is happiness everywhere, right? It's a deal getting into the insurance vertical. It's the recovery of our airline segment there, right, as airline travel and flights have come back. And it's also our core workforce space. Our clients have gotten healthier and done more driving kinds of travel. So all 3 happy things are happening in the base. I would say that that's, again, a high-teens business for us. If you said, "Hey, you get through this and you get to kind of some normal baseline or normal comp, the market potential is enormous in all 3 of those." Obviously, the airline business is global. We just bought a little software company that we think is going to be incredibly helpful to some of those global airline sales. So the prospects we look way harder now in taking the core workforce product and launching it in Europe. We finally have an idea of how to do that to increase the TAM. So the prospects for that thing are great. It's the lowest as [ MMC ] in the company, which means we sell new business more efficiently there than any other line of business in the company. The margins in the business are super-duper good. So we love the business. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think it's mostly b. You're right. There's more people and more products. But as you laid out, the game is distribution. And the game is networks. Just to remind everybody, the products don't work if you can't monetize, if the cards don't monetize. Otherwise, you're relegated to a software fee. And so we just love -- I've said this a million times, is we -- maybe we don't have the world's greatest, but we got a pretty good product. And we have a couple of things that the new guys, right, don't, which is kind of proven, aged, distribution, that can create pressure on the marketplace. And we've got a 10-year-old merchant network, right, that accepts these purchasing and virtual cards. And so we're able to actually process and create economics. So we still -- I still feel like we've got a big advantage in the offer, but mostly, what you said, that it's just kind of -- it's just white space. It's just lots of companies are on kind of an old, just join a kind of clunky model. And what we and other people have is certainly way better than what they're doing. And so that group will win some share. But as I mentioned, we're selling a lot. So we're winning share. So again, I hope I can make this point, but we want to be in the disruptor. We're kind of the new guy, still taking the business from kind of the old method, so we want to join these other people, basically that you guys see as disrupting, and put us in the bucket of trying to go get that business. So that's our view of it. 
Gus Galá: It's Gus stepping on for Andrew. Just as we look at the cycle and you're kind of starting to see rising bad debt expense, is that safe to assume you reflect some late fees and overdue balances? And you commented that, that kind of happens with the higher new sales. Are you seeing the bad debt expense go up because of the existing client base as well? Just parsing that out would be very helpful. 
Gus Galá: Okay. Helpful. And following up, I want to ask about the efforts to drive sales force productivity and where we are in terms of the glide path of driving cross-sell Corpay into fuel. 
Gus Galá: Yes, sorry. I just wanted to ask you guys to talk a little bit about sales force productivity and kind of where we are in the glide path of driving cross-sell Corpay into fleet. 
Charles Freund: Yes. This is Charles. So yes, bad debt came in higher, and part of that is due to fuel prices, right? So you have higher fuel prices equal higher customer balances. If they default, that's unfortunate. And then, yes, new sales tend to default at a much higher rate, right? So once we underwrite someone, if they stick with us for a couple of years, they tend to be okay. The first year though, we do see higher losses. So record sales last year and continued record sales in Q1 of this year are driving some of that. We do think as fuel prices will normalize throughout the course of the year, that bad debt will also normalize a bit down. But for this quarter, at $25.5 million, it came in a little hot. 
Charles Freund: Yes. This is Charles. So in our over-the-road business, which would deal with big trucking, like you mentioned, we see a little bit of softness in that business. When I say a little bit of, in single -- low single digits. But it's -- what we hear is related to both driver shortages as well as now, the supply chain issues, some truck and/or trailer shortages. So yes, a little bit of softness there, but nothing material. 
Charles Freund: Okay. Sure. So obviously, the benefit from the fuel pricing side, so most of the macro, you would see there. And also, in terms of the comeback in terms of COVID, we've seen a lot of that in the lodging space, which we expect will continue as pent-up demand for travel will help our airline lodging business. So we have a lot of sequential improvement expected in that business in particular. 
Charles Freund: Yes. So we are taking a look at policies and such. Generally, we'll underwrite to a full amount. And then as prices go up, folks will come and ask for increases in what we underwrite them. When we're underwriting someone new, we're looking at an amount, and if we can't cover all their volume, we do lose a bit of share of wallet in that regard. So we do watch it closely. It is an area where you can quite quickly monitor spending levels and such. So we get a good sense when someone comes on, are they good, are they performing, their fuel volumes tend to be pretty stable. And so as long as they're with us for a while, we'll feel more comfortable to kind of ride the prices up with them. But for new clients, it's pretty strict straight off the bat. There's an amount, if I can cover what you've got, great; if I can't, then we will have to share the wallet stuff in the early days. 
Charles Freund: Yes. This is Charles. So I think you're on the new client wins. I think Ron mentioned we had 50,000 in the quarter, new clients. A lot of them tend to be small, digitally acquired, a lot of them in our fuel base. When we get to the Corporate Payments arena, we do sell more in the mid-market, so as they are larger clients and such. So it does really depend on the business that you're in. In Brazil, we sell, lots of consumers, tags and such. So it depends. We are still in the main, selling individual products to a prospect. We're not really bundling yet. And that's one of the big opportunities, that Ron was mentioning it before, as around the platform. So as we build out the platform, and it has multiple products in it, once we sell it in, then people can then turn on that additional functionality. But we haven't been doing that as of late. So a lot of the new wins that you're seeing is really a function of just better sales performance and a lot coming through digital channels. 
Charles Freund: Yes. I think if you were to look at even in our exhibits to the financials, you'll see the 18% growth in tolls, 5% tag growth, and then our revenue per tag is up 12. And so part of that is pricing adjustments we make. Some of that is inflation in the country, which we can pass on to the cardholders. And a little bit of it is some of the MDR that we're getting from some of these non-toll-related purchases, like parking or fast food or fuel. It's still a fairly small piece. But as we build out, particularly the fuel network, we expect it to be much more in the next couple of years. 
Charles Freund: Yes, so you hit the nail in the head. Definitely, interest expense will be going up. The other one is our tax rate. So in the first half of this year, we are still getting some benefit from stock option exercises of some very low-priced stock options that are actually expiring in Q2. So we don't see that we'll get that benefit in the second half. And so that, of course, changed the flow-through. 
Charles Freund: Yes. So we gave kind of a forward curve on fuel prices. Let me give you the forward curve that we're using for the interest expense. We're looking at LIBOR equivalent of 83 bps in Q2, 159 bps in Q3 and 221 bps in Q4. 
Charles Freund: I would say, in terms of volumes, we've seen more of a recovery in Europe because they were more in the ditch, and we've seen a bit of a bounce back also in Australia with fuel volumes. But going forward, we don't have a lot of COVID-related recovery, so it would follow kind of normal seasonality. And the fuel prices assumptions as we outlined them, they really don't change anything in terms of our volume. It will change demand for the product, as Ron mentioned, digitally. But our customers have to drive for work or they have to make the deliveries, they have to make the service calls, et cetera, et cetera. So the pricing doesn't really matter. But yes, volumes should fall kind of in a normal seasonal course. 
