Ronald F. Clarke: Darrin, thanks. So on the first one, I think we're still kind of in the 5% to 8% kind of target range based on what we elect to invest. Some of the overperformance recently is literally the COVID recovery kind of [ climb ] back from the [ debts ] there in 2020. So I think we're probably mostly unchanged because we've got a lot of the businesses to feed and investments to make that we're kind of happy in that mid- to high single digits. So that's our target. On the add-ons, I'd still say still early days. We're still struggling with where in the base, right? We've got a couple of hundred thousand clients we should target. So I think I mentioned initially we were thinking, hey, we'll go to where the bulk is down market and then realize most of the spend is in the larger accounts there, which we get after different distribution. So I'd say we're still testing some different ways to do that but have the goal of the company to turn the fuel card business, as I said, into our corporate payments business. So work in process. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So on the first one, I'd say, we're kind of halfway through, Darrin, the '23 budget cycle. So we've worked on revenue, obviously, harder than the expense and the profit side. So as I said, it's a mix of the different business lines, fuel, lodging, Brazil and corporate payments have different growth rates to kind of weight themselves to 10%. That is an organic number, although the print at this point looks pretty similar because we have some pro forma revenue kind of rolling forward, right, from '22 to '23 offset by what we think could be some macro headwinds, particularly FX. So at this point, year-to-date, not a big difference between organic and print. And then on the bottom, again, I think the thing we can control is really the operating margin. So we're doing a lot of work on metering the OpEx so that we can grow kind of EBITDA margins, 200 or 300 bps next year. So call it, I don't know, we're coming on, I think, around 52-ish this year that we try to get that up a couple of points. And then the wild card is really the below the line after today's Fed call, I'm not sure how encouraged or not any of us should be. But wherever that number flies to and then descends and then obviously, the FX, particularly the pound. So that's really the wait and see. So we're just trying to give a rough super early days view, obviously, hopefully, all us will know a bunch more in 90 days. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Ramsey, it's Ron. So yes, both good questions. So on the first one, it obviously depends on the FX, the kind of ballpark gets $100 million-ish, little bit more in revenue at kind of a 75% EBITDA margin, again, kind of where the FX is today. And yes, we haven't done anything in terms of taking it out although, of course, we've looked at models where we sell it for X and we use that cash to buy back, which really manages obviously the dilution as we look into next year. So we'll certainly keep you guys apprised. We're kind of live out shopping the thing now. So we'll keep you posted. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. On the first one, we're clearly on some kind of glide path, right, the things in the sense so a guess would be a couple of months -- 2, 3 months, depending on how the [ chitchat ] goes and when the court gets back involved if they do. So that would be my guess. On the impact, yes, there's nothing either in their order, which the judge said no to or really anything we're contemplating because it's disclosure based, again, Ramsey, right? It's not, hey, we can't charge something or we can't sign up a customer or whatever. And so the good news is, we've done a bunch of things and had a chance to see. And obviously, we're reporting those changes are embedded right in the results we're putting out. So again, there's nothing we can see that would have any material go-forward impact. So probably like you and others on the call, we mostly just want to get on the other side. We've repeatedly said just be specific, tell us what it is that makes everyone happy and we're happy to do it. And so we've done a lot of that.  And again, it's had little to no impact. I mean when you can sign up 96% of a couple of hundred thousand customers to say they want to continue affirmatively with your program, and you've given them the biggest Ts and Cs in boxes that you have, it makes me feel pretty confident that we've been straight ahead with people. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Sanjay. I think to your point, there has been some -- a bit of a reset in the last few months. And you could see by what we've announced in this quarter that -- when we started the process, we focused on these capability things because no matter what the price is they're about capabilities, and they're not large amounts of absolute money. We do have a couple of, what I'll call, more traditional kind of FLEETCOR in the wheelhouse deals that seem to be in ranges that we like that we can transact at.  And then second, I think, let's see how the thing plays out. As you know, people move their valuation aspirations with time. And so to the extent that people wait and stuff doesn't trade, we think there could be even a further reset next year because right some people are getting squeezed these days. So we're optimistic that things will get better, and we can go back to targeting some larger deals. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's the net number, too, Sanjay, right? There's kind of gross interest expense, and then we've got a bunch of cash at high rates. So to Alissa's point, the gross numbers significantly larger, probably comes down 20% or 25% with the cash that we have offsetting it. But look, it is a total swag route. We're sitting here like you guys trying to guess what the next 14 months are going to be. And we don't know. So we just said, hey, we'll take what we're hearing. We'll kind of run the math that way, and will be a lot higher when we talk again. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's a really good question, Andrew. So I'd say that the target that we like to see in the company is 55%. Again, I think we'll pencil around 52% this year. But that thing moves around based on things we buy, right, that run lower margins or weirdo stuff like COVID that crushes revenue quickly and stuff. But I'd say our running internal targets closer to 55%.  In terms of next year, I think the 2 things you picked up. One is, we knew this was going to be a half a year. I mean, we're going to, I think, be about $0.70 higher than we told in February. I don't know if anyone's applauding, but I consider that good news to do better than we said. And so because we saw that, we kind of opened the spicket. We let people work to your point on some additional projects. We tested some additional things. We staffed up in areas we spend, I'd say, money that we could afford to kind of make the targets that we run the company on. So when I see the world tightening, the answer is, we'll be a little bit more approval, a little bit more selective to use your word. And I think the big thing is really around our view of the economy and the credit environment, particularly around the digital side, like you said, because that's where the sales growth, if you will, versus the credit risk are supercorrelated.  So my guess is we'll kind of enter the thing a bit cautious, kind of cut a little bit of the tail at the bottom. I would initially maybe not try to grow that thing in the low to mid-20%, but maybe 3 to 5 points lower and see how it goes. So it would be just a little bit of a guide on kind of overall OpEx and a little bit of caution around the micro selling and related credit risk. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I think it's high teens to 20%. To your point, we have some favorable comps. We've got a segment in there for airlines, which are obviously in the ditch. So some of it is that. But we're just -- all parts of that business are kind of going great. We're selling a lot in all 3 of them. We bought a new software front end for that airline business and airlines are looking to get added in-house work and stuff. So we have the best network, the best rates to offer the different clients that we have. And so between the scale and the selling machine that we have there and the product, they're pretty specialized offering. So there's not lots of other players that can offer really what we do both the convenience and the pricing. So I'd say it's in the high teens to 20% on a normalized basis. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I think I kind of covered, Sheriq, this comment a bit before, but I'd say it's still a work in process. I think it's my summary that we went headlong into the thing targeting the smaller clients that we have because we have so many of them. And as we get into the thing, we got clear that corporate payments turns on spend, not on client count and that about 5,000 of our clients have about half of all the spend, all the purchasing. So we've gone back and targeted those. We have some of our blue-suited salespeople going into our biggest dual card accounts now and selling corporate payments, but we're still trying to figure out, is there a scene, is there a different place inside of our fuel card client base where we can bring corporate payments offerings. So I think a lot of this is like anything that's new. We're learning. We're trying to figure out what the sweet spot is among the super big base and what the product is that fits that sweet spot. So we haven't given up, still work in process. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Pete, it's good to hear from me. So that one, I think, for Sheriq's question a minute ago was one that's working, I think we're at about 20% now of the revenue there and what we call Beyond Toll, parking, fuel. We've also gotten some super early traction on insurance right, where this vehicle mobility company with millions of customers and so offering insurance that centers around the vehicle and stuff has been a pretty good uptake. And so it's going well. The fuel number, which I said is exiting, we think around [ $10 million ] annualized exactly as we thought is kind of correlated to the number of sites. So as we add additional sites that basically can read the tag conveniently low and the old [ transgrow ] because more people use the thing. So we built a plan to continue that, take it up by another 25% or 30% next year. So look, the goal would be kind of over the next 2 or 3 years that, that stuff is in the 40% kind of range on top of the core business. And we continue to add -- I mean if there was -- it reminds me of coke here in the U.S. if there was another way to sell a toll tag in Brazil, we know it's like we sell it. In stores, we sell with hangs, things in stores. We sell it at toll booths. We sell it through car makers. We sell it through insurance guys. We sell literally every way that you can get a toll tag to market, we're doing -- selling way over 1 million new ones per year. And so it's a business that despite the competitive set up changing a lot is still performing great for us. Super happy with it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. No, that's a really good question. They're super related to your point, if you think about, particularly on the digital side, just raw demand, Google counting how many people key in fuel card. You hit it on the head back in the spring or early summer at the peak, that thing was up a lot, right, that inbound demand. But remember, we still sell, I don't know, 40%, 45% of the business nondigitally and some amount -- a decent amount of our digital is us targeting accounts. So I'd say it's down some from the peak although the peak reside than we've seen before at an [ edgy path ]. The only thing I'd said back is even at today's current price over the last, call it, whatever, 5 or 7 years, this is still at a super high level. So I'd say, yes, down a bit from the peak, but still -- is still pretty robust. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Jeff, this is Ron. Let me just jump on what Alissa said, obviously, mix continues to help us right. We've overrotated to SMB. So we get sequential rate happy just from the mix because we get more rate on smaller accounts than big. But on the macro question, I'd say, who knows. I'd say it seems you guys are sitting on the planet with me, it's crazy kind of volatile, not only the things for us like fuel prices, but clearly, FX volatility is super high this year. I don't even want to mention interest rate volatility. And so the question is, in 90 days when we get to kind of locking down, finalizing our plan, will the forward view be any clearer, will there be messaging that, that thing is going to stabilize some. And so that's my answer to you to the extent that the big macro things seem like the volatility is slowing, we'll probably use kind of some traditional range. And to the extent that those macro things have a bigger bait around them, then yes, we probably would have something wider to let you know how those things affect us. But I said a million times, like we run the company here forever. And we're going to run the company to generate growing revenue and growing certainly EBITDA profits faster and the below the line stuff will come and go. No one's clapping that I can hear that the macro is at our back, and we have $0.70 more, $100 million -- $150 million more in revenue. No one's clapping, understand the other way. So we just -- our game is we just power through it.  And look, it can't go up forever. If interest rates go up, the cost goes up to $300 million -- and actually it was going to $500 million in '24, maybe they're going to add a $250 million. And so as long as we can keep compounding the top and the EBITDA line, [ 10 and 13 ] we're going to deliver mid- to high teens EPS over the forecast period. So I'd say we just don't see any of these variables continuing to rise sequentially year-over-year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a good question. Thanks for that. So the Roomex business, first of all, is really a copycat of our U.S., what we call workforce. If you think about a lot of the blue collar people to travel for work. That's kind of what that Roomex thing is. So we were delighted to identify someone that does kind of the same thing. So it's really a U.K. business today. It's got a little bit, I can't remember, 5% maybe of its business in Germany. So the majority of it is in the U.K., which is our second largest market, which was interesting to us. And so yes, the idea there is, hey, they've got assets that sit in the U.K., they've got a lodging network that's attractive. They have sales, they have ops, they have tech that runs there. And we have a ton of clients, as you can imagine, like tons of clients and actually a fair number of kind of midsized  and enterprise clients there. So the idea is, hey, we know this business super well. It's in a market that we've got a good position so we can accelerate it and it's a good business on its own. It's got a good group of people.  So it's really just like our fuel card business or other businesses. We're a global player. We have a business that looks exactly like a business we have, and it's in another country that we can understand then we go there. We liked the price back to someone's question earlier about M&A valuations, I think was a reasonable price for both sides, which is why the trade works. So yes, it will certainly accelerate and it kind of sets us up to make a business with bigger TAM that we can understand. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Bob, it's good to hear your voice and that you're up and at 'em here, so good to hear from you. We don't really plan the margin expansion really by lines of business. The discretionary monies that are big in our company are sales and IT. And so that's how we think about it. For us to boost EBITDA margins 200 basis points will just kind of flatten out a little bit, not grow as fast some of the sales investment and IT. And people may say, "Oh, how is that going to work? Well, when you make a pretty big investment incrementally like we did this year, you pick up the productivity really in the forward years, right, because you've hired new people or you've got new leads in the pipeline. And so some of the investments -- incremental investments we made in '22 will kind of roll in, we'll pour into '23. So we've got a decent game plan of OpEx that will service the business we have and meet the growth targets. And again, because we spent a bit more this year, that's kind of helpful to us for next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Matt, like you, I know it's your favorite. I mean, it's hard not to like what we call our corporate payments business just because of the enormity. The market we -- if you guys -- you may get a kick out of the story, but I moved a guy that ran -- who still runs our international fleet business to run our old business. So he's here, and I'm talking to them the other night, so we get on the corporate payments, cheese he says, I never understood like what a mess the U.S. is, all this paper and trying to pay from. And so like I think as we live here, we don't even think about it, that it's just the opportunity there to make that just a gigantic business. It's -- in our prelims it's closing in on $1 billion next year, and we spent -- no one knows this better than you a couple of years getting all the puzzle pieces together so that we've got kind of a full suite of stuff. And so I just think that the potential is so big and the competition, even though you and others keep talking about -- [ friggin ] fintechs, I tell you the whole market is banks and Amex, and we're winning. That's where 90% of our business comes from. And so we -- we just like the chances to bring what we have at great sales again in Q3, record sales. And so that's the business that will be dramatically bigger in the next few years. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Ken, it's Ron. Yes, on the first one. We haven't sold a business, so it's still part of our planning, although again, the idea that we have would be to take the cash from the sale and obviously, the retained earnings that we have sitting there. And if our stock stays at this price, so obviously buy a lot of it, which will compress the dilution. In terms of the proceeds, it's how we're going to set it up with a buyer. The buyer is going to have to basically be able to pay us outside of there. So it's one of the kind of the conditions of the buyers that we're looking at. So we do have a way basically depending on who the buyer is for them to be able to pay us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's another super good question. So kind of a 2-part question. The first one is really scale, right, trying to make that business in some of the pieces dramatically bigger. So like all of our businesses, it's got a lot of fixed cost, call it, 40% to 50% of the cost structure of that business is fixed. So clearly, the incremental margins are better. And then it's really just the trade for growth, like we -- it's not a hard math for you guys, if you want to grow something at 20% versus 10% or 8%, you have to spend more money, right, to grow it faster. And so that's really the second part of it is, given the TAM, given the size of the opportunity, we'll probably continue to overinvest and run, that EBITDA margin is a bit lower than the line average. But again, it's because we're setting it up to grow faster. It's not a reason -- just there's nothing structurally. In other words, if you said to me, that thing gets to $1.5 billion or $2 billion, and I want to take the growth rate down on the line average, there's nothing structurally that would stop us from having that business look an awful lot like the rest of our line average businesses. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Good question, John. Yes, is the short answer. So I think we hope we reported this, but I think we have to, call it, [ 25, 25, 35, 35 ] is kind of a guesstimate at the full year credit loss number. And so when we saw the thing the forwards, the roll rates get a bit worse, we did tighten the new account selling. So we have 2 kinds of credit; one is, hey, who are we going to take in. We used to take in 10 people, 10 companies, now we're going to take in 8, so we're going to cut the tail off.  And then the second one is really credit lines, right for customers that we have, right? If we're willing to give you more credit to buy more things, we can get more revenue. So that's the one that we're looking at pulling back selectively kind of in certain areas. So we've done it on new. We haven't done it yet on existing and partly because we have much better information, right? The underwriting is much better on our existing customers because we have all that payment history on them. So that's a key thing for us to watch is really the trade. Remember, probably about half of all of our credit losses, whatever 25, 25, 35, 35 as up to whatever, $120 million, $130 million, half of that, John, is basically tied to new business. right, which is a way high number versus the base. So that's the place that we always start. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I want to make sure people clear. It's super early days. We're doing what we call the envelope work of framing what an envelope is. So we're far from done. But I think the biggest difference to what you said is that the sales investment and the nature of the sales investment has a huge impact on the bad debt on a forward basis. So the easiest way for us to improve profitability in 2023 would slow or cut the tail, certainly in the digital micro accounts and keep all that bad debt out of our P&L. So that's the most logical place. But yes, it's not far off what you're saying that the exit rate of our OpEx will obviously grow probably low single digits. And then what you said, it depends obviously were fuel prices. But remember, that also ties, it's correlated to bad debt. right? So one of the reasons our bad debt is higher again is our fuel price was higher here in 2022. If the fuel price is lower, by definition, the bad debt will be lower. So look, lots of these variables move together. And my messaging is just to tell everybody that we're going to run the business kind of macro constant and then open our eyes to what the macro is and make OpEx and capital allocation pivots based on what we see. And what we're seeing now is we're probably going to slow the OpEx. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I'll jump on that in to listen. I think you named kind of most of them. I'm sure it's -- whatever you're saying, kind of plus or minus $10 million on whatever, $900 million. So it's not a material kind of number. But those are it. It's kind of a flip flopping this year versus last. Back last year, there was some huge late gift orders because retailers are out of stock from being careful. And so that number was a pretty big whopper number, if I remember, in Q4 last year. And this year, they said, "hey, we getting ready sooner" and so put tons of orders in earlier. And then what you said, we're running at, I don't know, $4.30-or-something fuel price, which has ticked down, obviously, from Q2 to Q3 and then into Q4, which takes them off the talk. But then again, it helps expenses. As I said earlier, both borrowings and bad debt. So the biggest thing is just the normal seasonality. What you said if we look at the last, whatever years you cleaned up, pro forma acquisitions or stuff, 2 or 3 of our business is soft in a fair amount, which is less workdays in the fourth quarter, both here and abroad. And so it's just -- it's really just that, that Q4 and Q1 are just less workdays or softer. And Q2 and Q3 are higher. And so there's not -- there's really nothing like super-duper going on, like as we model the thing to embed the guidance here, I would say there's nothing else that sticks out. 
Ronald F. Clarke: I mean just for you guys, like I don't how you see this, but hey, we're kind of saying put in the second half, the revenue for second half is a bit higher than we said 90 days ago, and I guess the profits are the same. I said before, our macro was off by $8 million, the runway interest expenses, whatever, $20 million higher. So underneath the hood, we've been able to do some things to make the thing work. So the trend and the performance, again, separate from the macro, my message would be a pretty good kind of as good or better than we thought 90 days ago. So we're not seeing any kind of blinking red lights yet. And like all the questions on this call, the profitability a lot will turn on where those macro things land in glidepath next year. But I just do want to remind people that like to own stock for more than a week that what comes up, does come down and things don't keep going up for multiple years in a row. And so don't forget, the [ figure ] went up this year, right, in 2022, fuel prices went up, interest rates are going to be -- started obviously lower. And so these things will move again. I just don't think we've ever seen volatility like this, honestly. The amount of movement in some of these factors in the time frame that they've moved. That's what seems strange to us. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Another good question. I'd say it will hold up well. And the reason is COVID is -- was a bizarre macro thing, right, keeping people at home. And so it picked off hard companies, cruise ships companies that made a living working, so we had some punishing set of clients. The great news about the corporate payments business is the majority of the payments are locked. I think rents in IT services companies mostly can't get out of the AP that's in front of them, even if their own situation softens some. And then, b, you heard again today, there's inflation, which rolled into obviously, company spend. And so I'd say of all the businesses, that went ought to hold up well because the spend is pretty fixed and will likely go up. And then on the cross-border side, I think you hit it, FX volatility, a little bit like high fuel prices creates greater interest in FX management.  And so  to the extent that different countries have differential plans on interest rates, which triggers FX volatility, that should be helpful to that business, which we're seeing now. So all in all, I'd say, we like the chances for the business next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Andrew, it's Ron. That's a good question. I would say that we've done a lot of the positioning work literally last year and this year. If you look at the beyond strategies of building out what segments we can play in like our Corpay One business for SMB and corporate payments or the lodging thing being international or the front end of our mid-market corporate payments business with a process AP automation tools. So I think we really assembled like a lot of products and a lot of capability so that those TAMs are bigger, and that's the sales and revenue we can chase are bigger. I think we're kind of ready to pivot back to more of the wheelhouse scale base, let's buy stuff, we can run better sets of businesses. I'm not saying that we won't do more if there's probably some more stuff around EV that we're snipping that's still in that kind of capability thing. We want to be super good there, already there. But that would be the thing. Any 1 of the 2 or 3 main businesses, corporate pay and lodging for sure, where we could get wheelhouse deals that are larger and accretive would be the #1 preference. 
Ronald F. Clarke: No, it's a good follow-up. It's one of the things, one of the models that we know well that caused us -- allowed us -- allowed me to pull the trigger on an EV business that it was consumer-centric. And what we realize there's no credit risk. It's really a network play, building a super duper EV network it's advantage it sounded a lot like the toll. So I think the biggest translation is partners could help. So if you think about the consumer business in Brazil, yes, there's a lot of direct capability, having hundreds of people stand at toll booths or in malls or kiosks and stuff. But the partner model that our Brazil guys have built, every Nissan car with a toll tag when you come in at 2 of the largest banks, reselling our stuff at a 40 million accounts that model of OEMs that make EV cars aren't going to be EV cars unless the existing or new EV manufacturers make them, and same with CPOs, there's not going to be any cars that people can't recharge them. And so those 2 partners, the light went on for us, "Oh my gosh, we can build a consumer business kind of B2B2C by working through these partners and they're going to embrace us. So that's kind of the thinking and that's the feedback we've had from talking to those various groups. So it allows us to basically getting in our gun sites, a new extension for our company without doing some were Super Bowl ad, right, to try to get to consumers. So that's the thing that we like about it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, James, it's Ron. The answer is it depends, right? Our capital allocation priorities, I think, are unchanged. We start with deals because they position the company and most of the ones we do create accretion. So that's been obviously number one. But it depends really on our stock price. Obviously, the stock price were buyers with a better company to buy than people shop and be companies for higher multiples. And so if our price is at these levels, I think we're probably leading to buying more stock back mostly because of what I said that we've gotten so many of the positioning or extension, the strategic deals, if you will, kind of behind us. We kind of have the set of things we need to run the company. So at today's stock price, I'd say, we're probably more buyers of our stock than something else. At higher stock prices probably, the pendulum swings back a bit the other way. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's a super good point. It's most of it, right? So higher fuel prices, right, create more total spend. So the loss event is higher, right, 100 gallons at $5 instead of 100 gallons of $3. And then second it attracts more fraud, right? You get targeted more by criminals, again, when the price is higher.  So really, the question is, if that normalizes, those 2 things should improve. And then it really swings over to just the economic health, right, of clients and prospects for us. Do they remain healthy and able to repay and stuff? And so that's the open question, I think. We're not seeing a lot of that. If we look at our distributions, the higher quality accounts are repaying, the roll rate problems like always are in the more credit challenged group. So it should reset if fuel prices stay at this level or smidge down, both fraud and overall loss levels will decline. 
Alissa Vickery: And I'll just add. This is Alissa. The specifics around Russia have been included in our 10-Q disclosures previously as well in terms of sizing. 
Alissa Vickery: So Sanjay, it's Alissa. So on the interest side, I think you're asking about going into '23. So everybody in the world seems to know that Fed Funds target rates have just skyrocketed. We'll close out the year somewhere around 3.75%. As a reminder, we all started around 0. And then going into 2023, targeting somewhere around 4.5% to 5% for the year. And so we're really out looking at interest expense probably around $300 million plus. So maybe I would take our number and multiply it by 2 and you're probably in the ballpark. 
Alissa Vickery: All right. Jeff, it's Alissa. So in terms of fuel price assumptions going into next year, we basically left next year consistent with the current period. So we've assumed fuel prices in the range of $4.37 or so with a little bit of downside on the spreads. In terms of your question on rev per trans, I think our intent is generally to always have a nice balance between volume and rate to the extent that there's incremental products being offered. And so now I would say that we would continue to expect that to be a balanced approach. 
Alissa Vickery: Mihir, it's Alissa. So, yes, it would include any benefit that we're getting off of the deposits that are in Russia certainly on the income side. We don't really have any expense -- interest expense in that region. So it's really... 
Alissa Vickery: It's Alissa. I'll just add on to that a little bit. We talked about it earlier in the call that interest expense really is significantly worse than where -- I think we all projected even from the Fed's perspective back in July when we were getting our previous guidance. And so that is a big headwind going into the fourth quarter. 
