Eric R. Dey: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now, everyone should have access to our third quarter press release. It can be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share and EBITDA. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies’ similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliation of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today's press release and on our website as previously described. Also, we are providing 2014 and preliminary 2015 guidance on a non-GAAP basis. Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2014 and 2015 guidance, new products and fee initiatives, and expectations regarding business development and acquisitions. They are not guarantees of future performance, and therefore, you should not put undue reliance on them. These results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today's press release and Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Others are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website as previously described and at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric R. Dey: I don't have it in front of me, but I'd say probably our model for next year is high-20s, maybe 30% in revenue at constant fuel price. 
Eric R. Dey: Yes. David, yes, we haven't really quantified that at this time. I mean, as you know, we haven't closed the acquisition yet. And we do believe we'll probably close that transaction before or around December 1. So we'll have obviously a lot more to talk about on the Q4 earnings call, and we can have a discussion about that more then. 
Eric R. Dey: Phil, this is Eric. I would say first, our business there is being impacted somewhat by the economy and the election that was taking place, so I'd say some of our volumes are softer than what we originally anticipated. But what I would say in addition to that is we're still very, very bullish on the prospects of that geography. We've got a bunch of new products that are in the beginning stages of being rolled out. We partnered with a company called Good Card last year, and we're now going to be reselling what is the #1 small to mid-sized fleet card in Brazil. We also partnered with a company called Edenred, and we're going to be cross-selling their food card products as well to our own customer base. We're also in the process of finalizing the rollout of a new national toll tag technology, so that hopefully will be ready to be rolled out as we get into the first quarter next year. So I would say it's a couple of things: one is, the economy is a little bit softer than we had originally anticipated, impacting our volumes; but we're kind of well-positioned as we move forward kind of into the next year and the years beyond with a bunch of new products that we're going to help to grow much bigger business down in that geography over time. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Ramsey, it's Ron. They'll go down slightly. Comdata is in the kind of 15% affected by fuel price, and I think our number is right around 20%. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Not yet. We, again, we don't own the company so I'd say we'd done some additional evaluation work and kind of prepping things but not much progress on that. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. The latter. Again, it's a good business, Ramsey. For us, it's a fit question about, we're good at what we're good at. So if people like it more than we do, then we would unload it, and if not, we'll work with it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. They'll be incremental, so our early plan is in the kind of 4 to 5 additional markets next year in '15. And if you think about it, there's separate from the platform, there's conversion. You got to go into the specific market and convert data. There's incremental staffing to handle, those languages, those services and stuff. So I'd say that we've modeled the thing probably at a push. It will probably add $4 million to $5 million of incremental revenue and probably cost us about the same next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. David, it's Ron. So kind of 2 things. One, I'd say, again, that it's some mix. When we started that product, we started up by selling kind of more in the middle market, where we get lower fees, and we're selling a pile of that. So we're selling more smaller accounts, where we kind of get more fees. So the first one, I think, is mix. And then second, we've added a few transaction fees selectively, so we've done a little bit of rate work as well. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Again, I'd say, as we've commented before, it's really, David, across the board. Our -- that new product that we talked about that's kind of targeted at kind of the middle-sized traveler group is off on a tear. And then our small account, we call it CheckINN Direct, that thing is, again, just -- we're just selling a pile of it. So I'd say the best thing about that business is it's growing the right way, which is demand for it, and we're selling a lot of it. So again, we modeled that thing to be up plus 20% again next year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: The way we think about this thing, David, it's probably like the banks. So you think about the Chase, the BofA, the Wells Fargo guys, they have a primary network, let's say, MasterCard, but they keep Visa for 10% or 20%. And then they package the products in terms of offers and marketing in certain ways, and they keep both guys because it helps them obviously negotiate. I'd say, that's exactly how we think about it. We think about the product as another very good alternative that fundamentally works the same way as the same universal network. We'll package, market and price it basically the same way, and we've already been doing that. We've got a large number of our sales people selling it. So for us, again, it's good to have that option, that alternative. Again, it mutes interchange risk, pricing risk from MasterCard, so we like having it. And depending on how those couple of guys play with us, we'll move either more volume one way or the other. But customers like it, I'd say, probably about the same as they do the MasterCard product. 
Ronald F. Clarke: That's a great question. It's funny. We literally, last week, went live in what we call our customer pilot, and I'll make up the number, but call it, 100 of our existing accounts went live last week with the product, and I saw some of the email stream, which is good. A few people going, "Wow. Finally, an easy card to use." Because it works like the consumer card. So that thing is officially live and out of the blocks, and we'll start converting large group of accounts probably in Q1. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. David, it's Ron. So the answer to that is no, we haven't planned it. As you know, spreads come about due to volatility. You have to -- the fuel prices have to move basically to create spreads going one way or the other. And so the worst situation for us would be low fuel prices just staying low, nothing happening. And what that would cause is we'd lose on the business models that are sensitive to absolute fuel price, and we'd probably run kind of what we call average market spreads, and so it's the volatility price, that's seesawing up and down, that create the spread opportunity. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Smitty, I'd say we're getting a bit smarter. Our original thesis is we like the space, right? Because it nests so close to what we do, and I think we've learned a lot since we acquired the NexTraq business about a year ago, so there's been a lot of learnings about -- as the value in our customer relationships or as the value in our sales relationships. And so for example, on that one, we've learned that the sales and the money we spend and the contacts we make and the window that those people are in, is actually more valuable to help them sell telematics than "cross-selling" to our existing customers. So I guess I'd say that we're still in the evaluation phase of the business in terms of deciding whether we want to play in it in a big way or not. But I would add that we're delighted with the -- this NexTraq company that we bought. The numbers are up. The profits are up, what? 3x. 
Ronald F. Clarke: 3x, I'd say over the quarter a year ago, and the thing is performing well. There's good growth, much better profitability. So I'd say from the one that we own, although it's not very big, we like what we see so far. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So the 2 big GFN or processing deals we announced was Caltex in Australia and then 5 or 6 markets for Chevron in Asia. We got a big relationship with Chevron here in North America. And the target date for both of those projects is basically go-live next summer. So we are in the middle of kind of customizing our product to meet the specific requirements of those clients and dialoguing with them. And as we get into the early spring, we'll get into the testing and the training and stuff. So I'd say we're kind of halfway through those projects and are on track to go live next summer. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I think the short answer is it's just getting closer, right? So when you're doing diligence with a company and requesting data, we're kind of math guys at FleetCor so we kind of -- we have a bunch of ideas, and we did what we did. But once we signed definitive documents and got -- working closer with their people, we get into, I'll call it, another level of detail, and we've kind of done this before. So I'd say that the ideas we have, the fact base we have, gives us just higher confidence that we can do things and get the money that we planned. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I'd say it's both. I mean, the issue for us on the cost side is really going to be timing, so we've obviously identified the low hanging fruit, the things that are clearly overlapping that are easy. But some large amount, I'll say, 1/3 of all Comdata's spending is around the technology area, which is a big number and a much bigger number than at FleetCor. And so the systems planning and the systems integration part of this thing and the vendors around IT are a bigger part of that cost takeout equation. So I'd say the cycle time on that is going to be longer, so we'll take some of the cost money kind of right away, and then I'd say the IT timing is still not certain yet. 
Ronald F. Clarke: So we -- our target, Jim, again, is to kind of invest $500 million a year on average, $1.5 billion over the forecast. So we've got money even at the close of this thing to chase these things down in the pipeline. So I'd say we're probably in the same place that we normally are. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, I would say there's probably not a lot of that. Again, we're still kind of in the testing mode on the cross-sell. I think it's just, fundamentally, a kind of healthy asset. So in the U.S., the Mastercard thing we quoted the numbers has grown crazy. We brought online. We think we told you a bunch of new partners that finally contributed to revenue that hadn't shown up before. I mentioned the NexTraq thing. We like that's grown high-double digits since we bought it. The CLC thing is rocking. So all the U.S. businesses, it's not really about cross-sell. They're just healthy. Some of the new things we bought like the Epyx business is way up. We put a bunch of programs in that. Our Mexico business is way up. So I think, generally, our Down Under businesses are way up. So I think it's more just the programs that we have in place and the sales that we have in place are just basically working in the businesses, and then we just got a couple of headwinds. Russia is not great because of the environment, and Brazil is not as great with their economy, and the Czech business. So we got 2 or 3 places that are kind of soft mostly because of the environment. But I'd say the rest of them, Jim, are just -- they're just working. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Phil, it's Ron. I'd say we're probably early innings. We've got some conversations going on both here in the U.S. and Canada, and we've got some conversations going on in Europe. But I'd say we're early in a lot of those. I think some of these conversations, particularly the Europe ones have come as a result of the Shell and the Exxon announcements in the last year or 2. So I'd say nothing imminent, but again, I think more of the oil companies are taking notice of this outsourcing idea, and I think frankly, waiting for the kind of news that we're reporting today on the Germany, for example, that we've gone into a country and it's been quiet and it's worked and all that, so -- but more proof that outsourcing is good for these clients, I think, is what the doctor ordered. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, the first thing I'd say, Phil, is that it's still early days here at whatever we are. Late October, we actually start what we call pass 2 of budgets next week, so ask me a different day. But I'd say the early view is yes, so in our early passes here, we could reconfirm with you that our global organic target is in constant FX, in constant fuel price, which is how we set the thing up at the 10% or 10% plus. So we feel good about the overall health. And I think one of the questions for us in the budget process is do we want to -- what do we want to do on the expense and the investment side? Do we want to spend more money in IT and more money in sales, particularly behind some of these Europe markets and some of our new cards there and same in Brazil? We like the business we have, okay, but I love the product line that we -- this new product line. So I think one of the big open questions for us communicating with you guys again is: are we going to spend any money? Or are we going to continue to kind of run at these margins? And also there's a wildcard here, obviously, on the FX and the fuel price. This is almost a 30-day phenomenon, right, in terms of what's happened to both of those metrics, so I'd say we're like you. We're watching both of those pretty closely. 
