Ronald F. Clarke: Pete, good question. I'd say, looser. So the model that we've used has gotten a bit better over the last 12 months. And I think I called out credit losses coming in literally about half of the prior year. So I'd say we're going to kind of open this ticket carefully. And then second, again, that we're pointing to larger prospects with generally a better credit. So I guess we have the full year plan just a smidge lower than full year '23, but it should help on the revenue side. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Another good question. Glad to be back at kind of the basic, buying companies. So the primary focus, Pete, is on Corporate Payments. So we've got a pipeline of a couple of interesting things in that space. And then the one other area that we're kind of on is this consumer capability, this idea again of getting a big block of consumers that we could market all of our networks to. So I would say those would be the two short-term things to look for. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean, in a nutshell, Ramsey, I call it, the story of the quarter was same-store sales. So I called out it was minus 3%, and if you went back to our prior transcripts, Q4 '22 would have been plus 2%. So in that 12-month period, basically went from plus 2% to minus 3%. So obviously, that's 5 points of organic growth. So that's the whole story. Retention was good, sales were good, expense controls, credit below the line. Everything effectively in Q4 through my lenses was kind of in line sans that one call out. And so I tried to kind of go through it. They obviously were surprising to me since I looked through the guide pretty carefully. Really, it's just 2 or 3 pockets that are not new. If you go back and look at what we communicated in '23, we would have talked about lodging having some softness in the base, the partner channel and payables having some softness, the pivot from micro accounts, which shed a bunch of late fees, unfortunately, credit losses. And so, basically, I'd say those 3 things that I called out were just heavier, weightier on the downside, say, we're looking at kind of 1% to 2% minus same store and it came in at 3%. And so  that's really the story of the quarter. And so the good news, if there is any, is in all 3 of those cases, it deals like, in the data showing even through January, it looks like we've hit the bottom. So the thought process that we have is that we climb out of the same-store sales, almost to reverse pattern. So minus 3, minus 2, basically getting that thing back to positive because that book of business basically flatlined into '24. So that's basically the perspective on it. So it's really no new things. It's things that we have seen that basically were a bit heavier in the quarter than we outlooked. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Look, it's a super complicated question, right, which is why we spent 11 months on it, so [indiscernible] too quick with an answer here. But look, the main thing against just a straight SpinCo, I think we said, was uncertainty of the trading range of RemainCo wasn't so much. We got a great Corporate Payments business. It was really what's the multiple on RemainCo. So I think that caused us to pivot into this dance partner to -- if we were going to separate things, to do something that would have scale and synergies. And so the short answer to that is we engaged with 3 or 4 different partners, and it's a combination of either the synergies didn't pan out to be as good as we thought or we couldn't agree relative valuation, or in one case, maybe social issues around it. So these kinds of combinations, as you guys know, are always quite difficult. But I did say it seriously. We've learned a lot. We looked at a lot of structures. We've met a bunch of people. And so we will continue to look. The focus now is back on buying things in our lane and obviously rebuilding this vehicle business some, but we are open a different day to relooking at it again. So kind of closed for now, but not forever. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, that's another super good question. It sounds like most things, some things stay the same and some things are different. So the most important thing for us, as you know, is sales, which is why I call out the growth rate. And I think I called out for the full year last year 20%. That's our target again for 2024, obviously, off of a bigger base. So the first thing is we've had success selling and expect the same year in '24. Two is the retention is getting a bit better. And as we flush those micro accounts last year, structurally, that should help retention. So you take those two things, those underpin, as you know, the basic right -- new business versus losses is the key to a recurring business. So the wildcard, the bet here has been the softness thing, which, again, entered the year in the plus column and then ended the year in the minus column, so that thing turning or getting tension back to flat, I think, is the most important in the acceleration. But then on top of that, we've got some super new pricing ideas around the technology as the new dynamic pricing, for example, where we could price rooms and lodging different for someone walking into a hotel than someone who prebooks 3 weeks ago instead of a platform that didn't let us differentiate. We've got a few new partners that we've signed that we haven't announced that will come on. And then to your point, we've got a big plan around cross-sell, adding a buck for vehicle insurance every time people park if they want it to basically allay the fear of something happening to their car when they park. So it's a pretty balanced -- I'd say it's not super different than the past, but I would say that the new products and some of the cross-sell should be a little more supportive than historically. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. So let me take that last part and then back my way back to the beginning of your question. So yes, if you looked inside our quarterly roll, that thing would go from kind of low mid-single digit up to 10%. So the internal plan we have is exactly what you said to the vehicle organic growth rate to accelerate. So the two drivers of that beyond the normal things of retention, which should get better again structurally because we kicked out the micro accounts, and obviously, sales being good is the new products that I just talked about, right, some extensions in both the core fuel card business and in the trucking business, and to your point, the EV thing working. But the second one is this consumer, it's just all incremental. So to the extent that we can take 2 million people in the U.K. and another couple of million people, which we'll talk about soon, in Brazil, and add on 3 or 4 services that we already have, it's just every dollar there is incremental and pretty profitable. So those are really the two drivers. The base, same-store sales, retention and new sales, which we have a good handle on, and then the couple of new things and the new products and the consumers. So we're bullish on it. Obviously, we had a pivot in this vehicle thing and then a bit distracted working on this restructuring, but I think where we're headed now is super clear. 
Ronald F. Clarke: And it's one of the reasons, Darrin, someone sent me some text of, hey, the revenue looks a little light. And we've effectively taken $20 million, $30 million of late fee revenue out and $20 million to $30 million of credit losses out. It's been basically kind of a one-for-one swap, which people out there may not like, but I like. I like the ratability of having lower credit losses. And so to Tom's point, that portfolio shift kind of moved both revenue and expense. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Let me take that one. Another good question. So if you think about what we call a channel business, it's some third-party U.S. customers where we provide virtual card processing. And the basic trend, which started 2 years ago, is those partners effectively moving from an exclusive relationship with us to nonexclusive. So I, Ron, I used to use you for 100% of my processing Someone told me it was a good idea to have 2 providers. So over time, I'm going to kind of give you half the business or I'm going to try to haircut your rate. So effectively, over the last 2 years, Darrin, we've gone from having call it, 15 really important partners that we were exclusive with to having 15 partners we're nonexclusive with. So the good news on this one is we have the contracts now for '24 that have us flat with '23. So our print for that business, which moved its way down during the course of '23, were out looking effectively flat revenue in that business across into '24. So instead of every quarter saying oh, the Corporate Payments business was great, but hey, the channel business was crummy, hopefully, you'll hear me say that in '24. The answer will be it will be flat. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Nate, it's Ron. I'd say not much change. So I think we said it before that acceptance or nonacceptance of a virtual card turns really more on the profile of merchants. Merchants that have obviously higher margins, for example, are more accepting, or merchants more in need of cash flow because they're paid sooner. So I'd say there's really nothing super new. Kind of the opt-out rate, if you will, has been pretty steady. And again, who takes the card is really a function of kind of who the merchant is. So nothing new. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. That's another good question. I mean, simplistically, Nate, we used to do knock, knock on a midsized company, hi, CFO, and hey, we've got some great expense management products here. And mostly, the pitch was kind of menu-based or a la carte. Hey, it looks like you got some drivers, we've got fuel cards. Looks like you need a better control business card, given some of the expenses that are coming in, or one that's got automated expense reimbursement. So historically, that's how we presented things. And so the idea was to be able to have kind of a [ RAP ], a rebate or look at the spend of the whole company. So knock, knock, hi CFO. You've got walk around spend, you've got AP spend. I could combine all of that and give you 100 basis points back, $0.5 million a month back and make your life easier. How does that sound? So we finally have a platform where all those things, the walk around stuff and the AP automation stuff is literally brought together, call it, in terms of one report, one credit underwriting system and stuff. And so that's the idea that we could present now to a company, effectively a package deal, if you will, instead of an a la carte deal. So we just literally been underway, call it, just what you said, call it, a month or so with the first set of leaves in it. But clearly, it's going to be the future. My hope is even if we sell someone a la carte the first day that they're on the railroad, it's easier to go back. They've learned how to use the UI. They know us, we have an account, we credit -- underwritten them and stuff. And so we think it certainly lends to better add-on sales over time. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Sanjay, it's Ron. I got to jump in because I'm clearly the optimist here, playing off of Tom. But I'd say it's all -- it's sunshiny days, right, living through 2023 with a $200 million interest expense boat anchor and sitting here at the beginning of the year with half [ eFX ] and declining interest rates. It feels super great to get earnings print back to 15% or 18% that we can print instead of whatever we printed last year. So I would say that it's setting up at this moment to be super positive for us. Super happy with it. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. I mean it's happening in different places. I think you -- we've called out before, it's probably 20% of the Brazil sales now in the company are taking add-on products there and selling them back to the core base. We're underway with that, as I said, with the parking app because we've got millions of consumers. We're back -- reselling something back into the base of Corporate Payments, back into the fuel card base. So it's clearly in our sales plan. I'd say it's a probably relatively significant number as we get through the year in terms of what we're expecting there. So it's been a core part of the idea of we've got, as you know, 800,000 business clients, and some number of them are pretty big. And so having more things to offer them has always been part of the idea. So I think it's meaningful this year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. Cris, it's Ron. So look, I preface it with it's still early days, I guess. We've been running this analysis for, what, 8 quarters or something and have 300 or 400 accounts in it. So look, we know a fair amount. We have real customers that are paying real bills and paying us more. I'd say to you that conceptually the reason that I think we can get paid the same or more, just to me simplistically, is there's just more purchase. So in the fuel business, let's say, in the U.K., there's 9,000 gas stations. We have 1 million drivers there. So someday, when every guy or gal has an EV, there's going to be 1 million incremental charge points. There's way more than 9,000 public charging points. And so the ability, again, to help a company make the transition from some old fashioned gas stations to some public charging to the million at home, bring that all together and keep it simple, is useful. In the scope of what they pay for charging and fuel, our fees are peanuts. And so it feels to me like we know what we're doing. And more importantly, we have products that they like. I think it doubled, Tom, year-over-year. And so I feel better about we've got the right solution, clients like it and clients are paying for it, and the math shows you they're paying more now than the old fashioned thing. So I'd say stop ringing the frigging fire alarms. It would be my comment to people. Hey, there's a lot of time in front of us, but I would not be super afraid, sitting here today. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes, Trevor.  Let me try to take that and then Tom can add to it. So I mean, conceptually, the main reason is the same-store sales. So if you think about math, right, of how to get to 10%, right, we lose business, right, 8%. We make sales and then we have the same-store sales. And so the bet that we have, which we're seeing in the trends, is if the same store that was plus 2 4 quarters ago and was minus 3 this past quarter will head back to flat. And if that does, obviously, in that example, it lifts the organic thing by 3 points. So that's A. B, we think the retention, again, will likely tick up because of this micro flush. When you have more bigger accounts, you structurally just have better retention. And then third, our core repayments business is growing faster, and it has higher retention rates than our fuel card business. So those two things, as we model it, will help the back half. And then hopefully, the set of new products and the cross-sell stuff, which we're pouring out now, that will start to build, those add-ons will start to build in the back half. So that's what makes up the curve as we run through the year. 
Ronald F. Clarke: Yes. It's just that channel thing that I said before. I mean, that literally was the point of our same-store sales reduction. We would have been 2% if that business was flat. So again, it's just a big partner that gives us lots of volume and no money goes, dates around and goes non-exclusive. And so, hey, we lose a little bit of revenue, and we lose a lot of volume. But the take rate goes up because obviously, that's a lot of low-margin business that we weren't getting. And we also know that excluding channel, the spend level was north of 25%. So it's really a channel story that's driving both the volume and the take rate noise that you may be seeing. But again, just to -- you said put a finer point on the thing, I want to make sure people have heard that we have the business to now contracted, right, for '24. So that helps us relay to you guys that we hit the bottom there, because when I look at what's effectively contracted, inside of the minimums we have, we're kind of done with that dating around. There's no more dating. If you date 1 or 2 people, you can't have any more than that. That's where it is. So that -- if there's any good news, that's the good news here. 
Ronald F. Clarke: And again, just add the point is it helps the flow-through into earnings, right, although it looks like revenue is light when you take those late fees out because you're taking out the credit loss expense, basically, you have a decent flow-through down to EPS. So that's one of the reasons that the profit flow-through remain pretty good. 
Thomas Panther: And Darrin, one thing I'd add before Ron gets to your other question about longer-term vehicle. Keep in mind the first half of last year had the elevated late fees from the SMB micro clients that we still have on the platform. So we all start lapping that until you get into late Q2, so that creates a little bit of a grow-over challenge when you look at it on an annual basis. 
Thomas Panther: And, Nate, we've actually seen card penetration levels tick up a little bit. So at the end of the day, it kind of comes down to the amount of spend that's on a card, and that's moved up as you look at it over a quarterly trend. 
Thomas Panther: Sure, Sanjay. It's Tom. So thinking big picture macro, let's start there, and then we can talk a little bit in terms of a more detailed macro as it relates to -- specific to our company. But big picture macro, we're expecting an economic outlook to stay relatively consistent, completely in line with the broad economic guide. When you look at our 3 major markets of Brazil, U.S. and U.K. we expect in all of those markets to see a relatively stable, maybe slightly improving economy as rate cuts in those various markets occur, but we're not expecting any kind of recession, and certainly, we're not expecting a GDP kind of gangbuster-type year. With respect to the more narrow macro that affects FLEETCOR, kind of think about it in terms of a couple of categories. First, fuel. Fuel price, average fuel price, diesel and unleaded combined, of $3.65. That's a little below where we are today. If you just kind of look at where we are through 2024, we're probably closer to a blended rate of around $3.40. So that's one of the call outs that we had in terms of the Q1 growth challenge. But we're not prognosticators of oil and the pull-through to fuel. We just look at EIA and other providers of those things. That was the consensus view of how the year would play out. I think as demand increases from a seasonal perspective, you would see that increase. Spreads, generally consistent with last year. That's really hard to predict. It's more based on volatility of fuel price, not just absolute. So that's kind of in base gas, but we look at historical trends and done some modeling, so we expect spreads to be relatively consistent. FX, a little bit of a tailwind. If the dollar and rate cuts continue -- the projection is correct and the dollar doesn't strengthen -- it had a little bit of strengthening over the last week or so, but longer term, we expect the dollar to be a little weaker, and so that will help the FX side of our business. And we think overall, that will be a slight tailwind to us. Rates, generally kind of neutral to better. We have modeled out the rate curve based on the latest rate curve out there. So we think rates will be a little bit better. Certainly interest expense lapping the headwind from this year in terms of the grow over from '22 will be a significant benefit to us. And then I guess, finally, taxes, we think will be generally consistent with the full year tax rate in 2023. So overall, we characterized the macro as kind of neutral to -- from a macro perspective, big macro perspective, and kind of a slight benefit to us with respect to things that affect us directly. 
Thomas Panther: 37. Okay, sorry. Yes, so a lot of that has to just do with the channel mix. So as Ron mentioned earlier, in terms of the way -- the amount of take rate we have on channel versus the direct business, as we saw the channel volume fluctuate in the quarter, that's what's causing the fluctuation in the take rate related to Corporate Payments. 
Thomas Panther: Yes. I don't think it's kind of disproportionate one way or another. Just kind of round it out, just to summarize, for the year, we were at 53%. We were exiting around 54%, and we guided for the full year 2024 to be at 54%, and probably exiting a little bit higher than that, as you would expect. And so it's not really one -- one, there's not a lot of change there. You're talking about, give or take, 100, 150 basis points. And secondly, I think it's more of the structure of the business that's driving the margin, not necessarily something that we're doing necessarily inside the business to modify the existing business model and the structure. So just as we grow at the levels at which each of the businesses are growing from a revenue and sales perspective and the amount of fixed cost, you're just going to get this natural operating leverage benefit from margin where you'll see that rotate up. So at the same time, we also want to continue to invest.  I guess, fair point. Yes, credit is coming down a little bit, '23 to '24, that would also help the margin. But the other thing just from the standpoint of just investment, we continue to make significant investments in the company, particularly around sales and marketing. And so we are mindful in terms of the amount of spend that we're putting back into the company to make sure that the sales engine can continue to generate the  kind of growth levels that we've historically generated. 
Thomas Panther: Sure. Trevor, it's Tom. So the Lodging business, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, it did experience softness. Where our biggest surprise was for the quarter was really more on the airline and the insurance piece. We actually saw the workforce piece come in about where we had anticipated, and a lot of the expected growth that we had forecast in the fourth quarter was from what we've seen historically, with the level of flight cancelations related to our distressed product, where you typically would see a seasonal uptick. There's lots of people in the air with holidays and things like that. And that just didn't come to fruition. Similarly on the insurance side, we saw the decline in the overall insurance. So the decline quarter-over-quarter in lodging was really more directed towards those 2 businesses where those types of episodic-type things that occur in the fourth quarter just didn't materialize.  Workforce, we continue to see a little bit of softness there, but as Ron had indicated, we feel like that has [ topped ] out and expect that to move forward based on new sales and the introductions of the new products. 
Thomas Panther: It's kind of belts and suspenders. It was also some minimums as well. So that we also got some protection that while we're under contract, we also have some commitments from a minimum perspective, too. 
Thomas Panther: Yes, I mean I'd say it's fairly normal. Obviously, it's going to fluctuate from a dollar perspective as the business grows. We think of it more in terms of basis points of spend or percentage of revenue because as the business grows, you'd expect the bad debt dollar amount to grow, but not necessarily that rate to necessarily grow. So I think we'll continue to see good performance in 2024. We have -- plus the micro client that Ron said, we've tuned some of our models. We've gotten to a point where I think we've learned a lot over the last, call it, 6 quarters, and I think we'll be in a position where we can be a bit more opportunistic in terms of how we manage credit. 
Thomas Panther: Yes. Michael, it's Tom. I think we're going to be mindful in terms of market conditions, and we like where the stock price is. As I mentioned, we're flush with liquidity, both on the balance sheet and then when we upsized the revolver, we have another $600 million of liquidity. Obviously, we want to use some of that liquidity for M&A. But you add it all up, we have probably up to $2.5 billion, $3 billion worth of cash that we want to put to work, and we want to put it to work as quickly as possible. So I think the timing is just going to be predicated on the market, the amount of the floating stock and those types of things. But I think we will be looking to be in the market over the course of this quarter, and then we'll see how market conditions are as the year plays out. 
