Eric Dey: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now everyone should have access to our fourth quarter and full year 2012 press release. It can also be found at www.fleetcor.com under the Investor Relations section. Throughout this conference call we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information, including adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and EBITDA. This information is not calculated in accordance with GAAP and may be calculated differently than other companies’ similarly titled non-GAAP information. Quantitative reconciliations of historical non-GAAP financial information to the most directly comparable GAAP information appears in today’s press release and on our website as previously described. Also, we are providing 2013 guidance on a non-GAAP basis. Finally, before we begin our formal remarks, I need to remind everyone that part of our discussion today will include forward-looking statements. This includes forward-looking statements about our 2013 guidance, new product and key initiatives and potential business development and acquisition. They are not guarantees of future performance and therefore you should not put any undue reliance on them. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we expect. Some of those risks are mentioned in today’s press release and Form 8-K filed with the Security and Exchange Commission. Others are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. These documents are available on our website as previously described and at www.sec.gov. With that out of the way, I would like to turn the call over to Ron Clarke, our Chairman and CEO. 
Eric Dey: The organic growth rates are effectively in line with the guidance that we previously had given. So we kind of guide people to around 10% number each year. So we believe our organic rates are in line with that. 
Eric Dey: Yes we haven’t provided any guidance on that, Tien-Tsin but it should be consistent with kind of the growth rate we experienced in the last couple of years. 
Eric Dey: Every time we do acquisitions, we effectively kind of reset the bar. So included in the revenue per tran in the international numbers are CTF and NKT which were obviously acquisitions that we closed in the middle of the year. So the run rate that we’re experiencing kind of at the end of the year is the new run rate. 
Eric Dey: David, again from a guidance perspective we kind of guide people to, from an organic perspective that we’re going to grow our revenue at around 10% organically. And as Ron indicated earlier going into 2013 it will probably be a little more skewed in the international side because of some of the acquisitions that we completed. Certainly we’re going to continue to grow the U.S. business at a very healthy kind of organic growth rate but we really haven’t provided guidance specifically for each of the 2 segments. So I would kind of think about it as a whole, as again FleetCor being around 10% organic growth business. And for a lot of factors that Ron called out in this section of the call. 
Eric Dey: They were both pretty significant drivers, in our direct business although we don't again specifically call out numbers for those various products, our direct card business was helped by spreads during the quarter. So we believe we had $1 million in kind of unusual favorability or one-time favorability because of higher than normal spread. So that was helpful during the quarter and again just increased sales in those 2 products, and those products have higher than kind of line average revenue per trans. So both of those factors kind of drove the growth in the quarter. 
Eric Dey: Yes David, I mean effectively that 10 basis point settlement for us is basically immaterial. And half of it will be spread over 2013 and half of it over 2014. So effectively - and we don’t specifically budget for it but again it’s just not a material number for us. 
Eric Dey: Hey Phil, this is Eric. Actually it’s a little bit of both. Obviously we cleared the OFT and AllStar in the middle of the year. We’ve obviously started operating some of the other businesses we acquired, I mean CTF and NKP as an example. So we are starting to operate those businesses and as you would expect we’re starting to improve the performance of those businesses. So it’s a little bit of both. So our existing businesses are performing well and we’re starting to increase the revenue and the performance of those other businesses we acquired, so it’s both. 
Ronald Clarke: Hey Tien-Tsin, it’s Ron. I would say that because we’ve got a number of new assets, rolling into ‘13 that we’re expecting higher revenue per tran in those particular assets. 
Ronald Clarke: I guess 2 comments. I’d say on both the deal side and the partner side the difference is I think they both are little more mature or more developed. I think we've progressed farther in terms of getting to the end of those. And in terms of the deal portfolio, I think it’s like - it’s a mix, we’ve got stuff in a variety of places and we’ve got some stuff that’s pretty big and we’ve got some stuff that’s not so big. So I would say across the set it’s a mixed engine. 
Ronald Clarke: Julio, it’s Ron, I’d just add a couple things. So one, the international you will see better revenue per tran in ‘13 in that segments of the regions that I mentioned earlier, to sell a bunch of assets in that international group and I tried to give a little flavor of what we're doing to kind of move that up. You should see a better number next year, this year. The related one was just Shell, just going to comment on Shell, as we start to pour those transactions into our transaction count, that obviously is something that we take the international number the other way. We will again call it out for you but that would be the one -- one thing that we’d take the revenue per tran in the opposite direction. 
Ronald Clarke: Until I guess the thing gets to the chip and pin like it is in Europe, I’d say it’s probably not much changed for us. So really until kind of the card format changes we would have to go through a card conversion I’d say it’s not very important to us. 
Ronald Clarke: I guess for us we obviously run card no matter what’s at the point of sale. The only thing that would really affect our business would really be a technology change from magstripe to chip and pin that would cause us basically they have to cycle out those cards. 
Ronald Clarke: Again it’s not much for us, it’s really all in the cad because we’ve obviously got that capability inside of our platforms, as our platforms obviously run in Europe as well. So I would say it’s low single-digit millions kind of a number. 
Ronald Clarke: Just another add, David, a couple other things to help in the U.S., so one, we introduced some add-on reporting features in the second half of the year that kind of hit that got booked, later in the year they gave us probably a couple of points of lift. And b, we finished from a sales perspective really strong and so I think our volume was a little stronger in the fourth quarter than we had planned, gave us another, call it, point or 2. So I would say that we picked up 3 or 4 points for those regions and probably again to Eric’s point, you guys should think about 10% going forward. 
Ronald Clarke: So again, those are 2 separate things, you said though, again our direct business - when we refer to the direct business, that’s a end fleet. So they run plumbing company where we go out directly to the end client. That’s the business that Eric related it’s growing up 48%. The partner business where we have co-branded offerings with big oil partners, I’d say that business is probably its seventh-inning in terms of conversion. When I say direct business, we are in the second or third inning still. 
Ronald Clarke: But we did disclose David, again just so you know, both of those businesses had grown 14% or more, so that they obviously were both growing. 
Ronald Clarke: The other thing, Phil, is the 2 businesses that we called out the Brazil business and the Russia business, strangely the fourth quarter is actually the strongest quarter for those 2 businesses because their holidays basically fall in this quarter in Q1. So unlike a lot of the other lines of business in the company where the fourth quarter is softer, those 2 are every year significantly better in Q4. 
Ronald Clarke: I would say the headline is much more to come. So like always we do the state work on these things in terms of confirming our facts and testing reaction to these changes and in some cases like in Mexico we’ve got to go out to 500 merchants to get them to market in terms of rates, so that process can take months. So I would say we’ve got a little bit of that kind of exiting ’12 but much, much more to come in 2013. 
Ronald Clarke: I think it falls, Phil, really into 2 buckets. I think where deals shopped, the answer is yes, but I think there is more people that like our space now and more people that have money, so it caused us probably to pay more and we still have obviously deals that we kind of sole source where we build relationships and have, we think, a good home for the target. And so in those cases I’d say we are paying what I’d call reasonable prices. And I’d say sitting in our inventory today, we have both of those flavors. 
Ronald Clarke: Tim, it’s Ron. I’d say no real news there, it’s really still flat. We got really 0 help in Q4 what we call same-store volume. So again our growth comes from having either, a, more clients and more trans than we had before, or b, having them on product that we enjoy more revenue, no lift basically from them growing. 
Ronald Clarke: Yes I’d say without getting into too specific, it is probably around ballpark half our U.S. sales, so the answer is no. We still sell a fair amount of our proprietary products, they appeal to different segments of the market. So we still sell both. I think the new news of why the U.S. business is growing faster the last couple of years is that the new product appeals to a new segment that we couldn’t historically sell. Like selling minivans versus sports cars, right, you bring different people into the market and then b) we’ve got a number of new channels working, I think I mentioned our Telematics partnership contributed 10% of the U.S. sales in 2012 and that channel didn’t exist 2 years ago. And so it’s a combo of the product opening up a new market and us expanding and investing more in the channels just allows us to basically grow faster now. 
Ronald Clarke: That’s another really good question. So again the comments that we made deal with the legacy businesses we have in the U.K.. So those grew 14% or more without AllStar, so leave AllStar out. So the short answer to why those businesses are healthier and turned the corner is mostly about the market. So those 2 products are what we call spread based products, their appeal to the market is attractive pricing and our pricing is attractive when we have more spread to work with. So let’s say there was a dime of spread, we might be able to give customers couple of cents off and still make some money versus if spreads were $0.04, we can’t really give customers anything off to make any money. So that U.K. market just why its spread is back to more of a normalized level versus the prior year. And so our products not only sold better to new prospects but we got greater utilization out of the customer base that we have, because the offer of our products was more attractive to them last year. So we are hoping that the 2013 environment stays basically in the same place as it was last year. 
Ronald Clarke: This is Ron. Let me take the Shell question first. So again I think the short answer is there's not much impact in revenue for our company as we roll out Shell. Though again the plan is to start to bring on more of their market this year and in the balance of their market next year, and what basically is changing is the nature of revenue that we’re getting. So in the prior couple of years we got paid for developing and migrating and supporting and helping basically get them prepared and get the system in, and now we’re going to get paid basically for them running our system. So it’s more attractive revenue to FleetCor but frankly it’s not much different in absolute size. And the comment about its absolute size is it’s not material, again it’s a single-digit million relationship both whether it was the prior development model or the existing one. The play there as we've said is we’ve build a good relationship with that company and our hope is to be helpful to them running their program globally where they could use this for other things beyond just being a processor for them. So that was always the basis on which we targeted them as a client. 
