Steve Rusckowski: Yes thanks. So as you know we don't really know and last year we had a small adjustment as well to it. So hopefully your view of what you've heard is right, but at this point we have nothing to add to what you're saying.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah I think we're all trying to understand how those lives will eventually get healthcare insurance. I think state by state will sort its way out. We can't speculate at this time how those lives will be picked up but as you read and you know as well as we do, that the number of the particularly national providers have decided to pull out of the exchanges, but you would -- you have to believe that those lives that might be impacted will be dealt within the appropriate way state-by-state, but it's too early to speculate on that.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah. Thank you very much. Well first of all, we're encouraged with our continued growth that we're seeing in our professional lab services business. We've highlighted two in my opening remarks. One is the relationship with HCA, the second is related to a relationship with Barnabas here in New Jersey. They're often running -- they contributed to growth in the quarter. We're optimistic about their prospects and also we've a good funnel with us. They made one comment that I would like to react to. We've been very, very careful to make sure that we described how this business affects the calculation of revenue per acquisition and what we've done carefully is to talk about in the script and I am sure Mark will provide some color, is that we actually provided in the script the unit price impact of this quarter to our performance and that is when you freeze all other characteristics of our business what the true pricing impact is on our business, where there is other characteristics of our business like and peer mix that affect the calculation of revenue per req. So we feel very positive about the growth prospects for professional lab services business. It's a great growth opportunity. It's great return on invested capital. The report is greater for shareholder value creation, but it does affect the calculation because it's at a lower price point. That is not to be confused with price reductions. So I want to make sure that's clear sure and I am sure what I've done here Mark will comment on that as well to make sure it's absolutely clear. As far as partnerships, we believe that being a company that work with others in healthcare is an important part of what we do. We obviously are demonstrating. We know how to do that. Number of things we talked about already have to do with us former relationships. We talk about professional lab services. I'll also mention that when we buy outreach businesses like I referred to is the Hartford Hospital outreach business that we bought. We're working on building on that to have a strong relationship. Couple that with what we announced this fall with Optum. Optum will allow us to work with one of the leaders in healthcare analytics, leaders in healthcare services to work on understanding what we can do to improve the billing process and thereby helping us with our bad debt exposure as well as making sure we get paid for a lot of the more sophisticated testing that we do. We think of them working with us is better than us working independent and that's a good opportunity for our shareholders going forward. So we're optimistic about that opportunity, but also what you also see in my introductory remarks, we believe this continues to build on a strong working relationship we have with the United Health Group and this new working relationship with revenue cycle management will only enhance that relationship. We actually do the -- we have a strong collaboration to do their wellness work within Optum. We have an existing relationship with some of their physician groups that they're buying in terms of laboratory professional services and then finally as we continue to be a big supplier of laboratory professional services for United Healthcare membership today and we believe that will continue to grow. So we're optimistic about the prospects there. We also announced recently the relationship with IBM. This builds on our relationship and our product that we introduced a couple years ago with Memorial Sloan Kettering. It's a growing new field to Precision Medicine as you know and we provide in this relationship a product called OncoVantage, which basically provides visibility to oncologists what can be known with 34 actionable jeans. From that data we'll say what drugs will work and what drugs will now work, but as importantly what clinical trials that could potentially roll their patience in. This work will expand with the relationship with IBM and also Memorial Sloan. We also mentioned that this is collaborative work once again and the broad Institute is involved as well which we're optimistic about, because as I said at the beginning, healthcare is really a much more collaborative game going forward and quest we're all about working with others when it comes quite clear of the work we've done and is how it's helping our business. So let me just stop there and let me turn it to Mark to make sure I properly addressed the question about the PLS business and how we think about revenue per requisition as a calculation, Mark.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So thanks for the questions. There were a couple there Ralph. Let me try to address them all. First off Barnabas is pretty much largely implemented. We may expand that relationship beyond the current set of hospitals, but at this point the initial phase of Barnabas is in a run rate and BTA is a relationship that we said is ramping up. I mentioned that half of the volume growth in the quarter was attributable to PLS and we don't call out specific relationships. So we're not going to share Barnabas per se or HCA, but we are hearing what PLS is contributing in total. And then contrary to what you may have thought, the test for req for PLS actually tend to be fewer not greater. When you imagine something ongoing in for their annual physical, which is quite a bit of our volume, obviously some of it is acute conditions that people go into their primary care physician for, but you're doing a battery of tests and your annual physical much more than you might for an acute situation going in as in-patient or an outpatient at a hospital. So there's actually fewer tests. And then finally on price, it is priced differently because it's not the commercial rates that we have for the core business, it's a negotiated direct rate with the hospital where we price it a way that we can save them money, and we can make a margin ourselves. So, it is different pricing, but not necessarily lower or higher, because we have pricing relationships all over the board for any given tasks depending on the situation. So it gets a little bit complicated, but in general, fewer tests per req we have definitely future momentum, we expect from our PLS in terms of its volume contribution, definitely from HCA and so you should expect more of our growth coming from PLS certainly in the immediate future.
Steve Rusckowski: Jack, I think it underscores what we've said for many years now that we’ve being very disciplined and very thoughtful in our pricing to the market. We believe we have a great value proposition out there in the market. Our value proposition we believe is second to none. Just the value add and the chip price we charge for that and we want to continue to reinforce that going forward. And I think this quarter's performance when you look at really unit price effect of 50 basis points, I think it's a good reflection of the good work we've done to apply that price discipline to our business and the results are shown.
Steve Rusckowski: We talked about in the past however monetizing the data we have. We see about one third of adult Americans in the course of three years. We keep that data for about 10 years and if you go through the map, that's about 20 billion data points of laboratory data. So we have nice bird's eye view of what’s happening with the American population and we’re trying to use that in the most responsible and also the best way for our shareholders. We have talked about them using that to understand how they manage or monitor the performance of what's happening with Hepatitis C by way of an example. We have also have sold that data to Pharma companies. We’re building in that relationship. We have talked about -- we’re trying to bring to the market and possibly with our collaboration with Quintiles and now Quintiles has merged with IMS. We continue to have a dialogue of how we could use that data to help with the recruitment of patients for clinical trials and that's something that we'll talk about once again as we get into our Investor Day in November because there is lot of opportunities for it. It takes longer to get some traction with them but the prospects are good and specifically with Optum, as you know Optum has a broad perspective on the market and they’re helping many integrated delivery systems. One of the products we do provide today for integrated delivery system is around population health and how you can use this data to help manage that population that you're managing and how do we try to identify those patients that are costing the risk taker, the most of about each year and by looking at performance versus laboratory results what we could do about that to help those gaps security that we have. So lot of opportunities again come November and we’ll share more with you.
Steve Rusckowski: So we don’t assume a change in utilization from quarter-to-quarter when we look at the guidance we've put out there. We want guidance that's reasonable but very achievable and as we mentioned we did take into account the impact of the Matthew which happened in October. So that’s a fourth quarter even. So with that said, we have basically not changed the midpoint of our earnings guidance and we haven’t changed the midpoint of our revenue guidance despite Matthew. So either -- we’re not assuming any significant changes anything in the marketplace really basing it on what we’ve seen pretty steadily for the first nine months of the year and then our historical experience in Q4.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, so and when you talk about margins, I want to make sure whether you’re asking dollars or percentages so I'll address both, but typically what we said is an outreach purchase it takes 12 to 18 months to get to its billing or profitability when we can get all these synergies achieved and then outreach businesses are typically at our corporate margin percentage. So we usually get some margin dollars pretty quickly on those outreach, but get to our going percentage and ratio profitability takes 12 to 18 months.  For PLS it's somewhat similar to an outreach and that there is a transition period of time a lot of the savings is driven around moving the test menu partially off the hospitals site to ours. It doesn’t happen in the first day. The second piece is really the procurement savings. So it's either changing out the platform or burning through their agents, which typically are higher cost than ours. So takes it a little while before and we get to that going profitability, but I’d tell you the same thing probably a little closure to 12 and 18, but we get to the going rate of profitability for PLS within the first year to year and half. Those margins are going to be lower than the corporate average slightly, but as I said before still at excellent return on invested capital and they are still double digit margins.
Steve Rusckowski: So Nic any given quarter, it may bound around. So the outlook that we provided in 2014 and we're planning how do it personally update you that on that comment at our Investor Day on November 11 and so look back at how we’ve done and give you a general idea of what you can expect going forward. It is really a annual basis or a CAGR basis. It's not necessarily what you’re going to see in any given quarter. So, the things that are going to contribute to growing earnings faster than our revenue are unchanged. So it's really going to be as we return to organic growth that has a high drop through and then we have the Invigorate program, which certainly is large enough in this period of time to offset price and our cost pay for us which is our annual merit inflation and things like that and still have enough to expand margin. As you look at some of the PLS relationships that we have talked about, those have really started up this year and as I mentioned earlier to the question that how long does it take PLS to get up and going in its profitability. Its generally 12 to 18 months. So you would expect those deals to be contributing more to the bottom-line and helping to expand our margin more than they did this year. So it really gets down to the fundamentals, which is the growth in the high drops that we get there our Invigorate program which continues to drive efficiency and then all of those things more are on an annual or a CAGR basis as opposed to any given quarter. And year-to-date we’re up 5.4%, so that's a higher number than the third quarter.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah, Nic recall we announced our five point strategy back in 2012. Part of that in terms of restoring growth was to accelerate our organic growth, which we are doing and then second is couple that with acquisitions and if you look at '13, '14, '15 and now '16, we’ve been achieving that 1% to 2% growth through acquisitions and so we’ve developed credible track record of being able to do that in the past and as Mark said, prospectively our views haven't changed. And then you couple that with our strong cash position, we feel good about the cash we generated this quarter and our using that cash wisely with our capital deployment plan. So going forward we think we have a solid strategy continuing to build shareholder value and the growth prospects both organically and through acquisition remained encouraging. 
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah, sure it’s doing well. We lapped it already one year anniversary in July. The initial work for both companies is to put both of our laboratory clinical trials business together and then operationally integrate those. By integrating those, we'll benefit from that. Our equity earnings we get 40% since we own 40% of the joint venture. So, we believe we've made some excellent progress and there is more opportunities in front of us in terms of the yield we see from that joint venture because it will take some time to get the integration completed, but we're starting to see some of that already this year.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah, thanks Bill for the question. Well fist of all as I said, we’re excited about the opportunity and it's an embryonic field, its building, its evolving. The field of precision medicine or personalized healthcare is just -- is very new and it continues to provide opportunities, but it also -- it takes time to develop. So, we believe once again that we in this field need to work together with others. Two years ago, we announced relationship with Memorial Sloan Kettering. We brought a product to the market called OncoVantage. The opportunity we're going after Bill is to get to those community oncologists, which is as I said in my remarks about 70% of cancer care is there and what we realized is that Memorial Sloan is very strong and we have a strong presence in the United States, but by working together with some other once again, we could even enhance what we've done already. And so the IBM opportunity allows us to use their platform and also their data capabilities in a much broader way. Second is as you know IBM is building out their go to market plans for IBM Watson in general, IBM Watson Health and IBM Watson Genomics and we’re hopeful that that sales force coupled our sales force will drive some additional demand as people become more aware of this. And the other part of this Bill, is we believe there is an opportunity for patients to become more aware of what they should gain access to in assessing what they need to do with their cancer care and IBM is a very powerful marketing machine and we’re hopeful that their working -- their visibility around computing and particularly in healthcare will help with this effort. Now as far as future products, we have the existing products today. We’re offering that various plans for us to expand that capability with a number of actionable genes and then also an expanded panel, which will touch close to 400 genes that will look at. Yes we do believe that this will help us in terms of depending diagnostics with those cancer drugs to rule and rule out patients that can affect and also making sure that we can support it the right way in connecting patients to the right clinical trials through their oncologist with this information. So this is works in progress, a lot will be introduced in time and it is a good example of the evolving nature of this real effort across the world, but we’re lining up with some of the best, Memorial Sloan Kettering, IBM. We’ve talk about Broad institute and obviously their relationships they have with them IT and Harvard. So we have a good team working on this and we feel very, very encourage about prospects there. 
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah, well first of all once step at a time. We announce this relationship with HCA with their Denver-based division. They have six inpatient laboratories that we will manage for them. When we do this, we make them more efficient. If you understand how they work and I would argue a lot of hospital systems work for profit corporations. Then we'll see how it goes and we expect to deliver and so we're hopeful when we deliver that we can then expand that discussion to say can we help you in some other areas, but first piece of business right now is to do what we said we’re going to do in Denver and do that well and that we'll grow the account as you grow any account going forward. And we would also say that this discussion around hospital interest and what we’re doing is building what we find is that to [C Suite] of integrated delivery systems and hospitals CEOs and CFOs are quite interested in anything anyone could do to make them more efficient. I personally get engaging in this in a very active way and I could tell you that when we go in and have a conservation with the CEO and the CFO and share with them that we could save them 15% to 20% of their hospital in patient laboratory cost, our batting average if you will, of getting to the next conversation to start sharing some data is quite good. Very few times do they say we're non-interested. Most times they say interested and we should take a look at this and we understand how you can help us and let's see if the numbers work. When we go in there, we also talk about their lab strategy and usually when we have a discussion around their in-patient laboratory cost, we then have a conversation around their reference testing, their most advanced testing that we provide to about 50% of hospitals. We talk about us being able to provide more of that for them and then the third leg of the stool is they then start to question if they’re in an outreach business essentially competing with us do they want to remain in that business and the best interstate for us is to become their lab partner or its Quest inside. So we do all three, We're helping them with their inpatient labs making them more efficient. We're providing the most advanced testing for their hospital operations and then the third is we're their laboratory for their -- for their non-hospital proportion of the care they're provided within their geographic area and we have a number of examples of that and probably some of the best examples is where we've actually formed joint ventures and we have a number of long-standing joint ventures in Pittsburgh Medical Center probably the most recent large one is University of Massachusetts. We have a joint venture up in Massachusetts around that and there is others to that we've build. So I would argue that this is a growing trend. It's a trend that we're head on. It takes a while to grow the services business, we built the capabilities, we're now executing and now we're starting to see the results in our growth.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes first of all last year the end of the year, we said that our advanced diagnostics grew by about 5%. It's a sizable portion of our portfolio of $1.8 million. We do not share quarterly performance related to that portion of our business but it continues to grow. There is some of the mention that had in my introductory comments show that we continue to get good growth of some of the more advance testing and particularly our last question around our work with IBM and working genetics and in that field continues to provide nice growth prospects for us. So we're continuing to get growth and once again we'll share the growth from the business in due course as we announce our results. As far as pricing, it's already in that 50 basis points headwind if you. We don't share specifics of what's happening with commercial contracting or what's happening per test but it's implied in the 50 basis points. So it's very manageable that we believe that it's always going to be some ups and downs in our portfolio of test and we're bringing new products to the marketplace as well which have new price points. So it's in that overall aggregate measure that we provide.
Steve Rusckowski: We continue to build our sales and marketing capabilities and the way we have addressed the market is really to make sure that we capture the right level of focus around accounts and with 65% of physicians now working for hospital systems, we believe it's important to have a geographic orientation to our sales force. And so we have about 108 sales districts and they have full responsibility for the whole portfolio of Quest into the market. The charge of separate hospital business from physician to just given where healthcare is today, how it's organized, at the same time, we all know that healthcare is very specialized and so we also in addition to the geographic orientation to our sales force, at dedicated specialized sales forces. So we have a specialized sales force or for our neurology business we have a specialized sales force for our anatomic pathology business and a specialized sales force for women's health business and we believe we appropriately staff that for the opportunities in the marketplace. And we're always trying to optimize our investment in our go-to-market plan with the opportunities we see in the marketplace and we think we've struck the right balance to deliver on our goals of growth in 2016 and we believe we'll do so also as we go forward with accelerating growth as well in the future.
Steve Rusckowski: Well thanks again for joining the call today. As you can see we're making good progress executing our strategy. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day in New York City on November 11. So thank you very much and have a great day.
Mark Guinan: Thanks Steve. I think it's important we clearly have not done enough to get everybody clear on this. When you think about the work we do, we do tests. Now we use requisitions as a surrogate for volume, but in fact we do test. So if a patient comes forward with a single test and would say a standard routine test and another patient comes forward and has two of those, there is going to be a different value to the requisition, but it has nothing to do with price. So the reason that people have and we have shared requisitions is there is a margin implication to some extent because of the front end and the back end is somewhat of a fixed cost per patient engagement or requisition. So specimen acquisition and billing you say the more testing we can get on our requisition, the more efficient you can be, but again that's on the cost side not the price side. However with PLS as we've explained, the specimen acquisition is incredibly efficient. We don't do the draws and from a logistics perspective, we're picking up dozens and dozens of tests at a single point in time instead of a handful as we want to at an office position park. So the logistics is very efficient. We don't incur the draw cost and then the billing is incredibly efficient because there is no third party billing, there is no patient responsibility of the single bill for a large volume to client. So I just want to make sure we continue to do what we need to do that people are clear that the mix calculation is the calculation and it's not price. We actually call out price very specifically so to understand apples and apples are headwinds and we're actually getting paid less per test.
Mark Guinan: We have shared that billing is about 5% of our headcount. So it's not an insignificant portion of our cost structure and then just to be clear on the relationship, we're not relinquishing responsibility. So there are a number of initiatives we had already planned to work on but we think are going to improve bad debt and reduce denials. It was part of our Invigorate program in which really generating the incremental value here is that Optum is going to bring incremental or activities and supplement what we're doing to get us to even a better place we could have gotten on our own or certainly faster than we could have gotten on our own. So it's not as if we're just thrown it over the wall and having Optum pick up what we have been working on and what we had planned to do. We're actually going to continue to do that. A lot of that's involved in our IT organization, our commercial organization etcetera and we're going to partner with Optum to make that even better 
Mark Guinan: Just to round that off once again, if you look at our 2014 debt from our Investor Day, we talked about this as being the opportunities we see. We've been we've been Invigorate and hopefully will review on this one will come to our Investor Day. It's November 11 and we'll provide more color beyond what we've said here about this relationship and how it helps us with our efficiency goal on Invigorate. So next question.
Mark Guinan: Yeah, what it has to do was obviously is the timing of any sort of price changes and so we obviously annualized either in a positive way on some price increases or annualized and got behind us some negative headwinds between the second and third quarter. So it's really just the year-over-year compare and the timing of any price changes from our contractual negotiations.
Mark Guinan: And the other thing is as you're well aware we’re accelerating organic growth and we couple that with our acquisition of 1% to 2% growth and that allows us as they said it through our numbers to also get some lift in the operating income going forward.
Mark Guinan: We have actually contributed about 1%. So at the low end we're re still within the 1% to 2% and in terms of our appetite, it hasn’t changed, but we’re very diligent about the deals that we move forward with and as we've shared, we walk away for more deals than we execute. It's not as if it's not in interest signs that we're not investing a lot of time and valuating assets and potential outreach deals. But we do have a lot of rigor around our financial metrics and we don’t execute a deal. We don’t see a path towards value creation importantly. So really it comes down to our capital allocation strategy, which is once you get beyond the 50% that we grantee of our free cash flow to our shareholders. It comes mostly through the dividend, but also through some share repurchases and the decision is what’s the best value creation strategy and we have to feel very comfortable that we’re going to create more value through M&A than we will with share repurchases and therefore it's really a situation. So it's not a change in strategy, it's not a change in appetite and certainly there has been a number of assets we’ve been evaluating and there is lot of things we’re looking at and we are driving success with 1% growth from M&A within the range and really nothing has changed than we're at the low end of the 1% to 2%.
Mark Guinan: Yes so the year-over-year on the -- what you should expect is not -- I can't give you anything specific, we are not giving guidance for next year, but you should expect us to inherit our capital allocation policy, which is basically half of our free cash flow is committed to shareholders and then above and beyond that depends on M&A and/or additional share repurchase. In terms of our authorization $532 million left on the current authorization.
