Dan Haemmerle - Executive Director: Thank you and good morning. I'm here with Steve Rusckowski, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Guinan, our Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements and also discuss non-GAAP measures. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include, but are not limited to, those described in Quest Diagnostics' 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. Our earnings press release is available and the text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the Investor Relations Quarterly Updates section of our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now, here's Steve Rusckowski.
Dan Haemmerle - Executive Director: Yes, sure. Amanda, we've seen growth in a number of different categories but certainly saw during the course of the year growth in our BRCA testing; in our non-invasive prenatal testing solution; within infectious disease with HCV and HIV. So, seeing growth in a number of different areas.
Dan Haemmerle - Executive Director: And Michael, just to follow-up on that a little bit. Keep in mind, we talk about revenue a lot because what shows up as volume versus growth in our esoteric business sometimes falls into the mix category. So revenue per requisition, this year we felt some pressure but we were able to offset that for the last several quarters, more than offset that with favorable test mix that's coming through the gene-based and esoteric. So, I think Steve also mentioned that we're seeing more tests on requisitions as well, so the requisition volume counts don't necessarily get the credit, but you see the credit overall in the revenue line for some of that benefit and some of that strategy.
Mark J. Guinan: Thanks, Steve. Starting with revenues, consolidated fourth quarter revenues of $1.85 billion increased 0.6% versus the prior year on an equivalent revenue basis; that is, excluding the fourth-quarter 2014 clinical trials revenue. On a reported basis, revenues were lower by 1.8%. Revenues for Diagnostic Information Services grew by 40 basis points versus a year ago. Volume, measured by the number of requisitions, grew by 30 basis points versus the prior year. Volume grew on an organic basis by 20 basis points. Revenue per requisition was 10 basis points better than the prior year. Reimbursement pressure was moderate in the quarter and for the year, which is consistent with what we shared at our Investor Day in 2014. Both test and business mix continue to have net positive impact, reflecting our strategy to grow our esoteric testing and drive profitable growth. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $288 million or 15.5% of revenues, compared to $283 million or 15% of revenues a year ago. The improvement of 50 basis points can be primarily attributed to efficiencies from our Invigorate program and business mix. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per share excluding amortization was $1.19, or 80 basis points better than a year ago. Fourth quarter 2015 reported income from continuing operations includes a net benefit of $31 million or $0.21 per share related to deferred income tax benefits recognized during the quarter, partially offset by charges primarily related to restructuring and integration costs. In the fourth quarter of 2014, reported income from continuing operations included a net benefit of $27 million or $0.18 per share from the favorable resolution of tax contingencies, offset by charges related primarily to restructuring and integration costs. Bad debt expense as a percentage of revenues was 3.5%, 30 basis points better than last year and 40 basis points better than last quarter. This is primarily due to a one-time bad debt benefit in the fourth quarter. It remains a challenging collection environment and we remain focused on improving our operational activities. Our DSOs were 47 days, one day lower than the prior year and three days higher than last quarter. Reported cash provided by operations was $271 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, compared to $303 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Cash provided by operations was lower than a year ago largely due to an additional payroll cycle this year. Excluding the net cash charges related to the recent debt refinancing, adjusted cash provided by operations was $899 million for the full year 2015. Capital expenditures were $94 million in the quarter compared to $89 million a year ago. Total capital expenditures in 2015 were $263 million. Before moving to guidance, I'll share a few comments to help you think about our outlook. First, a few of you recently asked about the 8% to 10% earnings CAGR shared at our Investor Day in 2014. Reflecting on 2015, we delivered 6% adjusted earnings, excluding amortization. Keep in mind that the compare in 2015 was negatively impacted by amortization and a discrete tax benefit in 2014. These two items reduced our reported earnings growth by about 2%, mostly because we beat our 2014 estimate by $0.05. Taking these items into consideration, we feel we are on track compared to our objectives outlined at Investor Day in 2014. Second, because of the newly formed Q2 Solutions JV, we no longer consolidate the clinical trials revenue. Our clinical trials business reported revenues of $85 million in the first half of 2015 that you should consider as you update your model. Finally, as you think about our revenue projections, we have been on a favorable trajectory, but one that has been building over time. We expect that we will continue to show improvement as we progress through the year. Specifically, you should consider the Barnabas Health opportunity that will phase in over the first half of the year and the recently announced Outreach acquisition which we expect to be completed late in the first quarter. Moving to guidance, we now expect full year 2016 results before special items as follows. Revenues are expected to be between $7.52 billion and $7.59 billion, an increase of 1.5% to 2.5% on an equivalent basis. For comparative purposes, equivalent revenues will exclude the 2015 revenues associated with our clinical trials business. Adjusted diluted EPS, excluding amortization, to be between $5.02 and $5.17; cash provided by operations to approach $1 billion; and capital expenditures to be between $50 million to $300 million. Now, let me turn it back to Steve.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. So Ricky, I thank you for the question; good morning. In the EPS guidance, it assumes a flat share count. So at this point, depending as we always talk about, the best value-creation opportunity between M&A and share buybacks, we may end up deploying more towards buybacks. We may end up reducing the share count. But at this point, EPS guidance assumes a flat share count.
Mark J. Guinan: Right. The topline at this point is built based on some organic growth, including the Barnabas Health deal, and then the only M&A that we have explicitly in there at this point is the Hartford Outreach acquisition. But obviously, we give a range, and so within that range there's various scenarios between organic and inorganic growth.
Mark J. Guinan: No trends per se. I mean, obviously, there's mix we talk about, and that includes test mix; it also includes payer mix. So we have mentioned previously that we have seen some growth in our Medicaid volumes, probably most likely in response to the Affordable Care Act, but also a reduction in our uninsured mix as well. So, some of that was more pronounced several quarters ago. I wouldn't say recently any other thing of note. And as I shared at the Investor Day, we expected 2016 to be more like – and then 2017 as well – to be more like 2014. You've seen the results for the past year. You can see that there was some pricing pressure. It was fairly tame, certainly compared to several years ago. And even with PAMA, we're still confident that through 2017, there's not going to be anything noteworthy, and as we said, it should be consistent with the last couple years.
Mark J. Guinan: Yeah, sure. So Lisa, to answer your question directly, I'm sure you recognize, nothing on the revenue line since we can't consolidate. On the earnings line, certainly as we discussed, we expected to deliver some significant synergies this year in 2016, and I have that built into our guidance. We don't break that out specifically. It's not large enough or substantive enough to provide specific detail. But that is considered, and we are pleased and looking forward to having more earnings in 2016 than we did in 2015 from clinical trials, and then also having more than we think we would've had had we kept that business as standalone Quest.
Mark J. Guinan: I just want to refresh everyone's memory. It was 2% of our overall revenues. What we shared at that point was that its operating margin was fairly representative of the overall enterprise, so nothing materially higher or lower. So therefore, you can kind of frame about what the contribution was, and we expect significantly larger growth on that than we could have done ourselves, but still off a 2% base. So, we're pleased with it and certainly every couple pennies is nice to have, but it's not going to be a game-changer overall. But as Steve said, relative to the expectations going into the partnership, we're very pleased with the first six months and looking forward to 2016.
Mark J. Guinan: And I'll just add that – I have shared in the past – these professional laboratory services agreement come with a couple of different components, as Steve just laid out. Certainly the reference piece, those margins would be similar to our other reference business relationships. And then, in some of these cases there is partnership involving Outreach as well. On the PLS piece itself, which is focused on taking some of the inpatient and outpatient in the hospital testing and partnering with them on that lab work – which previously was unaddressable revenue, so it's a new source of growth for us – those margins are lower than our overall book of business because we have to share the value creation with our partner. Obviously, when we go in, it's a supply arrangement, and therefore we have to save enough for us each to make a return. However, as Steve also pointed out, since there's really no significant capital outlay at that point, the ROIC is very attractive. And I also want to emphasize it's somewhat previously unaddressable revenues, so a new source of growth.
Mark J. Guinan: Sure. First off, A.J. – and thank you for the question – the 1.5% to 2.5% is on what we call an equivalent basis. So that does not include the headwinds from clinical trials. So this is excluding that. So the businesses that we continue to have or will be adding, such as the Hartford acquisition or new partnerships like Barnabas, are included in that. But that excludes the impact of the $85 million in the first half. So as we look at it, we talked about the price; and we expect price in 2016 to have some modest headwinds. And then mix, obviously, we didn't get to that specifically, but we wouldn't expect a materially different trend than what you saw through 2015. So we continue to grow our esoteric business; so we mentioned 5% growth in Q4. We continue to focus on our most profitable business opportunities. We have cleaned up our portfolio, which certainly you're seeing some of that benefit in terms of our customers. And as we engage with new customers, we're very focused on making sure that we get the value that we deliver through our pricing. So that's really the overall commentary. I would say the 1.5% to 2.5% is a combination of organic growth and we've had five straight quarters of revenue. We mentioned we had some volume, organic growth in this quarter, and an improving trend throughout 2016.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes, thanks, Nick. I'm sure as you can appreciate SG&A will bounce around quarter to quarter, depending on the timing of certain investments and other things that impact that overall expense. There is certainly not a trend to be read from that. You can see for the year we drove not only improvement in gross margin but leverage of our SG&A. You would expect we need to continue that in order to drive the leverage that we're implying for our guidance in 2016, and certainly the leverage we were implying through the outlook that I provided at the Investor Day in 2014. So, some of Invigorate is on the cost of sales line; some of it is on the SG&A line and you should not expect us to deleverage our SG&A going forward.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. So what I would say is the bad debt continues to be fairly stable. Mix, as we mentioned, mix is going against us: as we get a larger proportion of our revenues from patients, the bad debt rate on that is significantly, on an order of magnitude, higher than it is from the payers, whether it's commercial payers or the government. So that's something we have to offset. And through some of the good Invigorate work we've been doing, we've held that at bay and held it pretty stable. So that's what I would say is, without that one-time benefit, you should have expected to see some stability in our bad debt.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes, thanks, Bill. So, I appreciate the question. Obviously, we're going to provide guidance that we think is prudent and deliverable. We have provided a range. That range certainly includes some numbers that would put us into that 8% to 10%. I want to refresh people's memory that the 8% to 10% was a compound annual growth rate over three years, so it was not a commitment to do that every single year. And also in my prepared remarks, I reminded people that at that point we were obviously looking at a 2014 number that was a nickel lower than we actually delivered in 2014. And I certainly did not anticipate a reduction in our amortization, which was really driven by the fact that we did not have as much significant M&A activity in 2015. So, we feel in terms of what we committed to that we're on track. We're not behind. Certainly, depending on where we end 2016 within that guidance, we'll either be a little bit slightly below the CAGR or right in the CAGR. So really, what we want to do is provide guidance that we feel is prudent and deliverable, and as we progress through the year, obviously, we'll see where we might end up within that range. But we certainly don't think the guidance implies, given the framing I shared on 2015, that we're materially off of that 8% to 10%.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes, so Bill, I talked about three levers that would enable us to grow earnings significantly faster than revenue. One of them was the synergies that would be continued to be delivered to their kind of steady-state from acquisitions we had done early in 2014. So you would imagine that probably a lot of that has been delivered. The second piece has been our Invigorate, and it being large enough to offset price and wage inflation, and deliver some margin expansion. And then the third element is the leverage we get from organic growth. And so, we committed to improving our relative performance. As Steve talked about, minus 4% in 2013, then minus 2% in 2014, and then some revenue growth the last five quarters. And certainly, since there's not as much M&A in our guidance this year as there was in the 2% we got last year, which benefited from some carryover on Solstas, we're implying continued strengthening of our organic performance. And as you know, organic volume growth has a high drop-through, and as we get closer and closer to market rates, which we had committed we would do through the three-year timeframe, that's going to also enable us to lever our P&L. So you should expect accelerating organic growth, which will be a driver, and then continued to progress to get to the $1.3 billion of Invigorate, which will also accelerate our earnings leverage.
Mark J. Guinan: We never broke it down by quarter, Bill. So the best I'm willing to do, which I've said in the past, is that it was about 2% of our revenue and its margin was comparable. So, you can kind of frame what that would've contributed in Q4.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes, so obviously we're not going to project our volume beyond this year, Michael. I'm sure you can appreciate that. What we did commit to was getting back to market levels of revenue growth and also then gaining share at some point. But in the three-year timeframe through 2017, we felt it was incumbent upon us to get back to market-level growth and that's what we're certainly striving to do. I think, as everyone recognizes, we talk about utilization in a market that's really a bunch of submarkets. So one of the drivers, certainly, besides the fact that we have outstanding offerings, of the 5% growth in esoteric, is that some of those markets are growing. Certainly BRCA is a growing market; non-invasive prenatal testing is a growing market; hepatitis C is a growing market. And then you've got things that we mentioned and it's not quite behind us, such as paps, which is a declining market. Certainly the impact of some of the safety scares on testosterone has impacted that market in terms of utilization over the last couple years. So, there's really a bunch of markets moving somewhat different directions. And depending on each lab and certainly Quest's share in those markets, it's going to impact us all differently. So it would be really difficult, even if we were willing, to give you a volume number. That's why what we really feel better about is giving revenue numbers. And certainly, if you just look at volume, you miss some of the positive mix aspects that you've seen come through in our results over the last year-plus in terms of mix, higher mix of these esoteric offerings; higher mix of better customer pricing, being more disciplined in those ways. So that's what our focus is on as opposed to figuring out volume. We think the demographics we've talked about are positive, certainly aging population, growing population. We certainly, despite some of the recent negative news such as 40% fewer enrollees in the exchanges; some of the slower growth that we've talked about over the last 18 months in terms of enrollment; you've seen a major payer who has talked about some of the struggles with the exchanges. And despite all that, we still think the Affordable Care Act is adding patients with insurance, and that's a good thing for us. So, we do feel positive about volumes and trends and certainly expect to get our fair share of that. But it would be very difficult to give you some sort of a steady-state volume organic growth projection going forward.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, thanks, Mark. Well, we believe we have the right strategy to restore growth and build value for our shareholders. We delivered another solid quarter and a good year. We're building momentum with our focus on advanced testing. Hospital partnerships are building and our expansion of our health information solutions activities is promising. We have now delivered adjusted EPS growth for the seventh consecutive quarter. We are well positioned to deliver on our commitments for 2016. Now with that, we'd be happy to take any of your questions.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, we're building the business, Ricky, so with building any business this is part of our growth strategy, is to focus on these hospital partnerships, and we find the receptivity of hospital systems quite promising. And we've talked about in the past, we now have a number of deals that are already in our revenues in 2015. And we announced Barnabas in the fourth quarter, so that will start to show up in 2016. And again, these are growth rates of our organic revenues that Mark talked about. And then finally, as we have a nice robust funnel, more prospects in 2016. So we believe that this business will continue to build and contribute to our growth prospects for the company going forward. So that's the way we look at it.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yeah, sure. We've talked about it in the past. We do this test where we take a look at our known accounts that are our accounts; we have about 1,000. We look at year-on-year comparison. We did that in Q3 and we said that volumes picked up at the end of the quarter. And we've done that again in Q4, and what we'll say at this time is when we look at that it's feeling like Q4 was stable with the prior year. No notable change in that and that's the best insight we have around utilization in the market that we serve.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Great. And Lisa, to your point about the business prospects, actually I was down there earlier this week with Quintiles' management team. As you know, we started this joint venture Q2 Solutions in the second half. We're very pleased with the integration that's gone on so far. We've built a nice management team. We now have a good integration plan. We feel good about the cadence. And in parallel with the integration, we feel good about the prospects that we're seeing in our funnel and the business that we've retained. We're not going to comment specifically any new business, but we're encouraged about the beginning of the joint venture and the working relationships between both companies – and between both of us, ourselves and Quintiles – we'll give you more color as it evolves, but so far so good.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: And since we don't consolidate revenues, we're going to see it back in our earnings growth. And a lot of that earnings growth will come from the cost synergies that's implied in – or a portion of it's implied in our guidance.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, the way we look at this is we believe the market is continuing to look for partnerships. I said this in my opening comments. Hospitals are looking for partners like us to help them with their lab strategy. A piece of this is helping them run their hospital business, but also think about how we could partner with them in their more sophisticated testing – what we refer to as reference work. And so, then when we engage with clients or customers like Barnabas, we expect that we're going to start working with them and we're going to start to – continue to build their book of business with us. As far as margins, what we'll say is this. We're driving growth in this company and we're driving better ROIC. And included in our guidance around growth and included in our guidance around earnings growth, we do expect that our build of our professional lab services business will be accretive to our plan going forward.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yeah. Just to close on this, in 2015 we feathered in a number of PLS deals – so they're in our results – that help us with growth. But also, as you can see with our results, we expanded our margins by 110 basis points. So I feel good about our prospects of this piece of business along with other businesses growing the company and also making sure that we continue to deliver good return on invested capital.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. So, thanks, A.J. First of all, as you know, our position as an industry is the FDA does not have statutory authority to regulate laboratories. We're in the business of medicine and applying a device (35:00) regulation to our industry doesn't make sense. And it's duplicative with what we already have with CLIA. So that remains our position. Now with all that said, as an industry we also believe that the legislative action or process is the best solution to this and we're encouraged with what's been proposed from Congress as a good start. So we're engaging with Congress on their proposed legislation. We're doing this with other stakeholders. And as far as the FDA involvement in this, I trust Congress and their team, and also with the work in our trade association. We have engaged with the FDA as well to see if we can come up with a reasonable solution of what they are trying to accomplish, while at the same time address the issues we're concerned about. So we are working. We think the legislative action is the best action for us, and that would be much better than the current guidance that we've seen so far from the FDA.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. So first of all, let me start with PAMA. So, we've been engaged with CMS on this all last year, once we received their draft document. Two things, as I said in my introductory comments, we believe they did not get it right as far as the applicable labs; it needs to include hospitals. We've been quite clear on that and we've got a lot of support now from American Medical Association, American Hospital Association, and Congress to help us with that. So we've made that loud and clear. And then second is the timing. We think the ability for us to get the final guidance out this year, for us to submit the data, and then also for them to go through that data to refresh the clinical lab fee schedule by 2017 is a very, very tight timetable, as you can imagine. So those are the two big issues that we've highlighted. We're hopeful that we'll see something in the first half of 2016. They never commit to what the date is, but we're hopeful that we'll see something after they've digested everything we've provided to them in the last part of last year. So that's where that stands. As far as the FDA, as I just mentioned, we continue to work with Congress on a legislative action. We believe that's the best approach for this issue. We believe it is a good start. And again, as a trade association, we believe they do not have the statutory authority – the FDA does not have the statutory authority to regulate laboratories. So, we're going to work this in due course. We're hopeful that we can come up with something with Congress, and we'll see where that leads us. But this is going to be done step-by-step and kind of make progress and see where this evolves over the next several months.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Oh, the applicable lab? You can't handicap it. All I know is the message has been loud and clear. We got the support of the American Hospital Association, which clearly gets paid the same way we get paid. If they do not include hospitals – as we all know, those commercial rates are higher than our rates – so they need to be in the base to get a market view of the codes. Second, is the Senate has weighed in. The House has weighed in. Industry has weighed in. We clearly have done a good job of making sure – we want to make sure we get this right because it's important to all of us. Again, you go back to the definition of PAMA – it's Protect Access to Medicare Act – it's very important that Medicare beneficiaries continue to get the critical testing, and all those Medicare beneficiaries are not just in those large cities where we primarily serve. There's a lot of regional players and there's a lot of hospital outreach players in this marketplace that have to get fair rates from CMS.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, sure. It's a promising market. If you go back and look at our platforms for growth, companion diagnostics, and sometimes it's connected with precision medicine. It is an important part of our growth strategy. Several things – one is that we continue to work with the market-leading research organizations. About two years ago, we announced a relationship with Memorial Sloan-Kettering; we're actually taking their research and we are now marketing a product we call OncoVantage, with 34 actionable genes. And we're actually going to expand that panel this year as well with their help. So this is right in the middle of precision medicine, and clearly, we're providing the companion diagnostics associated with that. Second is, we're engaging with pharma. We announced the work this past quarter that we were doing. I talked about in my introductory remarks our recent announcement around melanoma. We continue to be highly engaged with all the pharma companies that have many companion diagnostics associated with their development funnels. So we're very well positioned in that regard. We do work now closely with Quintiles of getting an even better view in the marketplace and better access point for a lot of the smaller pharma companies with the relationship that they have, since they are the world's largest CRO. So, we think we're very well positioned as an innovation player; and now we're positioned even better with our relationship with Quintiles in terms of access to the market.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, we continue to work the market. Our strategy is to focus on Diagnostic Information Services. We're entirely focused on that. All our M&A has been associated around that. We've done some hospital outreach deals, the most notable one is Hartford's Outreach activity in the fourth quarter. We continue to have a nice funnel, and that's consistent with our strategy of 1% to 2% growth through acquisitions. Through our outlook, we believe there's plenty of prospects to support that. And in that regard, we also have been clear that we're going to only acquire when we can have a good business case to make money for our shareholders. And many of the deals we've done so far have justified themselves based upon cost synergies which, in our experience, is the best acquisitions you can do. So, we're still encouraged. We still have a strong belief that we can deliver this portion of our strategy, and we've delivered on that through the past several years.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: We said in our comments that we're quite encouraged. We're offering a lot of value. Typically, the payment is through payers or the risk-taking organization, so it could be an ACO; those people that are managing the population and have the financial incentive to provide this information to the physicians that are treating and managing patients' lives. So, in that regard, we've been off and running since the fourth quarter. Momentum is building. We've worked through the integration. The nice part about this is we're providing this capability in the normal workflow of a physician. We have tremendous, tremendous capabilities at the desktop of a physician with our order entry results reporting system which we call Care360. And so when they're in the order entry system, if in fact they want the visibility to this information that we're getting from Inovalon, they can easily access that information. And the payment model is back to, again, typically the risk-taking entity whoever that might be, the payer or in the case of an entity that's taking risk like an ACO. So, we're working both physicians' awareness of this capability along with payer awareness of this. And we're very encouraged about the prospects.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. Well, first of all, we started in the fourth quarter. We announced this deal in October. We've already signed some business; I mentioned that in our remarks that we signed some business. We're starting to – we'll start to see some flow in the first quarter and it will continue to build just like building any business. So it's implied in our guidance. We do expect some growth from this business in 2016 and that business will grow into the future.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, as you can imagine, you're selling to payers. So we have a hospital – excuse me – we have a health system team that calls on and manages our health insurance relationships. So, there's a portion of the sale that happens there. Second, is we have a health systems sales organization that calls on integrated delivery systems, and as I mentioned, some of those integrated delivery systems are taking risk and have ACOs, so we call there. Third, is we're equipping our physician sales force that goes in and talks to primary care physicians and all physicians, including our specialist physician sales forces. And so, we're training our sales force there and we have over 1,200 people in our sales organization. And this is complementary to what Inovalon already does in calling on the health insurance organizations as well.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, well, I'll start and then I'm sure Mark will add something to it. First of all, we continue to build our own market model. In 2014 when we had our Investor Day, we ran our model with a number of assumptions. And we say that the independent laboratory market's going to grow about 2% to 3% in value; and 2% to 3% in value has, as you know, a lot of moving parts. We also made some assumptions about the ACA impact. We've always assumed that as we have more insured lives in the United States that that would be net positive for this industry, net positive for us. But we all know that has been muted. There's some question about what will happen in 2016 around some of those lives. And then also, we assume in that, our advancement of technology. We're continuing to roll out new innovation to the marketplace, which helps with the growth rate assumptions and that was implied in the 2%, 3%. The aging population, for instance, Hepatitis C is a good opportunity for us, which we're taking advantage of, with the Baby Boomers who need to get tested, so all that is in the 2% to 3%. And also what we're seeing, Amanda, is what we refer to as density. We're seeing a continued improvement in the amount of tests we're getting through requisitions. And some of this also might be enhanced with the delays that we've seen since the Great Recession over the last, let's say eight to nine years. That people eventually when they show up to the physicians have more need for more testing per that episode. So, you put that all together and that's why we feel that 2% to 3% – and that's not in any specific year, but in the longer-term view – is a good gauge of the market. And we believe that utilization or volumes on a req basis would be slightly less than that, but on a test basis would be slightly greater than the reqs because you're getting an increase in the number of tests per requisition. So, that's what we have right now. As I said, in 2016, we saw utilization being somewhat stable. Like you, we look at all the different indications in the marketplace to get engaged with what's happening on – going on within the marketplace. But so far, it's feeling as we come out of this year, somewhat stable expectations for utilization in 2016.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: So we feel good about that $1.8 billion business growing 5% and we think the prospects continue to be good going forward.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yeah, so thanks, Mike, for your question. First of all, point-of-care diagnostics has been around for decades. I've been around for decades, invested in it, and know the market well. Where it has been successful is where there has been a good value proposition that has delivered something to the marketplace. So, chronic disease management, diabetes, it's done well. If you look at critical care in hospitals, if you were to go into a critical care unit with blood gas testing, that's been an example of good point-of-care testing value proposition. And then finally, emergency medicine, if you look at cardiac enzymes and the value of having those cardiac enzymes sooner, when the patient is being transferred to the emergency room, has a good value proposition. But in other areas where it's not quite clear, where it's not compelling, those promises have not really been delivered. With all that said, we're the world's largest diagnostic information services company. We're always looking at ways we can improve our cost structure. We buy from all the in-vitro diagnostic companies. If in fact there is a better platform to do some portion of our routine testing on a much more efficient, effective platform than the current ones that we use from all the suppliers, we're all ears. And so, we never not look at innovation that could be helpful in us delivering on our promise of great quality at some of the best prices in the industry. And our value proposition continues to be very, very strong. So point of care is a part of that, but you need to make sure that you really understand what it's going to do and where the value proposition is strong enough to get some traction. And again, we could be a utilizer of some of that if in fact the facts are compelling.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Great. Well, thanks, everyone, for all the questions and thanks for joining us on the call today. Just to conclude we had another solid quarter and finished the year strong. We appreciate your support, and have a great day. Take care.
