Stephen Rusckowski: You know, so thanks, Ross, certain I'll start and Mark will add to that. Sure, first of all we're off to a good start, we're pleased with our first quarter performance here. Yes, there's up a number of elements that contributed to the growth in the first quarter, we highlighted some of those in our script. First of all we do believe that will continue to get growth from our professional lab services work that we're doing. We saw some growth from that. Second is we continue to get nice growth from our advanced diagnostics portfolio and some of the more advance, what is typically referred to as esoteric testing that we do would call about some of those, and we've mentioned in the past the prescription drug monitoring and the work we're doing with the TV coiffure opportunities drive serious growth for us. We also got some nice growth through some other areas of the business, like our Wellness business, some or other -- some of our other services business. Across the board good balance growth consistent with our strategy that we had to focus at hospitals. That focus on our clinical franchises and bring new products to the marketplace to commercialize those better than we have in the past. And finally just good execution across the board. So let me turn over to Mark, to give some color round this and throughout the rest of the year.
Stephen Rusckowski: First of all it is going well, we announce it in the fourth quarter of last year. And a big component of it is what we're going round revenue cycle management and our billing operations and as a I said in our opening remarks it's going very well, we're pleased with that. Like you said this is a relationship so there is multiple areas beyond what we're doing around billing, we continue to build on that relationship and it's -- it's going well as well. We have a good relationship around our wellness business, we are their partner for wellness along with other -- other partners that we sell-through. Second is we continue to work with them on what we do with clients around data and population health and if you think about what we're doing with our professional laboratory services business, we're calling on the same people that are trying to become more efficient and better in delivering integrated delivery system and so that areas is promising as well; so often good start, doing what we said what we would do and the relationship will only get stronger overtime.
Stephen Rusckowski: Thank you. First of all the pipeline as we said is the support of our long-term goal of 1% to 2% of growth through acquisitions; we're hopeful about that going forward. As far as competition -- I would say the competition is stable versus what we've seen in the past. And finally is in regards to the PAMA, I think PAMA in general is changed that some would argue -- could look more catalyst in hospital outreached business as considered their strategy going forward. So when we engage with hospital systems run their lab strategy, many CEOs that are engaged with do understand that both the commercial rates as well as the clinical lab fees schedule rates will be under pressure. And this is one of the considerations that they think about as far as potentially selling their business or partnering with us in their business going forward. So if in fact there is some price pressure related to the refresh of the clinical fee reschedule that could be a further catalyst to accelerate some of this going forward but as you know, PAMA -- the data submission has been postponed by 60 days, we're still believing based on what they've told us so far that they are committed to trying to refresh the clinical lab fee scheduled by the beginning of '18 but we'll see on that. But there is another fact that we think is helping us with our discussions with hospital systems around their lab strategy.
Stephen Rusckowski: It's not that directly linked. I think it's a fact out there that CMS is looking at refreshing -- we couldn't let fee schedule as we often talked and so we get all the data, we don't know what's going to happen with that, but it's just a fact out there that is going to be pressure on rates. And therefore hospital CEOs are thinking about their options for outreach.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yes, so thanks Ricky. Let me give you some color around PAMA, now first of all the data put in all the data has been pushed out for 60 days and yet, CMS still is holding to the goal of refreshing the clinical lab fee schedule by the beginning of 2018. Now with all that said, we just took two months of really tight schedule and the way this will work is they'll get all the data by the end of May - let's call it June. They have to work through that for four months in of which in those four months, two of those months are in the summer months and then publish their rates that they will look to comment on in the September timeframe. And then they'll publish upon the rates in the fourth quarter for that beginning of January 2018. So as you think through this, the two-month delay in data reporting clearly is putting pressure on the schedule and that's why people are saying, 'Okay even that they still have the goal, it's impossible that they can get there.' I'll share with you exactly what we're hearing, but there is more pressure on them to put that altogether. Now with all that said, as trade association, we continue to be actively engaged with CMS. When we're down there for our annual meeting of UCLA several weeks ago, we've met with CMS. This is many members of our industry. They're very, very responsive to us, they listen to our concerns about data. Part of the response to see would postpone of the data collection is because we are engaged with them and we're also having discussions with them and members of congress about the definition of applicable laboratory. In the way CMS is implementing the approach right now is excluding a fair percentage of outreach which is a large portion of this market. So there will be another meeting next week with CMS and this is at the highest level CMS with [indiscernible] to talk about two issues; one is the timeframe and second is applicable laboratory. And we hope to engage as we've done so far as a trade association of being constructive and helpful to get the market-based approach right, which is the intent of the congress with this bill. We continue to work it with them. You also need to understand that this also has the backdrop of them having a lot on their table in the number of positions across the board in HHS and CMS not being filled. We also know that they've got to work through a lot. I'm giving you some of the color, but we're actively working this trade association and we believe that by doing so, it's going to serve this industry well.
Stephen Rusckowski: And just to round this off, we also said in our Investor Day in the fall that if in fact it is implemented in 2018, given the size of this business for us, the effect it could have based upon some of the estimates that we're going to be able to absorb that, given the opportunities we have around operators [ph] going forward in normal course of running our business. That's our position. We believe it's already implied in our outlook that there could potentially be some reduction here, but we don't know for certain until we get all the data collected. But we're managing this proactively going forward and we'll see what happens.
Stephen Rusckowski: And Jack, just to remind everyone, it's this the march we're on with growth. Back when we started with our strategy at 2012, we simply just restore growth and business that was shrinking organically. We have reduced that decline, we stabilized the business, we started to get some organic growth in '16 and our two strategy focus right now is number one, to accelerate growth. So what you see in Q1 is the continuation of that march of improvement and we believe a lot of the investments and capabilities and focus that we've put over the last several years is due to yield the results we expected. We're pleased with Q1. As I mentioned in my earlier comments, the results are a number of areas that led to the growth that you saw in Q1, but we believe we're off to a good start for the year.
Stephen Rusckowski: Just to make sure it's clear, PLS, it is a business. We're managing a portfolio of professional laboratory services accounts and like for any business, these accounts are different stages of the revolution. In that business, we have a number of accounts that have been with us for some time and like with any business, you're managing those accounts to make sure you have a referable account going forward. That's in our base as well. Second is we're growing new accounts, they're turning on. There might be some more opportunities to expand it into other hospitals so we've got growth within the install base as well with some growing accounts and then we're bringing on board some new accounts. So the highlights we've talked about at those new accounts, you put those three together and that has a business in its aggregate growing, but don't forget, we still have this install base of existing business that we could hear ourselves as well. We need to think about it as an existing business with managing accounts, growing accounts and then executing brand new accounts. But with all those three components, this is a growing business for us, it's a good business for us and it positions us nicely with integrated delivery systems.
Stephen Rusckowski: Thanks, A.J. Safeway relationship, we believe is the beginning of our consumer initiative working with retailers in a bigger way and part of this is around providing better access. We believe we have unparalleled access in the market, we're 2,200 patient service centers, we have 2,800 phlebotomist and physicians' offices, about 6,000 access points, but we believe some of these retailers we could be working with and safely as one had better locations and there is anywhere from 15% to 20% of laboratory requisition orders that go unfulfilled. So we're helpful by having better access. We're going to get more fulfilled requisitions and that's going to help our growth and also help some share if we have better access. We hope when a patient has a choice and who ask the question, 'who do you like to go to?' for their laboratory testing, that the patient will remember a better experience in a more convenient location for that experience and they'll choose Quest based upon our movement here. That's both growth, but also as you would expect as we start to come on board with some of these centers, we rationalize our presence in a zip code and we might shut down some of our smaller patient service centers and saves us some money as well. It's both growth and efficiency. And we do continue to have relationships and we do continue to have pilots with some of the other players in this retail space. We continue to have UBS [ph] as the client and we're optimistic about other retailers as they continue to evolve their health strategy. They see it as a nice expansion from what they do today around pharmacy and also it helps these retailers for getting traffic into their stores as well. It's a multi-faceted program for us that directionally, we're very, very optimistic about and I think we're off to a great start.
Stephen Rusckowski: Let me just underscore what Mark just said and remind you what we shared with you in the fall because it's important in our strategy in what we're doing every day. When we're talking about hospitals, it's about 60% of our market if we look at it and we have laid that out in three ways - one is what we could do to help them with their inpatient laboratory cost. These are cross centers that we could save the money. Number two, what Mark just went through as far as the reference testing, the advanced diagnostics to sell the hospital that they can't do themselves, they rely on laboratories like ourselves and then finally is outside of the hospital and some have outreach businesses, but they also are buying physicians and they're looking at serving geographic area and providing the laboratory services with those physicians that they now own or affiliate with. So when we have a discussion, it just was last week with a very large integrated delivery system, their lab strategy includes all three. We talk about our relationship with hospitals, yes it's the inpatient laboratory but it's a holistic view of how we approach the marketplace in a much more progressive holistic view as they build integrated delivery system. S it's all three components when we approach the systems and it's serving us well as you see in our good start of the year.
Stephen Rusckowski: We continue with all our partnerships, so this is the beginning. There's other things we could do with IBM. I'm not prepared to talk about that, but we believe all our partnerships start with something and they go from there.
Stephen Rusckowski: First of all, the refresh of the clinical lab fee schedule from PAMA -- I would just argue is a reality that's creating some catalyst on hospital systems; I must say all laboratories to consider their options going forward. And I would argue that as independent of whether any refresh takes place in 2018, 2019 or even 2020, it's just sitting there; that how they get paid for Medicare is being revisited and even though you've said that, its cuts is unclear on what the outcome will be until we gather all the data and we've talked about this before. Until we gather all the data, we don't have the visibility about the data, it's uncertain of what effect it would be. But we review that in general this review and the pressure that's on payment in general and we believe it's on the Medicare side with PAMA, but also on the commercial side is a good catalyst for us having these conversations with integrated delivery systems without the laboratories on the strategy going forward. So that's the first point I'd like to make. The second is the goal is still 2018; obviously if that's postponed or delayed, and if in fact you had a negative consequence associated with how we get paid, it would be helpful in 2018. But right now we're assuming that what they tell us is what they're going to do and therefore 2018 is what we're assuming and we'll see if that does happen.
Stephen Rusckowski: Okay, we appreciate all the questions. Thanks again for joining the call. As you heard, we had a strong quarter and we're off to a solid start in 2017. We're looking forward to meeting your commitments by our two-point strategy which is to accelerate growth and to continue to drive operational excellence. We appreciate your support and you have a great day.
Mark Guinan: Sure, thanks for the question, Ross. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks we got about 90 basis points in volume and revenue from M&A, largely that was CLP, work lapping CLP at the end of the first quarter, so we no longer have in that a tail wind. Part of this pretty largely ramped up so that annualize in the first quarter as well. So those are behind us in terms of strong year-over-year drivers of growth. Now what we do have in front of us is continued ramp up of HCA, we are just in the early stages of Montefiore, and then obviously we announced Peacehealth which has an outreach element and also in professional laboratory services element that we expect to execute have not close that yet. When we give our original guidance 2% to 3% to the global in growth. The only M&A included in that was CLP because that been executed, and while we are very optimistic about the closing piece and there's the heat pipeline of other potential M&A opportunities. Given the fact that we got a pretty broad range of 100 basis points in the work, cautiously optimistic after the first quarter we didn't feel this point compelled to change our revenue guidance yet.
Mark Guinan: So if I could just add two pieces of color to that Dan, one is that -- recall that when Medicare changes reimbursements we're equally impacted. So the buyer and seller are both equally impacted in terms of the value. If they get credit from commercial rates that doesn't matter to us, it doesn't change our evaluation because obviously we value it as our own commercial reimbursement. So while it might be more of a catalyst, it also reduces the value to both the buyer and the seller. And then in terms of competition, if you recall these outreach skills are largely cost synergy value creation opportunities, and so at any given outreach is likely to not be work the same to multiple competitors because it's highly dependent on where your laboratory is located, where your logistic routes are, where your patient services are currently located and there are geographical differences amongst any competitor who might be looking at purchasing an outreach. So in term -- there is always -- you know, larger opportunity likely to be a couple of parties at the table but it's not an auction because quite frankly, we're going to value them differently because it's based on that the infrastructure.
Mark Guinan: Rick, just to answer your specific question about is there anything we need to do to get ready, the answer is most of what we need to do is behind us. There is quite a bit of work to get the data together and we got it all together by the end of the first quarter when we needed to. Now, really what's in front of us is just once they publish the proposed rates, for us to take a look at it and obviously respond to that if appropriate and then as Steve mentioned, through our trade association, continue to push through what we think is appropriate, which is expanding the definition of an applicable lab. But there's not a lot of work per se between now and when everybody might decide to implement the new rates.
Mark Guinan: I don't think there's any step change in the environment. If anything, I think we've comment that utilization has improved directionally over a couple of quarters, so we are seeing some good signs in utilization. We've mentioned in the past that we monitor what we call our same source name account performance and certainly, we're seeing improvement in that over the last couple of quarters into the first quarter. These things can happen as well. We don't know whether that's a trend and it will continue, but in the first quarter, if there's anything I could point to outside of the things we talked about, certainly a lot of good deals we've done including things like Ancestry, et cetera are helping to drive some of that growth. I'd really say it's the utilization seem to be a little stronger than it was in the past year.
Mark Guinan: And the only other thing I'd add is that the timing of Easter probably mitigated in some of the pack that we lost at the extra day from leap year last year, so it's hard to predict how much that's going to impact you because it's not consistent every single year, but definitely the calendar shift on the Easter into the second quarter certainly helped Q1.
Mark Guinan: Amanda, we've decided that we're not going to break out PLS every single quarter. What I did say at Investor Day was that I would expect over the three year period to 20 that we would get about 100 basis points of less from PLS would be our expectation. So we do have a deep pipeline. It's going to vary quarter-to-quarter, given the timing of deals and so on and so forth. We're not quite there yet, but we're building toward that, so we got some good solid growths from our new PLS businesses and over time, we're expecting a keg [ph] around 100 basis point lift, but we're not going to break it out every single quarter.
Mark Guinan: There are absolutely assumptions just like we would in winning accounts in our guidance for the year. We have to make some assumptions around how we're going to perform. So we've got a deep pipeline of PLS opportunities. Unlike anyone would, we do some sort of probability adjusting against that in terms of getting those complete, the timing and so on. So there's absolutely an element of PLS in that original 2% to 3% organic guidance that we gave on an equivalent basis and depending on how things progress, that's why we give a range. It could be slightly more or less than we assume, but we're confident enough to build in the guidance and then on M&A, just given the fact that that's a lot less in our control. We just thought the prudent thing would be not betting on the com and having any unexecuted M&A specifically in that guidance. Again, the way I would encourage you to think about PLS is like winning a new account, a new hospital system for our core business, something we go out. It may not be quite as co-competitive because there's only a handful of labs that could actually perform the PLS deal, because it really takes economies of scale to drive that savings and quite often, these are so complicated, it's not even more than one part negotiation. It's just us alone talking to a hospital system. In summary, yes, we have some assumptions around our pipeline getting executed this year in that organic growth and we're very confident just like we've done in the past about our ability to hit that.
Mark Guinan: A.J., as we've shared before, we signed a 10-year agreement with them to manage our revenue cycle management and we do have commitments for them on cost savings to run that operation and yes, that started in Q1, but it gets feathered in over the life of the contract. And then the second element is Optum helping us reduce denials and bad debt as Steve mentioned. Although we started the real-time adjudication prior to the relationship, Optum is helping us to drive that faster and more deeply and maybe we could have done on our own. We feel very good about what they're doing and I can tell you that early on, we've seen a reduction in patient bad debt in the areas where we roll this out. So we're feeling good about it, we're seeing what we would expect. It's still early because at this point, it's largely just the patients who are engaging our patients service centers. We're working on solutions that will be available in obviously the change managements plan to roll it out in the physician office where about 60% of our volume comes from. So today, it's really patient service centers moving in office phlebotomist and then eventually moving into the physician's office where ultimately we'll get the full benefit. But we're very encouraged and we're absolutely seeing a reduction in the rate of patient bad debt where we've rolled out this real time adjudication.
Mark Guinan: Right. When you say hospital relationships, that's multi-faceted. I think it might be specifically time about special laboratory services where we're actually serving them for the work that is not explicitly billable. So it's the laboratory work they have to perform in order to get paid under the DRG for inpatient outpatient et cetera. Those margins as we've shared are lower than our core, but double-digits. That's as explicit as we've been and then in terms of our relationship and that word is really important, when we have our relationship with a hospital and we do professional laboratory services, we typically get most - if not all of the reference work. So we've talked about the fact that we do reference work for half the hospital in the country. That is the high end at more esoteric type work, but either they are not able to, or have made a rational decision not to perform given limited size and scale, so there's a handful of people that do their work. We have the largest reference work at any laboratory. So that's another part of our relationship with hospitals and then certainly the other part of the relationship is we've got other businesses that [indiscernible] hospitals their large employers, we've got our wellness business so we can help them keeping their population healthy. We've got some of our diagnostic tools that certainly can help them manage everything laboratory spend to benchmarking their clinical practice of utilization of diagnostic. So there's a lot involved in a relationship with a hospital, but specifically on the PLS, its double digits, but slightly lower than our core margin.
Mark Guinan: Yes, appreciate it. In our advanced diagnostics business, we have our oncology franchise and related to that, if you recall several years ago, we formed a relationship with Memorial Sloan Kettering where we put together a product that's called OncoVantage. It's going to take some of their content, some of the research with 34 actionable genes. OncoVantage essentially is a product that delivers on precision. That is [indiscernible] oncology. And what we also realized with Memorial Sloan that we needed a cognitive computing partner. So we at this fall announced now teaming up the two of us with IBM and this is for IBM Health Watson. They are our cognitive computing partner. So collectively now, the threesome is going at the market and the opportunity in front of us is about 70% of oncology here is in community healthcare centers, not in large urban centers like what Memorial Sloan will be serving. This is a big opportunity for us and we have our own dedicated sales force, it's backed up with a brand and the content from Memorial Sloan, but now when working with IBM, we believe that their sales force and their presence with integrated delivery systems and also just in general, public awareness of precision medicine in computing and healthcare is being helped by IBM. You might have seen some of the ads. They have been running and one of those specific ads that need to actually do highlight the work they're doing with us in Memorial Sloan in the field of cancer. So we think it's a step in the right direction and it's often running well.
Mark Guinan: So while the other element, Steve, is that if it's delayed because they expand the definition of applicable lab, we would assume that's probably a positive for the industry and certainly for us; and I can assure you that when I laid out the view from 2020 in terms of the 3% to 5% top line growth and mid to high single digit bottom line growth, I was building in some level of COGS on the clinical lab fee schedule into our revenue growth assumptions, but that was not building in some sort of a steep change in the competitive environment where we were picking up significant volume because people couldn't survive in a world where Medicare cuts were made. So I would be cautious about assuming that we're hoping that cuts happen as large as possible, as quickly as possible; we certainly would not -- be disappointed if things get delayed.
Mark Guinan: Well, it's absolutely all other things equal going to be a volume headwind in Q2, just like it helps us a little bit in Q1. But you know, there is so many factor that go in, it's just one element of growth in the second quarter. But if you're looking at -- if there is something in the second quarter that would be a headwind, yes, the fact that Easter is in the second quarter is something to factor in.
