James Davis: Yes. Thanks, Jack. So it's always hard to discern in this industry what is share gain versus demand return to care and things like that. We don't get perfect data on it. But our sense is it's some of both. On the share gain side, we look closely at our growth through each of the commercial payers. And when we see gains that are above and beyond the average and we see the benefits of those programs, those value-based programs that we work with them, which is around leakage. It's around focusing on physicians that are using out-of-network labs, we see the benefits of those programs, and therefore, conclude its share gain. Certainly, there's been some strong return to care.  On the Payment Integrity side, I can tell you that, look, it's a never-ending effort here in Quest Diagnostics to continuously work denials, to make sure that we understand the payer policies, what are the diagnostic that support those policies and then work back through our physician base to make sure that the tests that they're ordering are appropriate tests. So we haven't seen any discernible impact with some of those policies you're referring to. But we work collaboratively with the payers to understand them and then work back with our physician base to try to correct any errors.
James Davis: Yes. Jack, I would just add, obviously, you can see the base -- you can see the margin improvement from Q1 to Q2. That comes through pretty clear. You can do the math on the base margin improvements from Q2 of last year to Q2 of this year, when you make the assumptions on the drop-down of the COVID revenue, which you've -- you're in the range with the numbers you've used in the past. So we're really pleased with the base margin improvement from Q2 of last year to Q2 of this year and very pleased with the improvement from Q1 of this year to Q2 of this year.
James Davis: Yes. And Liz, on the labor front, at Investor Day, we showed a chart that said pre-COVID, our turnover of what we call our frontline roles, which is phlebotomy, logistics, specimen processing, our call centers, was in the 14% range, our total turnover. We showed a chart that said in the fourth quarter, it was upwards of 23%. It's come down modestly in the first part of the year, but still hasn't come down to the levels, obviously, pre-COVID or to where we would like them. Now you're right. It's a trade-off between increasing wage rates and the price -- and the cost you pay for this turnover. We've estimated that each turnover, each person can cost us upwards of $8,000 to $10,000 depending on the role. And that's simply the lost productivity or the time it takes to get somebody from day 1 to as efficient in that role as a person who's been in the role for 2-plus years.  So it's about $8,000 to $10,000 which if you do the math on that, could have upwards of a $20 million impact in the second half of this year. Now we're at the high end of our wage rate guidance that we gave. We said 3% to 4%. We're certainly at that high end. And if we need to make adjustments, we obviously look at the ROI on that. And we're faced with those decisions. And in certain markets, we will make adjustments to get the turnover to a place that we're comfortable with.
James Davis: Yes. Thanks, A.J. Just on the NewYork-Presbyterian book of business, when we buy that outreach book of business, it actually is in our Physician bucket, not our Health System bucket, because it's physician offices, and we build third-party payers for that.  Our Health System business in the quarter was really helped by the PLS side. Our reference book of business was strong as well, but our PLS growth was very, very strong. excited by the 3 deals that we mentioned in the script with Tower Health, Lee Health and Northern Lights being some of the newer ones. So it was -- that generated substantially more growth in the quarter.  Now as we've always said, PLS has slightly lower operating margins than our normal physician office book of business. But we really like the ROIC on that, okay? So it's got a strong return on capital and that's why we continue to do this. So in terms of the outlook, our funnel of opportunities is strong. We hope to have more closed in the second half of this year on both the PLS side as well as new reference wins. So we're optimistic that the Health Systems portion of our business will continue to grow.
James Davis: Yes. Then in terms of the cost take out $100 million. Look, we're always looking to be the most efficient we can and obviously, spend every dollar as wisely as we can. But we're also going to continue to invest in this business. We've made strong investments in CIT. And I think as you heard in our script, it's paying off for us. We've got really nice growth out of that. It's now turned profitable.  The Alzheimer's test that we've brought to market that requires investment, and we're going to continue to invest in that space. We're going to continue to invest in molecular genomics and oncology because we're getting growth in that space. And with the Haystack acquisition, we're going to continue to invest there to try to get the test to market as quickly as possible and build a stronger presence. So we're always going to balance the 2. But we're investing in this business for the future.
James Davis: Yes. So we're optimistic that the growth will continue here. In the second half of the year, July to date has been strong consistent with what we saw in June. We generally don't break apart our PLS growth from the growth in our core business. We've said externally that our PLS growth is -- our PLS business is about a $600 million franchise. We said the health system market grew at 10%, PLS grew north of that, reference grew less than that.  So I think you can get a sense for what that contributes to our total growth. But we're optimistic on the prospects with our health systems. The funnel of PLS opportunities remain strong. Health systems need our help, and we think we've got a great offering that helps meet their needs.
James Davis: Yes, Kevin, let me take the labor piece, and then I'll turn it over to Sam here. So on a previous question, we talked about pre-COVID, our attrition rate of our frontline positions was in the 14% range. In December, Q4 it was 23%. The chart we showed at Investor Day in March, it's slightly better than that. We have quantified it. We've said it's about $8,000 to $10,000 per employee. And in the second half of the year, we think it can be upwards of a $20 million impact versus where we would want it to be at this point in the year.  So now, is the labor market is easy? Unemployment rate sits at 3.6% right now. The Fed has signaled that they're trying to actually get the unemployment rate back upwards of up to 4.1%, 4.5%. The interest rates are going to take a notch up again today. So we think there's going to be easing in the markets going forward, but it's hard to predict. And so right now, I think we're being appropriately conservative on the guidance in the second half.
James Davis: Kevin, the last thing I'd add is when you think about price in this business, we tend to always think about commercial payers, Medicare and Medicaid. You have to remember that there's another $2.5 billion on an annual basis where we price directly to Health Systems, to Physicians. And then we have $800 million worth of other businesses between employer solutions, our drug testing business, our wellness business, and our ExamOne business, which serves life insurance companies.  So we are getting price in those segments of our business. And as Sam indicated, our price performance will be better in the second half than it was in the first half primarily from the lift we're getting on that side of our portfolio.
James Davis: Yes. So on the first question, I just want to make sure we're not confusing terminology here, value-based care and value-based incentives. So when we talk about value-based care, these are generally arrangements where Medicare has put lives directly into these ACO reach programs for Medicare Advantage plans delegate lives into large integrated physician groups.  Now in both of those situations, we are contracting directly with these ACO REACH organizations and directly with these large physician groups. And we believe that those value-based care programs that Medicare and Medicare Advantage are driving are very good for the lab business because generally, they delegate lives at a fixed price, and in fact, labs become much more useful in terms of helping physicians ensure that diseases and conditions do not progress. So we feel good about that.  I think what we're generally -- when we talk about the health plans and we talk about these things called value-based incentives. So these are programs that we structure with the health plans to help them reduce leakage to out-of-network labs and to help us redirect requisitions that are flowing into more expensive health system laboratories and have those requisitions flow directly into Quest Diagnostics.  So when we are successful in those efforts, there can be value-based incentives that we earn when we help them earn the -- when we achieve those targets of reducing leakage and moving work from higher-priced hospital labs into independent labs like Quest Diagnostics. So we seek to do more of both of those programs, value-based care programs with ACO REACH and these value-based incentive programs with our large payers.
James Davis: Yes. So on the first part of your question, we did not note any other notable changes with respect to the preferred lab network. We still remain part of that preferred plan network, and that's our plan going forward. In terms of narrowing networks, when we speak to all our commercial payers, we always think it's better, from their perspective, to have both independent labs in network that actually improves their ability to make sure that requisitions are going to lower cost, lower price environments, which is good for the payer. It's good for the employer, and it's good for the patient. And so we don't see any change in that trend to narrow networks that restrict access to independent laboratories.  Now having said that, there's laboratories that play on the fringe that could be expensive single-type test environments. And I think the payers are always looking at specialty labs versus independent labs that can do some of that specialty work as well.
James Davis: Yes. I just want to remind, we're going to continue to invest for growth in this business. As we mentioned, again in the script, we've invested in CIT, and we're really starting to see the fruits of that investment. We look at a metric called return on ad spend, it's now positive. So we're going to continue to invest there because we believe it's driving growth, and it's now driving profitable growth.  We talked about our Alzheimer's portfolio of tests. We're going to continue to invest in that area. These blood-based tests, we have the AB42, 40 test up and running. We have the ApoE up and running. These are blood-based tests. These are going to be more useful than CSF or PET scans and less costly to the environment.  We're going to continue to invest in the molecular side of our business. We're going to continue to invest in the oncology business. And that's going to -- all of these things are going to position us for the higher growth segments of the laboratory industry and ensure our long-term outlook.
James Davis: Well, we think with the combination of Haystack, which, as you noted, is centered on minimally residual disease testing post cancer diagnosis. And we brought up our own internal assay for therapy selection. So from a therapy monitoring and therapy selection standpoint, we believe we're very well positioned for future growth. We continue to invest on the genetics side of our business, hereditary genetics, genetic offerings for diagnostic purposes and then the family planning and prenatal genetics is also an area that continues to receive focus.  So we believe we're well positioned on the cancer side. We continue to make some investments on the genetic side and that's where the -- we think we're well positioned. Now again, our focus right now, we'll continue to focus on hospital outreach deals and other small tuck-ins that are accretive to our business.
James Davis: All right. Well, thank you, everyone. We -- again, I believe we had a strong quarter here. The outlook for the second half. We've taken up our revenue guidance, feel good about that, and thank you for supporting Quest Diagnostics. Have a great day.
Sam Samad: Yes. Thanks, Jack. So we are assuming for the year, operating margins to be at approximately 16.5%. In terms of productivity, you've seen good benefits from our Invigorate program. And we expect those to, if anything, continue for the rest of the year and even accelerate in Q3 and Q4. So we are seeing good momentum on our Invigorate programs. We're seeing the $100 million of SG&A savings that we've talked about. We're seeing those materialize as of the beginning of Q2, and they will continue for the rest of the year as well for a total year impact of $100 million.  On the other side, we are also seeing, as you heard in the prepared remarks, a tough labor and turnover and macro environment. So turnover continues to persist to be higher than we expected, and that's driving pressure also on margins. But we are expecting approximately 16.5% for the year in terms of OM.
Sam Samad: Okay. Thanks, Liz, and I appreciate the congrats. So let me talk about DCP deferred compensation, and I'll turn to Jim for productivity and some of the trade-offs that you're referring to there. So in terms of DCP, let me just clarify what it is and the impact.  So first of all, the expense that we saw, which impacts SG&A is the -- related to the increase in the market value of obligations in our supplemental deferred comp plan. That does not have an impact on EPS because it is offset on the nonoperating income line with a benefit. So it's a net neutral on EPS, but it does impact operating margin. Sometimes we don't see it materially impact us. It's related to market movements.  This quarter, it impacted us materially to the tune of 30 basis points impact on operating margin percent. So if you exclude that, it would be our operating margin percent would have been 17%. If you compare it to last year, because last year, and this is where it gets maybe a bit more complicated. But last year, we actually had a benefit in terms of expenses on -- related to deferred compensation, plan market value -- the fair market value change. And so compared to last year Q2, it's an impact of 1%.  So actually, if you compare Q2 2023 OM versus Q2 2022 OM, we would have been relatively flat in terms of operating margin percent quarter-over-quarter last year even despite the drop in COVID revenues, a significant drop to the tune of approximately $300 million that we saw year-over-year in terms of COVID revenues.  Now as you look towards the rest of the year, Liz, we don't forecast deferred compensation plan. I mean that's not something that we forecast. We assume it's a net neutral impact, both on the P&L, on EPS and on operating margin. So the impact that we saw in the first half, which is roughly about 50 basis points of operating margin or 30 basis points, I should say, is carried through for the rest of the year. And so that 16.5% full year operating margin is impacted by the DCP in the first half. So that's the best way I can characterize it.
Sam Samad: Yes. And one additional comment, A.J. So with regards to the expectations in the second half on PLS, as Jim said, we are seeing strong growth in that business. In the second half, from a year-over-year perspective, we had some big wins in the first half of last year as well that ramped up in the second half of last year. So from a year-over-year perspective, we do lap some of those PLS wins and that mutes our revenue growth to some extent. But we're seeing really great momentum on the PLS side of the business.
Sam Samad: Yes. No, it's -- so the 16.5% would be the launching point if you're thinking about the 3-year outlook, Patrick, and the improvement that we guided in the -- in Investor Day, which is the 75 to 150 basis point improvement. That's still the right number to be thinking about longer term off of the 16.5% launching point at the end of this year.  In terms of a couple of things that you mentioned, onetime items I think we talked about the DCP, which was more significant in Q2 and for the first half of the year, maybe you can call that onetime. But although it is recurring, but we don't forecast for it. Sometimes it's a benefit. Sometimes it's a negative in terms of an operating margin percent. Last year, in the first half, it was actually a benefit. This year in the first half, it's a negative.  Pricing environment is very good. It's really good. We're seeing good momentum with the health plan value-based contract arrangements that we have. And we expect the pricing environment actually in the second half, where the pricing benefit in the second half to improve versus the first half.  Now as we think about '24, we've talked about before that PAMA is still an uncertainty. And so until we have more certainty around whether there's another PAMA delay or a SALSA bill that gets passed, there's still some uncertainty there for '24.
Sam Samad: Yes. So with regards to -- thank you, Brian, first of all, for the question. So with regards to 24, we didn't guide 24. We gave some long-term targets around what we expect our operating margin to look like over the next 3 years as we continue to execute on productivity improvements, Invigorate and apply cost savings into the business. The $100 million that you referred to, which, by the way, next year will be part of our run rate. So we wouldn't expect to see an improvement year-over-year in '24 versus '23 because we're -- except for maybe 1 quarter.  But I would say the 16.5%, as I mentioned to Patrick, becomes the launching point for the future. And we do expect with continued Invigorate offsetting inflation with the cost reductions in the business that we've applied and now will continue and that are generating the expected improvements, we do expect to drive improvement in our operating margins long term. There is the uncertainty about PAMA, which is what drives the range of either 75 to 150 basis points improvement over the 3 years.
Sam Samad: And Pito, maybe I can give a couple of additional comments on sort of second half versus first half, which is I think, where you're driving at here. So listen, we've had a great first half, close to 10% revenue growth. But as you think about the second half, there are a couple of things to keep in mind. First of all, we had some easier compare in the first half versus 2022. Obviously, we were in the midst of COVID, base business was impacted by that. So there was some easier compare in the first half that we don't expect to repeat in the second half.  On the prepared remarks, we talked about the COVID flu panel, which is about a 1% negative impact on growth in the second half, definitely compared to the first half. We talked about lapping some PLS wins, which also has a muting effect on our growth in the second half. So when you factor all of these combined, obviously, you can look at our implied growth in the second half based on guidance and it's well lower than the first half, and it's driven by some of these factors that I just gave you.  In terms of July, we are still seeing higher than our traditional utilization. So we're still encouraged by what we're seeing in terms of utilization in July. So -- but we're being appropriately conservative in the second half in terms of what the utilization would look like.
Sam Samad: Yes. And so Kevin, let me give you some commentary around second half versus first half margins and why you should have confidence in the margin outlook that we gave, the approximately 16.5% for the year.  So first of all, and just to remind everybody, in Q2, our margins expanded by 170 basis points sequentially despite an $80 million drop in COVID, roughly $80 million drop in COVID. So we had some great momentum in terms of operating margin.  As we look towards second half versus first half, here are some of the dynamics that you should factor. Our CIT business, which was net dilutive on operating margins in the first half, becomes accretive in the second half. So we expect to see that business -- as we're very encouraged by the momentum and it becomes actually, it's become profitable in Q2, and it's going to be accretive for the second half of the year. Pricing is a net -- also net accretive and will continue to improve in the second half, and it's definitely a step-up from the first half.  SG&A, we started to achieve those $100 million annualized savings in Q2. And so we expect to achieve the remainder in Q3 and Q4, we didn't have that benefit in Q1 of this year. We talked about DCP, and I don't want to focus too much on that, but it was a headwind in the first half, which we don't expect in the second half. Offsetting that is the fact that we have some lower COVID revenues in the second half because right now per our guidance, we're expecting approximately $40 million in the second half, which is definitely well south of the $160 million that we achieved in the first.  So -- but as you look at this momentum of all of these things, plus the ramp-up of Invigorate improvements that we expect to see in the second half -- and yes, there is some Haystack dilution, which is to the tune of about $0.15 to $0.20 for the year. But as you look at all of these factors, we are very confident about the ability to achieve the outlook that we gave in terms of operating margins.
Sam Samad: Yes. Sure, Eric. So no, we didn't quantify the reduction in investment spend. We did have lower investment spend in Q2 versus Q2 of last year, but we haven't quantified how much it is.  With regards to the SG&A benefits and the $100 million, I think the assumption that you can make is it's about 1/3 of that $100 million that was realized in Q2 and we expect the same to occur in Q3 and Q4.
