Sam Samad: Thanks, Jim. In the first quarter, consolidated revenues were $2.33 billion, down 10.7% versus the prior year. Base business revenues grew 10% to $2.21 billion, while COVID-19 testing revenues declined approximately 80% and to $119 million. Revenues for diagnostic information services declined 11.1% compared to the prior year, reflecting lower revenue from COVID-19 testing services, versus the first quarter of 2022, partially offset by strong growth in our base business. Total volume, measured by the number of requisitions, declined 3.8% versus the prior year with acquisitions contributing 10 basis points to total volume. In the quarter, total base testing volumes grew 7.9% versus the prior year. Recall, our base testing volumes in the first quarter of last year were negatively impacted by surge in COVID-19 cases due to the spread of the Omicron variant. If we normalize for the impact of the easier comps due to the Omicron surge in Q1 2022, we estimate base volume growth at approximately 4%. COVID-19 testing volumes continued to decline during the first quarter. We resulted approximately 1.3 million molecular tests in the quarter, down approximately 5 million tests versus Q1 of 2022. The Revenue per requisition declined 7.7% versus the prior year, driven by lower COVID-19 molecular volume. Base business revenue per req was up 2.3%, due primarily to more tests per acquisition, as well as positive payer and test mix. Unit price was roughly flat, which was consistent with our expectations. Reported operating income in the first quarter was $305 million or 13.1% of revenues compared to $513 million or 19.7% of revenues last year. On an adjusted basis, operating income was $350 million or 15% of revenues compared to $554 million or 21.2% of revenues last year. The year-over-year decline in adjusted operating income is related primarily to lower COVID-19 testing revenues, partially offset by growth in the base business. Reported EPS was $1.78 in the quarter compared to $2.92 a year ago. Adjusted EPS was $2.04 compared to $3.22 last year. Cash from operations was $94 million in the first quarter versus $480 million in the prior year period. The decline in operating cash flow was primarily related to lower operating income and an additional payroll cycle during the quarter versus the prior year. Now turning to our updated full year 2023 guidance. Revenues are now expected to be between $8.93 billion and $9.08 billion. Base business revenues are expected to be between $8.78 billion and $8.88 billion. COVID-19 testing revenues are expected to be between $150 million and $200 million. Reported EPS expected to be in a range of $7.52 to $8.02 and adjusted EPS to be in a range of $8.45 to $8.95. Cash from operations is expected to be at least $1.3 billion and capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $400 million. There are some things to consider for the remainder of the year. We have lowered our COVID-19 revenue guidance, which now assumes very modest COVID-19 revenue following the end of the public health emergency in May. COVID 19 molecular volumes have declined faster than we expected over the last several weeks. And we now expect minimal volume contribution from the retail channel post PHE. We have raised our base business revenue guidance to reflect stronger base volume trends and the recent close of the NewYork-Presbyterian transaction. We expect the Haystack Oncology transaction to close in the second quarter. Our updated EPS guidance reflects the expected dilution from this transaction in 2023. We expect this deal to be modestly dilutive to EPS over the next three years and accretive to earnings by 2026. We anticipate Haystack Oncology to begin contributing revenue in 2024 and to have a positive ROIC by the end of 2025. With that, I will now turn it back to Jim.
Sam Samad: Sure, Patrick and good morning. Thanks for the question. So listen, we had 15% operating margins in Q1. I'll talk about some of the drivers in terms of -- to your question, looking forward and how we get to that approximately 17% that we guided to on Investor Day, and we're still committed to that approximately 17% number that we guided for 2023. So here are some key drivers. First of all, Q1 margins came in on the base business strong. And, overall, as expected, we had a negative impact from COVID revenues, both coming down more precipitously than expected, but also the mix on COVID. We saw more testing done at the PLS sites that at other sites, which are lower cost for us. But in terms of Q1, came in as expected. As we look forward, we start to see a few things help margins. First of all, keep in mind, Q1 is usually our weakest quarter as well. But as we look forward, you expect Invigorate savings to or productivity improvements to ramp up, and that has already started but will ramp up over the course of the year. We set our SG&A reductions of approximately $100 million will really take effect more so in Q2 onwards. And so, that will help margins going forward as well. We're seeing, as I said, good strong base business growth and volume that's going to help us. We're seeing good tailwind from pricing. Our pricing environment is the best that it's ever been. We're seeing a modest benefit from pricing this year compared to the 50 basis point headwind that we saw last year. And before that, we used to have even more headwind than that. So all of those factors, as you look forward in terms of productivity, in terms of SG&A improvement, in terms of volume growth, give us confidence about getting to that 17%.
Sam Samad: Yes. So, Kevin, first of all, thanks for the question. So we said this deal will be modestly dilutive this year and modestly dilutive for the next three years and will be actually accretive for us in terms of earnings in 2026. We haven't shared exactly how dilutive of it is for 2023. But let me give you a couple of, maybe, nuggets or qualitative directional comments. First of all, in terms of our overall guidance, as you saw, we kept our guidance midpoint the same. We narrowed the guidance by $0.10 on EPS, so I'm referring here specifically to adjusted EPS. And the drivers of that were, improved base business, which is taking us higher, lower COVID, which is going the other way, and some modest dilution from the Haystack acquisition. But all in all, if you put all those together, we're still at the midpoint of the adjusted EPS guidance that we were last quarter. In terms of going forward, the annualized EPS dilution from Haystack next year is actually less than what we expect to see this year. So it starts to improve. It's -- next year is the peak dilution for the deal. And in 2025, the dilution is lower. So it's actually a year-over-year EPS improvement. And then in 2026, as I said, it's accretive for us from an EPS perspective. ROIC wise, as I said, it turns positive by the end of 2025. And we expect it to have a -- it definitely clears our hurdle for ROIC expectations in the next five years.
Sam Samad: One other thing, just to wrap up on the financials. Kevin, back to your question around dilution. I do want to mention, for the longer term, we are committed to the Investor Day guidance that we gave around long-range guidance, which said mid-single-digit revenue growth and high single-digit EPS growth. The Haystack acquisition actually modestly improves on that as well. So I just wanted to provide this for the long-term guidance, given that we just shared at an Investor Day not too long ago
Sam Samad: Yes. So the guidance we gave for the year, we said our wage inflation would be in the 3% to 4% range. No surprises there. We still feel good about that overall guidance that we set for the year. Our turnover rates have improved from Q1 of last year. Sequentially, for most job categories, it improved from Q4 to Q1. And we continue to see the trend back towards a normalized attrition rate. When I say normalized, sort of, pre-COVID levels. It is not yet back to those levels unlike volume, but it is trending in the right direction, and we feel good about where our wage inflation was in the first quarter and for the year.
Sam Samad: Yes. And thanks, A.J. On the buyback, so what's assumed in our guidance in terms of adjusted EPS is that we will offset equity dilution in terms of share buybacks. So we'll do enough to offset equity dilution. We are still committed to returning the majority of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. So that's still our commitment. We communicated it on our Investor Day. We're obviously still committed to it. But we also said that we're going to scale share buybacks up and down depending on also the M&A pipeline and the impact that might have on growth and driving our strategy and also our long-term growth. We had -- in the quarter, we talked about -- or at least, recently, we talked about NewYork-Presbyterian and the fact that, that's a $275 million capital deployment. We talked about now today, Haystack and that's an additional capital deployment of $300 million. So we've got good progress here on the M&A front. So that's also why we didn't do any share buyback in Q1.
Sam Samad: Yes. So, John, just to add to that, it is dilutive in Q1 to margins. But as Jim said, it's going to improve throughout the year. So that's another aspect of why our margins overall improve, although this one is more modest.
Jim Davis: Yes. Hey, thanks, Ann and good morning. So our growth in the quarter, again, 10% base revenue growth was strong across all channels, our physician segment and our health systems segment. Now within the health systems segment, we look at our reference business and our PLS business. Our reference business was powered by growth from existing accounts as well as we had several new big wins that, we actually win those deals in previous quarters, but the start-up was in the first quarter. On the PLS side, our professional lab services, our growth at existing site same-store sales was very strong. But we also added, as you know, a couple of new PLS sites, both in the fourth quarter that were ramping up and in the first quarter. Those were Lee Health in Florida, as I mentioned in the script, Tower Health and then Northern Light in Maine, a multi-hospital health system up in Northern Maine continued to wrap up in the first quarter. So broad-based growth, physician business was very strong, health system business strong and PLS certainly helped the average growth rate in the quarter.
Jim Davis: Yes. The last thing I'd add, Patrick, is our test mix in the quarter was strong. Our investments in advanced diagnostics continue to pay off. We saw, as I said in the script, really nice growth in advanced cardiometabolic testing, prenatal genetics, hep B, hep C. So these are all margin accretive types of tests. So we feel good about that.
Jim Davis: So I think there's evidence of a strong return to care. So I just said that our advanced testing portfolio was certainly up in the quarter. We also saw just strong growth in routine testing, routine cardiometabolic, lipid panels, chemistry panels and things like that. Generally, general health and wellness visit has high test per req, because you're testing across the entire human body. So I think our test per req were really powered by that.
Jim Davis: Sure. So I think as everybody knows, in general, our contracts with commercial payers average three to five years. So on average, every year, we're going to renegotiate about 25% of our health plans contracts. We're now a-third of the way through the year, and we've progressed nicely on two of the contracts that have been renewed. We have a few more to do throughout the rest of the year. So what I would tell you is, look, we have a great value story. Consistently, we're able to move requisitions from high-priced institutions, health systems and out-of-network labs into Quest Diagnostics. And we try to negotiate incentives for doing that. And when we do that work, we get paid incremental value. So these value-based contracts are on the rise. And we certainly make the case around inflation and things like that. But as I've said in the past, we don't lead with that. We lead with the fact that we offer great value, and we want to get paid for that value. So negotiations are going well. We said in the quarter that price was flat, which we haven't been able to say in a long time. Q4, we were down 50 basis points. Q1 we're flat. So we continue to make improvement and expect to make improvement throughout the rest of the year.
Jim Davis: Yes. So Kevin, let me talk a little bit now about why Haystack and why now. So first, as we talked about at Investor Day, when we are looking to close a capability gap, if you will, in our portfolio, the first thing we do is we reach out to our IBD partners. And over the last several years, we've had deep discussions. We know what their road maps are. And we didn't think that was a pathway to follow to get into this space, at least in the next several years, let's just say. Over the last three years, we've had many discussions with many of the players in the MRD space. We got to know Haystack over the last year. We think they have the lowest limit of detection of any MRD assay out there. In terms of just raw numbers, they can detect one part per million, meaning you have 1 million floating dead cells, as they die they release DNA, the fragments of DNA and there's a lot of DNA in your bloodstream and these guys with this assay can find one fragment of cancer DNA per 1 million parts. That is an incredibly low limit of detection. The sensitivity of the assay at Landmark is very, very high, 80% to 90%. And so we think it's a best-in-class assay. The work they've done on some of their preliminary trials, 450 patients across 23 Australian centers. I'd refer you to the New England Journal of Medicine article in June of 2022. So we think it's the right assay, the right time. As you know, CMS is reimbursing for these assays, and we think we can scale it. We think we can drive further commercial reimbursement. The last thing I would say is, look, it is a tumor-informed assay and when you're looking for a needle in a haystack, hence their name, when you're looking for a needle in a haystack, you actually want to know what the needle looks like. And hence, we believe that a tumor-informed assay is a much stronger assay than an uninformed assay.
Jim Davis: Yes. So, yes, Jack, first, thanks for the question. Yes, on Moldex absolutely plan to go that route. Look, what we have to do is finish the commercialization of the assay. We'll be doing that for the rest of this year. We plan on bringing the assay up in one of our large oncology testing facilities. As you know, there is limited coverage for Medicare and Medicare Advantage patients, as dictated by CMS. Two companies have coverage for that today. I would also tell you, there's a handful of Blues company -- the Blues plans that are reimbursing for the test. So similar to NIPT -- remember, NIPT started out very high-risk women, very limited coverage. And we, as well some other industry members drove that throughout the commercial payers. And that test is wide open to women today. So that's our plan. On the royalty question, look, as we mentioned in the comments, the -- some of the original IP came out of John Hopkins. I'm not going to disclose royalty payments. But as you can imagine, there's intellectual property that comes with this, and there's modest royalties that will come with it.
Jim Davis: Yes. So our routine testing levels are above pre-COVID levels, whether you look at our volume versus all of 2019 or you look at our volume versus the first two months of 2020, we're substantially above that. So the recovery is no longer really even a topic of discussion for us. In terms of the funnel of opportunities on the health system side, namely outreach deals is stronger than ever. And I think now that COVID is behind us, the deal completion will start to accelerate. So we feel good about what's in the funnel. They generally take a while to negotiate. You got to get a lot of people on board, pathologists on board, referring physicians. But once you get them all on board, it can move quickly.
Jim Davis: Yes. And I'll just mention a couple of things real quick. I mean, productivity in terms of the Invigorate actions that we have, helps also offset that, which is how we get to the margin target that we have. And I think you mentioned, Kieran, the 17% next year, actually, our guidance is to get to approximately 17% this year in terms of operating margin. So I just want to be clear on that.
Jim Davis: Yes. It’s a good question. Absolutely, a halo effect. Remember at Investor Day, we said in 2022, ex-COVID, we had $8.4 billion in revenue. And of that $8.4 billion, $1 billion of that is in the cancer space. And we said about half of that or $0.5 billion is in the screening space, routine screening, PSA, Pap Smear, HPV, some common cancer markers, but we then said that the other $0.5 billion is anatomical pathology. So we have the -- and once we have that specimen, it's only logical for the medical oncologists to start to, once it's declared cancer -- the next question, post surgery is there still cancer cells in this human being, or the next question, if the answer to that is yes, and then there's therapy. The next question is, did the therapy work? Do we still see remnants of DNA from the tumor. So we think this absolutely fits into our overall cancer strategy and Quest Diagnostics today. In particular, again, there is a halo effect. We will own the block, we will own the specimen and doing the testing on that for both treatment monitoring as well as treatment selection, we think, is just a natural. Now, from a commercial standpoint, we have a pretty mature oncology distribution today that calls on pathologists and medical oncologists. And, yes, we are absolutely going to strengthen the team as we finish the commercialization of this assay and to have a more robust channel calling into the medical oncologist space. So good question. Thanks.
Jim Davis: Yes. So we are really happy with our consumer-initiated testing performance in the quarter. It showed nice growth from progressive growth from Q4. And so, I'm going to talk about the growth. COVID obviously declined in that segment of our business as well. The majority of our CIT business now is our routine base business. We saw a nice progression from Q4 to Q1. We are happy with that. We saw a nice progression Q1 to Q1, really nice progression there. We continue to be excited about a couple of growth categories within CIT. Number one, you probably read allergy season has really taken off and taken off early. So seeing some nice growth there. Just our general health and wellness offering in CIT was really strong in the quarter. And we surveyed some of those general health and wellness customers and found some interesting things. One of the main reasons they're coming to Quest and paying out of pocket is because patients were -- consumers, patients were having a hard time getting in to see their physicians. We're hearing about three-month delays to get to see their doctor. So rather than wait to see their doctor and get their lab testing, they just come in, because they want to know. And then finally, I'd say, our STD category continues to exhibit very strong growth. The CDC just declared again several types of STDs, gonorrhoea, syphilis at epidemic levels. They also indicated that 50% of all new cases that they're seeing across the country are aged 15 to 24. And that's a segment that wants to remain anonymous and just pay out of pocket for lots of reasons. Finally, as we've said about margins, our CIP business is going to be less dilutive this year than it was last year. And I think you can assume that each quarter through the year.
Jim Davis: All right. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining today, some really exciting news here, but let me just summarize. Look, we're off to a really strong start here in 2023. Our base business performed stronger than expected, stronger than we expected in the quarter. We feel really, really good about that. and it's certainly offsetting some of the COVID decline that we saw in the quarter. Second, hopefully, you can tell, we're really excited about the Haystack Oncology. We think the technology is the right technology, but more importantly, it's the right team. We are really impressed with the team that will join Quest Diagnostics. And as you know, in these types of acquisitions, it's not just investing in the technology, we’re really investing in a group of people and a team, and we feel really, really good about that. We feel great about the MRD space and we believe it's starting to mature from both a physician ordering perspective as well as from a reimbursement perspective. And then, finally, we're well on our way to generating the Invigorate savings that are needed to offset wage inflation, and we feel good about the progress we're making there. So, again, thanks for joining in, and we look forward to seeing you out on the road over the next few months and joining us at our next earnings call in July. So thanks for joining, and have a great day.
