Steve Rusckowski: Yes. All right, Ann. All right. So all around antibody testing and serology testing. So as you read our press release yesterday, we launched our broad implementation of serology testing. We actually brought up a week or so ago, our first limited LDT laboratory developed tests on the EUROIMMUN platform. And we did that in two of our facilities and we did that for limited customers, hospitals and at risk individuals. So we had some experience with it.And then second, as we brought up our first platform, which is an app platform, and we announced last night, that will -- platform is in many of our sites and we will bring that up quickly. And then we will have a few other platforms we bring up in the course of April into May. And that will allow us to get to that 200,000 tests per day number by mid-May. We've run seven days a week, 24 hours a day. That's about 1.5 million per week. And so you can think about 6 million per month.Now, to answer your questions, we're not stopping there. We've got more capacity in front of us. We are always dependent though on the capacity coming out of the IVD manufacturers with the reagents that we need. So somewhat of the limiting factor has less to do with us where we have lab capacity, but more related to the reagents and the supply chain from our suppliers. So we're working with them as well. So that's what we're willing to say we'll have in the month of May.Now, how broad would this be? What we announced in a press release and you see the guidance from the FDA, while we do believe are several things, one is after a certain number of days and the best indication is after 14 days of being infected, the person can have an IGG response. That's the last antibody. And therefore, it is obviously a good measurement that you have been infected in the past. It's important to those individuals that have not been tested and made it -- might have been asymptomatic. So it's another good indication of infection rate within the geography or within a population. That's number one.Point number two is based upon other viruses. We believe that there may be immunity for some period of time. This is what we need to study. And that's why we have the conditions on our press release that we need to have more evidence and this is why we need to do more of it. The vast majority of viruses in the past have had immunity for a period of time, but we need to confirm this with evidence. So with that said, I would share with you we have tremendous interest in both continuation of the molecular testing that has to be done going forward. And then second is combining it with serology testing. This is happening at the state level for broad infrastructure needs.You might have seen a new announcement by the state of California. They're going to start to test asymptomatic members -- excuse me, citizens within California. Second is employers. We have actually leveraged our capability with our employer population health business, which we used to call our wellness business, where we have this product called Blueprint for Wellness and we work with employers. And we leverage that now in building on those relationships with employers in their return to work programs. And so that's giving us a nice leverage point. And the return to work programs vary by industry. It matters a great deal if you're a manufacturer and you have plants, or if you're an office environment or if you're a food processor, so we have a number of engagements going on with employers. And those employers are working with their states and are working with their cities and towns and local communities, as they think about what needs to happen and within those geographies, because there is wide variation, that's what's happening with the constraints around return to work and shelter-in-place in schools.And then finally, we are working with the states. Many of the states have mounted now task forces to look at what needs to happen next with test -- testing. As I said, California has made now a broader announcement of what they want to do to expand testing. We see this coming from out from a number of states. We're right in the middle of all those conversations. In fact yesterday, I did a press conference with the governor of Connecticut, Governor of Lamont in Connecticut, where we work proactively with one of our partners, Hartford HealthCare and expanding testing in the state of Connecticut.So as Mark said, there's substantial opportunities in front of us both for the molecular testing, which has to be done to rule in, rule out COVID-19. And then you, coupled with the opportunities we see for serology or antibody testing as well for overall surveillance within a population and returning to work. So a good opportunity in front of us.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So volume has not turned around. We said it stabilize. So when you asked about whether things in March and now we're seeing them pick up, what I would say is that, we worked across what we call our clinical franchises, and there's absolutely differences depending on the acuteness of the condition and the necessity of the testing. But there's some very acute important areas of adjustments and like cancer screening led testing in children, etcetera, that are down significantly just because physician offices are closed and people are uncomfortable going out, or people being told not to go out except for extreme necessary situations. So while we absolutely see some levels of difference across the testing venue and how much it's down, some more than 50% to 60%, some less than that. I can't tell you that we've seen more discretionary type testing come back dramatically yet.
Steve Rusckowski: And just to remind everyone there is a difference. And hopefully it's clear between the molecular testing, which requires a health care professional in most cases to do the specimen collection. And in many cases, they're protected with full garb of personal protection equipment. So that created a bottleneck of people getting tested. And we've worked on some different approaches to that. As a matter of fact, in the Walmart, the Walmart sites, we have observed self collection where actually we have an approved kit from the FDA where it is a nasal swab, but the person can use that swab themselves, but it has to be observed by health care professional.But in the case of Walmart, what actually happens is the person drives up, they provide the order to a health care worker in those parking lots that aren't nearly as protective as what we need to do before, they confirm all the information. The health care worker provides information that close up their window and they do the self collection themselves and it's observed through the window. So that's proven to be highly efficient. And we're looking at other ways of collecting that trend on the molecular side. So that has been a little bit of a bottleneck too on that and we're improving how we get the specimens.Remember, serology is blood based. And so it leverages all our infrastructure. And so as you know we have 12,000 phlebotomists, we have 2,200 patient service centers, we have 4,000 phlebotomists and physicians' offices. And so when this starts to light up, that provides us a nice opportunity to collect those specimens quickly and potentially tag those orders onto other orders that might be coming in from the health care delivery system as health care starts to turn on. So when you think about serology and you think about the front end being much simpler and much more pervasive and leveraging everything already have, not exceptional like the molecular test has been so far.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So we've built up a model looking at our business from multiple perspectives. One, Mark, said earlier we have variation by types of clinical franchise business we have, some have declined greater, some have declined less. And we're thinking about why that has happened and when there is turning back on to health care delivery system, how quickly they will come back up. So that's one. Second is we do have differences between what's happened in the hospital environment and also physician environment. And so as hospitals start to change what they are going to allow back in their doors, that will change. That is well. And then third, we do see a difference in what's happening by state and by cities. And so we've tracked all of that. And what we have found, as we said in my introductory comments, all metropolitan areas have dropped. Obviously, some of those areas like New York, New Jersey, and now Lawson is starting to light up, parts of Florida have come in later than the West Coast. So we're tracking all of that and we're doing that because we're also trying to see when things might start to turn back on.So you start to see some of the individual states starting to loosen up their shelter-in-place and started to loosen up employers coming back to work. And so we're watching that carefully, so we can kind of indicate where we need to bring back our capacity. We talked about our costs programs. We've talked about furloughs. I want to make sure it's clear. Our furlough program was a program where we offered it to employees, but they had requested from us and we had to grant it. And so we grant out furlough. It allows them to continue to benefits request, but also allows them to collect unemployment and apply to the CARES Act for a weekly stipend. But it also allows us to bring them back. And so they have an obligation to come back when we need them. So as these states start to turn back on, we will bring back the capacity we need to turn it back on. But we're watching that Ricky carefully to understand what's gone down and when did we start to see some recovery by state and by clinical franchise going forward.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, well, to start with, if you look at the numbers that come out of the White House in their press briefings, we said that we've done over a million tests. We're close to 25% of the total country's testing. Obviously, we have better percentages, a higher percentage in certain states grew up broader presence. And some states are really just ramping up their testing in a bigger way. If they look at Florida, where we have a big presence that's just really started to light up in a big way. As far as the opportunity in front of us, we are encouraged by the opportunity we see. We're waiting to see how quickly it does ramp up and just what kind of pickup there will be from physicians on serological testing and how fast that ramp will be. But we're building enough capacity to respond to it. And again, a lot of our capacity will be highly depended upon the equipment we have and the reagents we get. So if there's more, we're hopeful we can build on what we have, but we are very limited by that. So we're going to keep our eye on it, push it as one of the two testing categories that should be done to respond to the virus and see how quickly it ran. So we will keep you updated as we learn more.
Steve Rusckowski: I would say both. And I think there's as I mentioned earlier, we're working with employers because many employers are trying to understand how they bring back to employees. And there's wide variation in employers, but these employee programs will both test your employees for the virus with the molecular tests, and they'll also test them for the antibody tests. And we might do those, particularly the antibody test in different types of venues like corporate sponsored events where we can -- now where we can draw the specimen quickly as we do, corporate events they were for flu shots or Blueprint for Wellness program. So we already have that capability of ramping up these corporate programs. And those will be quite different than the traditional way of doing testing that we have with physicians or hospitals today.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. We see an opportunity. So if you think about what's happening within the healthcare provider market, we're an indication that volumes are down. You have all the data on possible missions. You have data on physician visits. You see it reflected in our volumes being down. And so hospitals and as we all know, 50% of physicians now are employed by hospital systems are going to be struggling as they enter this quarter. And we'll be looking at opportunities to become more efficient, reduce their cost, generate some cash. And so we believe there could be an opportunity for us to continue our consolidation strategy in the back half the year, it is more of these systems and some of those dialogues we've had for years maybe become more active now because there's now more likely to think about creative ways that they can work with a company like Quest on their lab strategy.So we think that could be another catalysts for consolidation. And as you know, this is also a fragmented industry. There's other regional, especially laboratories. And it also might have worsened other opportunities for us to consolidate. So we believe this is a good opportunity in the long-term for us to continue our strategy of accelerating our growth and consolidating the marketplace. And in the short-term, it's difficult, but in the mid to long-term, we think it could be yet another opportunity to do what we’ve said we wanted to do.
Steve Rusckowski: I think I'll add is what I just said earlier. There is going to be a lot of pent up demand from patients. And Mark said there's been a lot of physician offices that have been canceled, postponed and delayed. And so they will start to come back to the system. When that will be, we will vary by city and by state. And so that's what I said earlier in the comments we're tracking all that. So one could think later in the quarter you start to see some recovery. There'll also be those physicians' offices in those hospital systems want to bring back in those patients as well. So we're actually going to do a survey of our customers to get a perspective of what they're thinking about when they turn back on their offices or open up their offices with extended hours, extended workdays. I think people are now thinking that the summer won't be the same summer. July and August won't be the heavy vacation period. So we're watching all that. But as Mark said, too early and too much too much uncertainty around it for us to give you anything more than we provided. But we're keeping an eye, our eyes on it closely.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, absolutely. Our strategy to accelerate growth continues. One of those strategies is to continue to build our advanced diagnostics platform. Again, that's all genetics and molecular. The acquisition that we did complete early this year was a nice platform capability acquisition. We feel good about that company coming into Quest Diagnostics. The integration is going well. There's a lot of opportunities in front of us with a genetic base testing. And our plans for that do not change given the crisis step that we have.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So, we’ve been working with all the Telehealth providers and platforms in this many different models as we know. So we do see that as another channel, if you will, or another type of capability as health care provision. And this crisis has burned some of those models there and established some credibility and some comfort with patients. And so we do believe that will become a larger percentage of our volume. And when you have those engagements, many of you on the call probably have had those engagements, they do order testing. And then it follows the workflow that we have for testing within Quest Diagnostics. And then depending upon the model we’ve used in the platforms, the use is telemedicine going to be your primary care physician or would they be an adjunct to it and therefore, we have the connectivity to connect back to the EMR in the primary care physician. So good opportunity. We have strong relationships with many of the Telehealth platforms, big and small. We actually are always prospecting what new startups and ventures are coming up with new capabilities. There's been a lot of new front end capabilities, triage capabilities that you see to run COVID-19, which has been interesting, some of which we're very well of -- we're aware of and have good relations with. So it is changing and this crisis has brought more visibility to it. So we believe that's a good opportunity for us and we're very well positioned with those companies going forward.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. What I'll say, Erin, is it can't hurt. This crisis has brought to the forefront the importance of testing. And I never believed when I joined this company over eight years ago, that would be on the front page of every news story in America and all over the media, but we are. So it's much easier now for us to make our case with members of Congress, to the administration in HSS with the value of testing and the need for us to get fairly reimbursed. And also to reinforce the intent of Congress in making sure we get a new process put in place that properly reflects the market rates. So it is actually a very good fact for us. We're going to leverage that. Just to remind everyone the CARES Act did change the timing. I had those in my prepared remarks. And then second is we still have the lawsuit going on, which is still happening. And we're hopeful we'll get a decision sometime this year on that.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. And I'll just say the package that was just approved by the Senate last night, we don't have a lot of clarity of any specificity underneath the hood, if you will. And then also, as you know, it's going to be debated in the House. So we'll be watching and giving them input as they refine it. But it is critical to get America turn back on, that we have the resources and we're properly reimbursed and paid for the work we do. And as I said, we are the leader for a portion -- a large portion of the country is testing. And therefore, I would expect that some portion of that money we could tap into as a resource for us, but it's uncertain at this time what it will be and if any.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So just to give you a scale again of what our different businesses. Of our business, roughly a billion of it before crisis was coming from hospitals. To give you an idea of the scale and -- and then a billion of our business is -- are related services like our population health business with employers, our employer drug testing business, our insurance business. And so the remainder is really physician driven, okay? So, roughly $6 billion of our $8 billion before crisis was -- is physician driven. So those referrals are obviously very important because that's where we get the vast majority of our volume.
Steve Rusckowski: Sure. Well, thanks everyone, for joining us today. Glad we got everyone's questions and we appreciate your continued support and you have a great day.
Mark Guinan: Sure, Steve. So, Ralph, the statement around net loss would be a volume inclusive of COVID testing continue to be down around 50% to 60%. Now, what that does not include is serology. So as I said in my prepared remarks, the -- well, we're encouraged by the potential demand and a lot of the things that Steve just explained are either in mid-term or a late stage conversations around stepping up some testing for government entities, for employers, etcetera. We haven't been performing that test. Obviously, we just launched serology, so we wanted to be cautious about forecasting in any way how meaningful serology would be.But based on all the things we've talked about, it could be significant. We also don't know the reimbursement rate yet, but hopefully fairly soon. And I think the trigger for commercial rates will largely be based on where CMS comes out. So we're all waiting on that. So that net loss comment and the 50% to 60% would include the current level of PCR where we said we're averaging about 30,000 tests a day. It's offsetting about 6% of our loss, but it does not contemplate significant upside if it happens from serology testing at some point in this quarter. And then on a margin perspective, obviously, if we losing money, the answer to that, but from a drop through perspective, because we are high fixed costs and we've already counted on as much adjustment to our cost structure as we can optimize through our furloughs, through reduced hours to some of those salary reductions for the next twelve weeks. We're largely fixed cost after that.So therefore any sort of volume changes would likely be at a very high ratio, if things were to get worse. As we said, we believe we've bottomed out because we've seen some stability over the last couple of weeks. There's some encouraging signs in some of the areas that were most impacted because not all geographies are created equal. So, some of those are bouncing back a little bit. But at this point, we wanted to be cautious, we wanted to be conservative, we wanted to tell you what we know today. And therefore the outlook for the quarter is not based on speculation. That is based on what we're seeing and what we know today.
Mark Guinan: Yes, I think Steve summarized it well. A lot of our Invigorate is around volume related activities, whether it's labor, whether it's our lab throughput, whether it's the draws we're doing in a patient service centers. So any sort of savings, certainly will continue as we implement some of the cost improvement efficiency opportunities, but they will be proportional. So obviously the dollars will be less. We always talked about 3% on a $6 billion plus cost base. Obviously if the cost base goes down, given lower volumes, you can expect lower dollar savings. The other thing I would add is that a lot of our efficiency programs are, design along the normal level of testing. So it is difficult to operate as efficiently when you lose half your volume on a given line, some places even more than that and given assays.So the efficiency around reagents and other things operational, things like labor flexibility and so on. So there is some offset to our Invigorate program and lost efficiencies, while we continue at this low level of volume because we're not going to rescale our business obviously to that extent. We're considering this to be temporary at some point, even though I caution we don't expect to be fully back to the level we were prior to COVID. We at some point we'll be back to much more significant testing. I mean, some of our cancer screening is down, very, very significantly. We all know at some point we have to come back and do that work because cancer doesn't go away. So, Invigorate will continue. It will be proportional. There will be some offsets because of the inherent lower efficiencies at these volume levels.
Mark Guinan: Yes. Let me add a couple of things. So, Jack, almost without exception and certainly all of the national payers and large regional payers, the commercial reimbursement for the PCR test was based on the rate for Medicare and was not a subset or proportion, which obviously it's in the industry practice, but was with at or above the CMS rate. So therefore, I'm confident that we're going to do well. As you know, CMS has updated this price. We are in advanced discussions and I think it's very probable that most, if not all the company, the commercial payers will recognize the higher rate from CMS and our commercial rates will change. So I'm optimistic there.In terms of the second half of the year, as we said, we're very careful. We -- none of us know how this is going to play out, but you can do the math. So if you know, the capacity for serology is in any way meet the demand and Steve talked about 200,000 a day, you have the PCR currently today at 50,000 tests a day combined, those represent almost half of our normal daily testing volume. And given that we don't know serology yet, but we're hopeful the price will be fairly close to an average requisition price for us.And we know that the PCR testing is above that with the CMS rate revision. One would assume that the value of a requisition will be somewhat similar to what our average is today. So, again, I don't know how much the core volume will recover, how quickly it will happen, etcetera. But if there is some recovery and if there is some high level of demand for the COVID-19 testing, as we're all hearing publicly, then you can do the numbers and you can see that the back half of the year could be very different than the second quarter.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, Ricky, our Medicaid revenues, as you know, are low single digits. Currently Medicaid is typically lower priced than Medicare, typically priced lower than commercial rates. Now when you talk about unemployment, absolutely, we've thought about that. And one of the reasons amongst many that we're cautious about whether volumes bounce back to where they were earlier in the year was the potential for continued unemployment higher than obviously we've had in the number of years. And so, therefore we are recognizing that potential as we think about the balance of the year. And quite frankly, going forward, the other dynamic is if you look historically and obviously we try to do that, I'm sure others have to try to predict what might happen this time, there are some notable differences. One of them is the Affordable Care Act does provide more of a safety net for those who lose their jobs. So that's a positive.But the other thing is, given the magnitude and the speed at which people have become unemployed, it's really difficult to model and predict what that might do to utilization. We are being very cognizant of collectability, not just from patients, but from hospital systems, from physicians. So we're monitoring very, very closely our receivables and collection rates. And we are anticipating likely headwinds on collectability of our revenue going forward, given everything that's going on. So that's certainly on our radar. But the other dynamic is, given that utilization has -- in the last couple of months dropped significantly, one might assume that a greater portion of our revenues would be coming from patients because people will be more slowly or not getting through their deductible and calendar basis relative to where they may have in the past.So we've looked at all of these things and that obviously it will be a headwind. But there's no model we can point to historically to say this is exactly what it means. I mean, in the last significant recession, our collectability rate actually did not materially decline. Utilization was impacted, but we did not have a higher rate of what used to be bad debt. Now it's mostly patient concessions. But given all the dynamics this time, we think that that's a likely possibility. However, you do have the safety net through the Affordable Care Act of expansion of Medicaid in many states. So how all those pieces put together? I can't fully predict, but trust me we're thinking about all that. And as we see trends and as we understand those impacts, as always, we'll be extremely transparent around what we're seeing.
Mark Guinan: Yes, the one other thing I'd add is that while shelter-in-place certainly has a significant impact on utilization and some of the greatest volume decreases were in those geographies, as we mentioned, every major metropolitan area in the country was seeing significant declines. Maybe not to the same extent in late March and then into early April, regardless of whether we had shelter-in-place. We are not as true outside the urban areas, but in the metropolitan areas people were being cautious, including physician offices, etcetera in -- how they were accepting patients and whether they were staying open or not and patients were being cautious about whether going out or not, given all the media attention and so on and so forth. So while there is absolutely a correlation with shelter-in-place rules, it's more than that, that has been depressing utilization.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So on that one, it's very hard to predict. And just like you're asking, it could go either direction. We don't have any sort of crystal ball better than anybody else. Obviously, in my prepared remarks and then one of my answers, I expressed a concern that we're deferring critical diagnostic testing that's important for our health and well-being. And one would hope that at some point we say, that's really important, we've got to find a way to get it done regardless of what risks might be around COVID and whether that bounces back to where it was before or whether to your point could it potentially be more because COVID is obviously much riskier for those with pre-existing conditions that we're all familiar with and that means we want even more tightly manage that. I certainly can't predict it. I’m not sure, if Steve wants to comment anything differently. So that's unclear. But as we said, as we progressed through this and we all learned together, we will be highly transparent around what we're seeing so that you all can understand as much as possible how that is playing out. Then, Steve, the other one was on PAMA lab consolidation.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So as I said, we are not going to speculate, because it shows too hard to predict. So, yes, there's absolutely some potential for volume bouncing back from where it is now. We're not assuming any material improvement for the quarter, not because we know that won't happen, but because we think that's the appropriate point of view to take in order to make sure people are aware of some of the potential downside. We also haven't built in any significant serology volumes into those assumptions. And we've heard a lot of discussion today around that potential demand and ramping up fairly quickly. We don't know to what extent. So I don't want anyone to assume we have too much precision around this 50% to 60% down for the quarter and a, net operating loss. But that's potential if it does stay where it is and we don't get significant serology testing or significant upwards in our PCR testing. I don't know if you want to add anything, Steve, to that.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So that was a unique situation. They created a pot of money of $30 billion emergency relief. There were no stipulations for how you would get that money. In fact, we are surprised, it showed up in our bank account. It was based on proportional billings to Medicare and that probably divided up at $30 billion. So anyone who had billed Medicare in the prior year got a portion of that. The other parts of this bill are, for various aspects of getting testing up and running. I will turn to Steve to cover some of that, but there's nothing else that quite mirrors that emergency relief fund where we got the $65 billion. So while there's opportunities for us to utilize some of the other funds, it's not as straightforward and it's not as simple as what happened with that emergency relief fund. So, Steve.
Mark Guinan: And then on serology testing, Brian, well, we've never shared a dollar amount. You can look at some of the CMS rates. We've made it clear through our trade association that we don't think the crosswalk that they probably would default to is sufficient. Obviously you saw -- in the first case for the PCR, we weren't successful initially. They established a rate and then they reconsidered, looked at it and almost doubled it. So we're hopeful that in the case of serology, there's some pretty compelling evidence and detail that we're going to get a serology rate for the COVID testing that's more commensurate with the cost that its -- we're going to incur in order to perform it.
Stephen Baxter: Hey, guys. Thanks. Hey, thanks for all the information and thanks for everything you guys are doing a standup testing capacity.
Stephen Baxter: I appreciate all the color on the antibody testing so far. So I'm just wondering, I guess, how you guys are thinking about sizing the demand when you scale up capacity to those levels? Because if you could run 6 million tests a month, you could test more than 20% of the country yourself over the next year. And obviously others will be ramping up their antibody testing capacity as well. So it sounds like you think this is going to go well above the sort of like sampling types of analysis that we've seen in places like Germany and New York City starting to pursue. I was hoping you could help us see the bigger picture here, from where you think this might be going over time. Thanks.
Stephen Baxter: Is there something that's going to be an add on to your typical kind of routine panels, or do you anticipate people coming in sort of exclusively for these types of test? That’s it for me. Thank you.
