Mark Guinan: Thanks, Steve. Starting with revenues. Consolidated revenues of $1.86 billion were up 0.7% versus the prior year on a reported basis, while equivalent revenues grew 1.9%. Revenues for Diagnostic Information Services, or DIS for short, grew by 2% compared to the prior year. Of this growth nearly 1% was organic. Volume measured by the number of requisitions increased 1.5% versus the prior year. Acquisitions contributed about 1% of volumes in the quarter. However, note that the impact of hurricane Matthew presented a headwind of approximately 30 basis points on organic growth in the fourth quarter. Revenue for requisition in the fourth quarter increased 40 basis points versus the prior year. As reminder revenue per req is not a proxy for price. It includes a number of variables such as unit price changes, business mix, test mix and test per req. Unit price headlands were slightly less than 50 basis points in the fourth quarter and approximately 70 basis points for the full year. While unit price headlands moderated in the second half of 2016, we know that price fluctuations can vary from quarter to quarter. We continue to believe that in 2017 unit price headlands will be consistent with last few years at approximately 1%. As we highlighted throughout 2016 our PLS engagements such as RWJ Barnabas Health and HCA carry lower revenue per requisition due to the nature of the work we are performing. The strength of our PLS engagements in the fourth quarter continue to impact our revenue per requisition. Other mix elements including test and payor mix contributed more than 2% to revenue per req in the quarter. Reported operating income for the quarter was $276 million or 14.8% of revenues compared to $239 million or 12.9% of revenues a year ago. On an adjusted basis operating income was $305 million or 16.4% of revenues compared to $288 million or 15.5% of revenues last year. The impact of our former products businesses in the fourth quarter of 2015 benefited adjusted operating income by approximately $13 million or roughly 40 basis points. Excluding this impact operating margin would've grown by 130 basis points year-over-year. Reported earnings per share was $1.9 in the quarter compared to $1.29 a year ago due to a one-time tax benefit in 2015 associated with winding down a subsidiary. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.31, up 10% from $1.19 last year. The company recorded after tax charges totaling $18 million in the quarter, represented primarily restructuring and integration costs. The net impact of these items reduced our reported earnings per share by $0.13. Bad debt expense as a percentage of revenues was 3.6%, 40 basis points better than the previous quarter and 10 basis points higher in the fourth quarter of 2015. As a reminder bad debt expense typically improves modestly throughout the year as patients have their health insurance deductible. Note that the year-over-year compare is negatively impacted by the fact that our products businesses had a lower associated bad debt rate. When taking this into consideration, our bad debt rate was flat year-over-year. Income tax expense recorded benefited from the adoption of the new accounting standard related to stock-based compensation. The impact amounted to an EPS benefit of roughly a penny in Q4. Our DSOs were approximately 47 days flat year-over-year. Cash provided by operations in 2016 was $1.1 billion versus $821 million last year, which was stronger than the guidance we provided in October due largely to better than expected earnings and improved cash collections. Capital expenditures during the year were $293 million compared to $263 million a year ago. Now turning to guidance. We are providing the following outlook for 2017. Revenues to be between $7.64 billion and $7.72 billion, an increase of 1.7% to 2.7% versus the prior year on a reported basis and an increase of about 2% to 3% on an equivalent basis; reported diluted EPS to be between $4.65 and $4.80 and adjusted EPS to be between $5.37 and $5.52; cash provided by operations to be approximately $1.1 billion; and finally, capital expenditures to be between $250 million and $300 million. I would like to provide a few items to consider as you think about our 2017 guidance. First, as a reminder, we benefited from favorable weather and an extra day due to the leap year in the first quarter of 2016. This sets up a difficult compare in the first quarter of 2017. We therefore expect our earnings growth will not be proportional, with Q1 coming in lower than the balance of the year. Given this consensus EPS estimates for the first quarter are higher than our current expectations. Second, our revenue guidance of 2% to 3% equivalent growth includes some M&A primarily related to carryover from the CLP acquisition which closed at the end of February 2016. Finally, our CapEx guidance includes an outlay related to the previously announced headquarters move to Secaucus. Now let me turn it back to Steve.
Mark Guinan: Yes, sure Ricky, in terms of buybacks, the guidance is based on flat share count. So, there would be some buybacks necessary to prevent dilution based on our equity program for employees, but there's not any lift in EPS based on reduced share count in the guidance that I'm providing. In terms prices, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, while we're not giving specific number saying that 2017, we would expect some continued price erosion and we expect that apples-and-apples price erosion to be similar to the last couple years which was somewhere 100 basis points or less.
Mark Guinan: So, Ricky, I'd take you back to the Investor Day, where I talked about through 2020 view that we could grow revenues 3% to 5% and grow earnings mid to high single-digits. So, that takes into account some level of anticipated potential price reductions as Steve said still to be finalize as we go throughout the year and then our invigorate program and our ability to offset certainly a portion of that and grow earnings faster than revenue.
Mark Guinan: So, again, I wouldn't call it price, I'd call it mix. But if you're looking for revenue per req, you've got two different drivers. So, as we mentioned we got 2% lift in Q4 from test mix and other mix elements separate from our PLS. So, there's no reason at this point to not believe that we will continue to get positive mix as we innovate, bring new test offerings that tend to have higher value. We also have shared that there has been a trend with higher density on requisitions, so we've been seeing an increasing number of tests per requisitions, while it's hard to predict there's no reason at this point to believe we shouldn’t continue to get some minor lift from that as well. But then the one headwind on mix, again as we've explained is our professional laboratory services growing at a faster rate than our overall business and because of the nature of that work, it happens to have a routine testing, fewer tests per req, and therefore, a lower revenue per req. So, how those all come out, we're not providing a specific revenue per req number, but the trends that you've seen, we're not expecting those to change.
Mark Guinan: And Jack just to add a little additional color, I'm sure you're familiar that there were some reductions in the physician fee schedule. So, in terms of our Medicare business for tissue that price headwind is built into our guidance and part of the 100 basis points or so that I mentioned. So, there were some reductions coming out of Washington.
Mark Guinan: Sure. So, ancestry is not a business that we're going to include in our revenue per req because it’s a separate business. And we're not actually receiving requisitions; it's more of client services business. So, that's going to be separate from revenue per req we share. And I'm not in position to provide a specific number Jack. All I can say its included in the guidance, our best guess of what PLS impact will be and quite frankly, somewhat dependent on additional PLS agreements that we might sign throughout the year. So, it would be hard even to find -- wanted to give you that kind of color, to give you a specific number because the timing and our ability to close these deals with a certain timeframe obviously to be determined. But, again, I want to remind people that revenue per req is not a proxy for profitability and quite frankly, PLS is good profitable business regardless of its revenue per req being lower than our core business and some of the higher revenue per req businesses such as our tissue business are not necessarily the most profitable and some of our lower revenue per req business like Wellness are quite profitable even though the revenue per req is well within our overall enterprise.
Mark Guinan: Sure. So, A.J. as we mentioned previously there are several elements to this, the billing savings start this year in 2017, we do not benefitted at all last year. And it -- we have tenure contract and may build over the life of the contract. Then the other element which is, you know, the gain sharing agreement around bad debt and now obviously Optum is just starting that work. So we're fully expecting significant benefit from that, but it’s going to take a little time for the additional things that they heading to what we were already doing to accelerate the reduction in denials and accelerator our improvement in bad debt. So yet to come as well.
Mark Guinan: Yeah, so in terms of quantifying the real estate savings, it's not something I'm going to do. It’s another element of our Invigorate program. We don't tease out all the various pieces within Invigorate. What I did do, A.J., if you recall at the Investor Day was a frame for your total expenditures for draws and broke down what portion of that, you know, were impacting with the stately agreement which is less than 20% when you look at the real estate costs and some of the other things such as cleaning and property taxes and utilities and so and so forth. I kind of frame for, you know, kind of order of magnitude in total. Our largest elements of draws is obviously the labor and there is labor arbitrage currently with the Safeway agreement. We're basically paying the same phlebotomist just to do those draws in a different location. So I'm not going to providing specifics around the real estate savings over time, but it's meaningful enough that, you know, it’s helping us, get greater confidence in delivering that on Invigorate savings that we talked about $1.3 billion by the end of this year and then additional room beyond the end of 2017.
Mark Guinan: Right. So 1% to 2%, as you recall, is a CAGR over a period of time. It is not necessarily any given year when. I talked about guidance for 2017 we don't have any unexecuted acquisitions within that guidance. The only M&A within the current guidance is the carryover from the CLP outreach purchase that we closed last February. So I think that should answer your question. So any other M&A without the CLP executed and would not more loaded towards the back half of the year because the benefit of CLP carryover ends in the first quarter and I'm not counting on any unexecuted M&A in my current guidance.
Mark Guinan: Lisa, I just want to make sure, look here, most of the volume that's being done in the Safeway was done previously in a patient service center. So it's not all incremental. It is a lower cost and we think a more consumer friendly environment, what Jim Davidson shared at the Investor Day was that the initial and it's early, the initial view was that we were seeing new patients, we're getting some incremental growth and it's hard to be precise and -- but as I pointed even a couple of basis points of difference in an industry that's growing 2% to 3%, we get to 1% to 2% left sound a lot, but all of the small things start to add up. So we said hey, it is really early, we are definitely seeing some incremental growth whether it's sustainable or not we don't know whether it will accelerate, we don't know; whether we will see it at every single site as we move from 50 some to 200 not sure. But we will certainly try our best to give you some color and give you a sense of quantifying that value beyond, you know, just directionally if we can. So as Steve said, appreciate the question and we will think about and see what we can do.
Mark Guinan: No. We did not. At this point there's no reason to believe that our effective tax rate should be significantly from 2016 or the last couple of years.
Mark Guinan: No. Not a portion of it. What we try do, Isaac, is -- we don’t want get out in front of ourselves because, although there's a lot of, you know, press about being a priority for Congress we yet to see when it is for sure and how. But there were a number of other healthcare companies recently that made some comments so we didn't want to be silent. And so in order to have people understand our thinking is as we mentioned any sort of statutory reduction since we earned basically all of our income in United States would be significant, obviously there could be other changes beyond the statutory production that could mitigate some of those savings. So we have to see that. And we just want people understand that we wouldn't necessarily crocked dollar for dollar to the bottom line that, you know, a significant reduction statutory rates when in fact give us an opportunity to look at as we balance short-term, long-term some opportunities potentially to invest. And if and when that happens we will give you more color. But we just wanted people to understand -- get ahead of themselves and do some math that we would necessarily drop every single dollar to the bottom line.
Mark Guinan: So Ann, I wouldn’t say we change our strategy. As we mentioned is that as you said any sort of large statutory reduction would be significant for us. And therefore again as we balance short-term and long-term there could be a decision by us to take a portion of a portion of likely to be a small portion of the and invested in some longer term growth opportunities not a strategic shift, just really expanding some opportunities that maybe are just not making the cost right now because we have to balance short-term and long-term. So that was really all we're trying to imply not a strategic shift, but to your point if it did happen, it could be significant which is what I commented on in my prepared remarks.
Mark Guinan: And, Ann, just to closeout we're going to stick to our capital employment synergy. So prior to my start back in our Investor Day in 2012 you have seen we inherent to that and this would not change our very disciplined approach to deploying our capital.
Mark Guinan: Bill, what I would say is there's always a pipeline and we had -- when you say when we consider we have looked at some larger opportunities in the past that obviously we haven't shared and for various reasons and some of it being what Steve talked about, we have passed. So we're always looking at best path for shareholder value creation and it doesn’t mean a large transaction could not be the best path. So we evaluate those things regularly. I wouldn't say that in today's world there is any more opportunities and sometimes you create opportunities by reaching out the people having a conversation so it's not as if we sit on the sideline to see if somebody's declaring that, you know, they are looking for some sort of transaction. So, we're very actively engaged with a number of people in the industry and geographically around the world. And we are considering capital deploying options all the time. And what comes back to as Steve said as we have some very hard fast M&A metrics and that is our kind of litmus test for evaluation and if we found a larger transaction that make strategic sense and met those metrics and we felt good about the chemistry and integration path, you know, we certainly would seriously consider that.
Mark Guinan: I want to make sure I am clear on the question Brian, so tell me if I am answering what you are asking. Cash flow was stronger than we anticipated this year. We did actually take that as an opportunity to accelerate a couple of capital investments into this year and our free cash flow still stronger than the guidance that I had provided, so we felt we did that responsibly. And that was some strategic decisions and try to accelerate some items that we're working on in our Invigorate program and so and so forth. Going into this year I am guiding to flat cash flow year-over-year. Obviously as you know there's various moving pieces, one time things that could impact positively, so net-net $1.1 million of operating cash flow, $250 million to $300 million of expected capital investment and then the rest of free cash flow, you know, half of that at least is going to be committed to our shareholders through our dividend which again we increased recently on by double-digits and then supplemented by some share buybacks. With the rest of free cash flow back to an earlier question I got it, it is dependent on executing M&A and it's not then we will buyback additional shares, so really that's to be determine.
Mark Guinan: So, as Steve mentioned and I said in my prepared remarks we got about a 30 basis headwind by our calculation from hurricane Matthew, we do have a significant business in Florida and although really only northern Florida was hit because of the preparations there were a lot fewer office visits and a lot fewer lab draws in the state of Florida while Matthew was going on and then certainly it hit to the Carolina as well significantly and so we have some impact there. So that certainly dampened growth would've been otherwise and without getting into too math there is a difference in the calendar and we don't always talk about this, but weekends we do less business, weekdays we do more, so any given quarter, you know, depending on how many weekends there, weekdays versus the prior year there can be some impact as well. We don't into too much detail, but you can take a look at the calendar to see how Q4 compared to 2015 and see that there were fewer weeks.
Mark Guinan: Sure. Ross, typically we don’t give any guidance -- quarterly guidance or SG&A, but I can assure you that different from last year. You shouldn’t expect a, you know, quarterly differential. Last year we were building some key capabilities, around our data diagnostics and other things, investing upfront, as necessary ahead of some revenues, but I don’t anticipate anything significant similar this year.
Stephen Rusckowski: And again when we talk price erosion that's pure price freezing all other variable's one revenue per rent basis, we haven’t really provided specific guidance.
Stephen Rusckowski: So, first of all, Ricky, we have not submitted the data yet, we're preparing to do that in the first quarter by PAMA. As you're aware we're all going to submit data in 2017 for the goal of CMS to refresh the clinical lab [ph] reschedule for 2018. But what I said our remarks is, as trade association was spending some time to talk about where are we with PAMA, what has to with administration said. How is Congress digesting that? How that might affect CMS? So, we're not prepared to say anything about that, but we wanted to call that that out in my prepared remarks. And we're considering others might -- where we're right now with the new administration might affect this Bill. Also as we've talked about in the past, about 12% of our revenues, we're well prepared to absorb that given our progress and you see continued progress would invigorate. We have now good line of sight to that $1.3 billion goal in 2017. We haven’t provided exact expectations beyond that. But at our Investor Day in the fall, we clearly showed that there's more opportunity beyond that $1.3 billion run rate, which gives us confidence if, in fact, there's some price reductions on the clinical IP schedule to absorb that in the new course of running our business.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yes. Two sides of what we classify as anatomic pathology, one is on tissues, we would say that business is relatively stable for us. The second is with our path business, we've talked about in the past with the new guidance -- the new guidelines that were established number of years ago, we continue to see a decline in that business, albeit our -- the decline has slowed in 2016 and we expected that will continue in 2017. So, hopefully that's answering the question you asked.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah, thanks, A.J. Let me start. First of all, we did transition those employers over in November as you said. We are off to a good start. We are very pleased with how that has gone. We are actually very pleased on both sides that's Quest as well as Optum worked on the change management with their employees. The people that moved over are now employees of Optum that are very much part of the team of Quest. So we feel good about that. We are off to a good start. Now we did this just to reminder everyone because we believe by working with Optum we are going to have a better capability of working on our bad debt, our denials, our reimbursement and we think -- we still believe there is a lot of opportunity in front of us. So Mark, would you like to respond to the specifics of what we might see that.
Stephen Rusckowski: A.J., just to remind everyone that's this work with retailers is part of our strategy to accelerate growth. As I said in my remarks we are now laser focused on accelerating growth. And if you recall, you go back at the Investor Day we laid out our approach is to that one of which is to be the provider of choice for this industry. And we think what we're doing with Safeway is a good proof point of providing great -- a great experience for consumers in a different environment. The feedback has been very strong. When we talked about this at Investor Day there is a portion of requisitions or orders in this industry that go on fulfilled and we believe that having better access and very nice storefronts facilities like what we have with Safeway will benefits our business and benefit Safeway, benefits the patient by giving the testing done, they need to get done. So we see this is a growth platform for us not just a cash savings platform. And then finally is, as we have said at investor day, we continue to work with other potential retailers. Their health strategies, they are very focused on it. They see health as a major platform for their growth and then opportunity for them to get more traffic into their store. So more to come on that. But we are off to a good start. And again, it’s a key strategy for us around the consumer, there is other parts what we are doing around the consumer, Ancestry would be another example of that. What we are doing with MyQuest, a smart app and actually this year as we exited the year without even pushing it really hard. We have over 3.5 million registered users from MyQuest, getting access to the lab results. So a lot of different initiatives underway to build on this growth theme of Quest being the super choice in our space.
Stephen Rusckowski: It’s interesting idea. And we will think about how and if we do that, because it is helpful to get some idea of how much flow we are getting. So we thank you for that idea.
Stephen Rusckowski: Well, first of all, it is all if. So, we are very careful to say it could or if. And we are not going to provide specifics of what we would possibly do, because it’s very hypothetical. But our two strategies that we're focused on is accelerating growth and driving operational excellence and if we get some benefit that we will consider the best way of concerning what we do with that gain. But we're not providing specific clarity beyond that.
Stephen Rusckowski: So, as you know, PAMA usage lands where the goal is which is for implementation in 2018. And if I gather the data and factors and price erosion against the clinical laboratory fee schedule, you know, the smaller laboratories that hospital outreach have a higher proportion of their revenues from the clinical laboratory fee schedule that we do, so they are much more exposed. So as we have talked about in the past we believe this is a good catalyst for Mark to continue to consolidate, and that's we still feel confident around that 1% to 2% growth through acquisitions. We demonstrated in the past four years we’re able to do that. We feel good about prospects or M&A funnel. And then also if you look at the competitiveness of our business going forward with this dynamic in place, I think it just speaks volumes than the opportunity we have in front of us, is a very strong player, they brings a lot of value to our industry, that's good start for years to come. Also as far as PAMA is concerned you probably a lot of seen Inspector General report that was published in the fall as trade association we continue to be concerned with the few facts there. First fact is that from what they have shared is small fraction of total laboratories they think will be gathered in the data collection about 5%. 5% the laboratories that are building in CMS now they represents about 69% of the total Medicare billings, but it is not -- close to 100% so this is not the intention of Congress. We're evaluating that as a trade association. And then second is, in that data I am assuming they make some assumptions around the gathering the data in hospitals knowing what they need to do around that provider number and whether there is an applicable lab or not. So the more data we get into CMS, the more representatives it is market-based pricing and that was always the full intent of Congress. So this is what I am referring to in my commentary that we're evaluating based upon what we heard from Inspector General, what we know is happening in Washington as we speak round reviews of the new regulation and we will decide in due course of what we need to do anything going forward as far as the position as a trade association.
Stephen Rusckowski: We are going to take a step back and think about the use of that installed windfall for now to get the best shareholder return. As you expect we would do.
Stephen Rusckowski: It’s all very hypothetical, I don't want to speculate, but you can trust like we done in the past, we are going to carefully take the best use of any type of additional earnings to do the right thing to get a good return for our shareholders.
Stephen Rusckowski: Our relationship with United Healthcare Group continues to get stronger. We are a big provider today, already laboratory services. We do have a number of areas where we actually do have carve out if you will, providing services on contract. We have not got specific on that, but we do. And our work without Optum, our revenue services, revenue cycle services this reinforces our relationship. I was asked the question when we did this in the fall, does this help you with United and my answer is it doesn't hurt you, since it’s very visible and we are clearly a strategic partner of United Healthcare Group. And then also we had mentioned that we are partnering around wellness. We are the partner for Optum as they provide wellness solutions to their client base and we're happy about that. And what I will share is that obviously we are trying to get the best possible access as possible with these many healthcare insurers in our portfolio. We are not a national provider for United today and we're hopeful as we go forward we get strong with United as they work through their contract considerations, so we are hopeful that we could be more of a provider than we are today, but we don't have any specifics share with you at this time.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah, first of all, what we said we will continue to do going forward is what we said in 2012. Our business is diagnostic information services. Anything we do in terms of potential acquisition into scope, so everything as pretty strategically align. And the reason why we are so committed to it, we have cleaned up our portfolio to support that. Because we think substantial opportunities in that scope of our market. So with that we said there are a number of smaller acquisitions we can do which are in that 1% to 2%, but we also said over the years is that if something were to come to us that make strategic sense that we could build value creation case for our shareholders, we wouldn’t rule it out. But what I will again share is that we're not do an acquisitions that we cannot have the value creation. And that has been something that we have delivered against in our capital deployment strategy service well. So no matter big or small everything we do is going to create value for our shareholders.
Stephen Rusckowski: Thanks for the question Brian. What I had mentioned is that, you know, through 2020 I would expect the pricing environment to continue to be similar to what has been in the last couple years, separate from PAMA and then if you also recall I did a slide kind of and if PAMA happens, you know, some of it -- especially at some of the lower end possibilities are kind of within the variability. As you look at this year we had about 50 basis points erosion in the back half, certainly higher than the first half, so if PAMA ends up contributing overall another 30, 40 basis points is almost within the variability of what we have seen, obviously if PAMA ends up being at high-end it would be a little more significant, but as you might expect we considered all of that in the guidance that we gave, this will be in the lookout that I gave and view in earnings growth relative to revenue through 2020.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah, well, first of all, we have a strategy for years now focusing on what we believe supporting element of what's happening in healthcare in the U.S. that is hospitals of the big influence over laboratory strategy in general. We shared at our Investor Day it’s about 50% of the marketplace. If you look at all the laboratories that are part of inpatient acute care setting and to run those we can help them with those laboratories to make more efficient. And then second is there a big part of the non-hospitals of market were about roughly a third of the market is those hospital systems competing with us. So we three or four years ago -- this is core part of our strategy, back to 2012 we said it was one of our three focus areas. And so we've been investing. It is not something you can just put up a shingle and get it to the market easy. I remind you these three areas we work with hospitals on. One is providing the most sophisticated advanced testing sometimes called reference testing, we are the leader there. Second is we help them become more efficient with their inpatient hospital cost and the deal that we just announced today with Montefiore, is a good example, where they leverage on our efficiency and seems that money makes them more efficient, so they can focus on what they want to focus on is a system. And then finally is outreach. And in some cases we buy outreach businesses where we have an outright purchase. What we announced last year was the relationship of Hartford Hospital in Connecticut is an example of that. The best place for us to be is requesting side of the their lab strategy where we are helping them with reference work, we are helping them with our inpatient laboratory and where they are partner for outreach. Do, it’s all three. So we have been at this for a while, by being added we have invested in capabilities, repeatable methodologies, how do you price them, how do you call on the [indiscernible], what I will share is this is not typical laboratory sale it's not in a physician level, it is not at a lab director level, it’s typically with the CEO and CFO delivery system. This is strategic. And so many of these conversions are at the most senior level. So I think it is a big part of -- has been a big of our strategy for a long time. We're gathering momentum. As you can see with the deals we have announced. Last year we announced Barnabas, we announced HCA, we have yet another one in the first quarter. So we have shown that we are getting momentum and we have a strong pipeline. And as far as others participating in the marketplace I think that's reinforces, the interest in the marketplace. It is a big market, there is plenty of opportunities, there is thousands of hospitals. Do we think we are going to be the only competitor in the space? No. But I think it’s just another data point that this is a good strategy that we have been working on and there is a lot more interest out there than just what we have done in few deals. So it’s getting momentum in general in terms of integrated delivery systems, thinking about the lab strategy. So we are encouraged about the progress we have made and we are very, very optimistic about the future growth opportunities in that investment.
Stephen Rusckowski: I think that was the last question and we thank all of you for joining the call. As we said at the beginning I'll close with this. We have strong quarter and a solid 2016. We're looking forward to accelerated growth and driving operational excellence this year in 2017. We thank you for all your support and you have great day.
