Kathleen Valentine: Thank you, and good morning. I am here with Surya Mohapatra, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Hagemann, our Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include, but are not limited to, those described in Quest Diagnostics' 2010 annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. A copy of our earnings press release is available, and a text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the Investor Relations' Quarterly Updates section of our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now, here is Surya Mohapatra.
Kathleen Valentine: On the Medicare co-pay. We're working with the trade association, educating the administration officials and members of congress on the negative impact, the Medicare co-pay and the considered forms would have on the seniors, as well as the lab industry. And we're looking importantly to remind the folks in Washington that diagnostic testing, laboratory represents a very small portion of total healthcare spending in the U.S., less than 3%. And we've already given up a lot. We're absorbing 1.75% reduction for 5 years. We've got a productivity adjustment that we've agreed to with the healthcare reform legislation over the past last year. So we feel like we've contributed significantly already. We're a small portion of the healthcare spend, and we want to make sure that that's appropriately and fairly considered in wherever they go with the co-pay idea.
Kathleen Valentine: And the effort legislatively, Amanda, we continue to work hard to educate the folks in Washington on the issue. It's active, it's very active, but it continues. There's nothing of significant note yet, but we continue to work very hard with our trade association.
Robert Hagemann: It's all connected. And what I'll try and do is bridge you back on operating income at least, the initial guidance that we put out for the year, which was approximately 18%. As we got through the first quarter, we adjusted that to 17.5% to 18%, essentially tightened that range a little bit, but still pretty close to where we had anticipated in the first part of the year. And at that point, we're still holding the revenue growth. What we saw in the second quarter, particularly in May, at least in our results, was a further softening in the marketplace. And as a result, we've adjusted our top line guidance now, essentially on the volume side. And as you know, with a business that's principally fixed-cost base, you've got to take a lot of cost out just to preserve margins if you're adjusting your top line. That's what we're doing. You've seen us announce now a charge in Q1. We've got another charge coming in Q3 in connection with the actions we've just taken. And then actually, we're looking longer term at what we can do with costs, and I'll come back to that in a minute. So at this point, we've adjusted operating income percentage down to 17.5%, essentially moved it to the lower end of the range that we had, reflecting the change in volume expectations. And some dilution, some minor dilution from Celera. As I told you, when we announced the Celera transaction, we expected it to be dilutive by an immaterial amount this year, and that's some of what you see in the operating income percentage there. With that said, as we look at where we're at versus the beginning of the year, despite the fact that we brought the top line guidance down, we stayed pretty close on the operating income percentage. And actually, from the beginning of the year, we've raised the EPS guidance at this point. The initial range that we had out there was $4.10 to $4.30 as a result of the share repurchases and the cost actions we've taken. We've been able to up that range to the $4.25 to $4.35 despite the expectations for lower volume. So hopefully that addresses your question on the current operating income percent. With respect to the cost reduction program, just like the last one that we announced several years ago, which that's also one that I oversaw, we provided more information as we went along. And we expect to do the same thing here. We'll give you some progress on how much we've achieved with those -- where those are coming from. But as you think about the areas that you typically think about, right, how we operate our labs and our other facilities, i.e., the cost of testing, we have a lot of costs outside the labs, though. Our network for obtaining and transporting samples is something that we're looking at as well. And additionally, we want to get at the SG&A area. So we're looking at all support functions, much of which sits in the G&A. And we believe that there's some redundancies in costs across our business, which we'll get at. At this point, we're not in a position to provide some more details. We want to socialize this and make sure our employees fully understand it and appreciate it before we start providing more details outside. But we expect to do that as we progress with the program.
Robert Hagemann: Well, Tom, one thing I'll tell you is they are investments, so we're not expecting them to come down. We expect the impact that they're having on margins, though, to dissipate as they start to deliver top line growth for us, which we believe they will. But one way to think about it without completely sizing it for you is the increase that we're seeing in SG&A this quarter versus the prior year on an adjusted basis is principally due to the additions of Celera. As you know, Celera was basically operating at a loss before we acquired them. We're thinking about it as a turnaround. There's a lot of SG&A costs there which still needs to come out. We've got quite a bit of it in the first quarter of ownership, but there's more to go. But that's really the driver of the increase in SG&A versus the prior year at this point. We've seen improvements in Baghdad, which is helping that. And then the investments that we've made in sales and service are really offsetting those bad debt improvements.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, that's exactly the case, Bryan. We had not included Celera in our previous guidance. That contributes about 1% to the total revenue growth. And what that means is our expectations for the base business now are down about 1.5% from where they were. That's principally all volume-related, and that's really as a result of what we've seen in the second quarter in terms of the further softening in physician office visits.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, you've heard us say this before. We need to have some top line growth in order to continue expanding margins. Certainly, this cost reduction program is going to be an important contributor to that, but we would expect to see some top line growth. And certainly, over the period we're talking about, we expect that to be the case. Our long-term outlook for the market is that it's going to continue to grow. Demographics, the pace with which new tests are introduced, the increased focus on early detection and prevention are all things that we believe bode well for this market over the long term. And we think we're very well positioned now with some of the acquisitions that we've done to take advantage of that future market growth, although we are seeing a temporary slowdown at the moment.
Robert Hagemann: I wouldn't say the bar is any higher, Ricky. I think we do need a couple of points revenue growth to have sustained margin improvement. And as you've seen, we have not had that sort of revenue growth and that's one of the reasons that we're initiating the cost actions that we are.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, we're not disclosing that, Ricky, because we really don't want to put people in a position to back in to pricing of Celera and Athena because we think that, that is competitively sensitive information. But with that said, the underlying revenue per acquisition has been pretty stable and in line with our expectations. And as we told you, the year-over-year comparisons there start to improve as the year progresses, as we start to anniversary some of the things that occurred last year and the year before.
Robert Hagemann: We just addressed that a little bit with Ricky. Certainly, the cost reduction program is an important contributor to that -- achieving that goal, but we do need some top line growth. Yes, we need generally in the range of a couple of percent top line growth to have sustained margin expansion. And we haven't seen that and again that's why we're initiating this program.
Robert Hagemann: No, that's not the way I would necessarily think about it. Yes we, like every business, have cost increases that we expect to see in salaries, wages and benefits. And this $500 million is a reduction in cost that we'd otherwise have, had we done nothing, essentially. So we'll still see some inflationary increases as we look ahead. But this is going to mitigate that and also provide us additional funds to invest in science and innovation and contribute to margin expansion.
Robert Hagemann: You should assume that what's baked into the current year guidance is you're impacted by the short-term actions that we've taken.
Robert Hagemann: We started to see some benefits of that this quarter, Ralph. But remember, it's not just changes in contract pricing that drove this. A lot of it was mix and that mix shift continues, as we see continued growth in the Drugs of Abuse Testing business and as we see a continuation of the softness on the AP side. Those 2 factors are also contributing to the change in revenue direct year-over-year. But again, we've seen it stabilize, and we feel good about the underlying revenue direct at this point for the remainder of the year.
Robert Hagemann: Ralph, as you heard from Surya, 85% of our business comes from physician offices. As you start to look at the data, I think it's important to understand what's happening with primary care versus specialist and the like. I have not had a chance to analyze the June data at this point. And while there's a strong correlation overall with physician office visits, month-to-month is not necessarily the best way to look at it. And frankly, we even need to be careful as we look at volume trends within the quarter as well. There's certainly correlation.
Robert Hagemann: Bill, I would also add, too, that it's important for us to make sure that we understand what's important to our customers, and that those aspects of the business are not impacted by what we do here. Certainly, the accuracy and reliability of our testing is paramount there and we expect to continue to be able to differentiate ourselves in that regard. Yes, having a broad testing menu is also very important, and you've seen that we continue to invest in that regard. And as Surya said, SG&A is an area that we're going to spend a lot of time looking at. And for the most part, that doesn't touch the customer.
Robert Hagemann: It's adjusted out. So if you look at the Footnotes in the earnings release, you'll see all the things that are adjusted out to arrive at the adjusted guidance.
Robert Hagemann: Bob, as Surya indicated, look, we get smarter each year about our business and what we can and can't do. And certainly, I think that the customer constraints that we have in terms of what we can do with our cost structure we've learned more about over the last several years as we've taken costs out. And I think I have a better view as to some areas that we can go after now, which we previously thought may have been off limits.
Robert Hagemann: Bob, that's something we look at periodically with our board. Over time, we would expect that the dividend payout would grow commensurate with earnings and cash flows. But it's something that we look at over a longer period. And again, we evaluate it with our board on a periodic basis.
Robert Hagemann: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, I think we're probably going to have more focus on SG&A this time around. Not that we didn't address SG&A as part of the last program, but I think we want to take a harder look at that. And additionally, as I said, I think we understand our customer constraints better, and that's going to free us up to do some other things.
Robert Hagemann: I wouldn't say it's greater or less. It's an important piece of our spending. It's also important in terms of the way we deliver our service to our customers, and we want to make sure that it continues to be something that we do very effectively. But we do think that there's opportunities to further reduce cost there as well.
Robert Hagemann: And just to clarify a little bit, Gary, as we think about mix broadly, it's the esoteric mix contributed by Athena and Celera that drove the improvement in revenue per rec this year. And the base business is where we've seen sort of the negative mix as we've got growth in the lower-priced Drugs of Abuse Testing business and the continued challenges on the AP side of the business, which is higher priced. With that said, the base business, the underlying revenue per rec continued to be pretty stable, and we don't foresee anything that would cause that to change dramatically this year.
Robert Hagemann: Darren, this is Bob. Let me answer part of it, and I know Surya is going to want to comment on the sales force aspect of it. With respect to the change in guidance, while we don't provide guidance for revenue per rec and volume, I would tell you that our expectations for full-year volume have been reduced principally as a result of what we've seen. That doesn't necessarily mean that the volume that we expect in the second half we expect to be worse than the volume that we've experienced in the first half. The point was our expectations for the full year have changed principally because the market is softer than we expected when we first put volume guidance out there.
Robert Hagemann: Darren, we haven't disclosed that, and we try not to provide too much guidance on the components of the business, again, obviously for competitive reasons. But we have been making it pretty clear that, that business continues to be soft.
Robert Hagemann: Well, certainly, as we told you when we acquired each of those businesses, we think that there's significant opportunity to accelerate their growth as part of being Quest Diagnostics, in terms of making our infrastructure and network available to them or connectivity or patient service centers or sales force, just access to the physician and hospital customers that we serve. And we feel very good about that opportunity, and we're executing against that now. Surya mentioned SMA, we're feeling very good about how that's progressing at this point, and our excitement about both of those deals continues to be very high.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, as we look at our organic volume growth year-to-date, it's relatively flat. Again, we can point to physician office visits as an indication. The other thing I would point to is as we look at the volumes that come in to our esoteric testing facilities from reference labs, i.e., they're customers but they're also competitors, we see those down as well. I think that there's clearly a softening in the market, which is impacting volumes. And that, we believe, is the principal contributor to what we've seen in terms of the softness here.
Robert Hagemann: Again, it's hard to say. There's not good data available on the market. We look at the data points that I just referenced here. And relative to those, our volumes seem like they're performing as you would expect overall. Well, we still think that we have opportunity to improve our performance. It seems as though it's relatively consistent with some of the broader market indicators that we see out there.
Robert Hagemann: Anthony, some of our largest, many of our largest contracts go past 2013. There's always contracts coming up every year, but some of our largest ones are now locked in for long periods of time.
Robert Hagemann: That is correct. The CPI which is used as the basis for the adjustment next year, I believe, was 3.6%. That will be reduced by a productivity adjustment and then the 1.75% that was a give back as part of healthcare reform. That productivity adjustment still has to be finalized. There are some estimates out there that it'll be about 1.2% or so. When you do the math, that gets you down to about 2/3 of 1% increase potentially in the Medicare fee schedule. And that's going to be relatively immaterial amount to us, although certainly better than a reduction.
Surya Mohapatra: Tom, I just want to add one more thing that -- we have done this, and we are good at doing these things. And we will use Six Sigma and Lean Six Sigma principles, but we'll not sacrifice patient care or medical quality while we do cost reductions. As Bob said, we're going to look at SG&A, and we'll look at the way we organize and go after this.
Surya Mohapatra: Ricky, first of all, May was not a good month, and we did confirm our guidance in May. But having 2 months of data, we realized that this temporary slowdown is probably going to continue for the rest of the year. So here is what we see. 85% of our business comes from patients visiting the doctor's office. In April to May quarterly data, we have 6% decrease in physician office visits, so that affects us a little bit. Regarding insourcing of Anatomic Pathology, that's 16% of our business. Obviously, that's affecting us a little bit. But then we have some of our health plans. They are changing their membership, and that's also affecting us. So when we look at all those things, just temporary things and we know that we are going to go through these things. But when I look at the long term and the medium term, I feel that we have all the efforts, and we are focused on our strategy of differentiation of making the company more esoteric and gene-based. So we reduced our guidance, the top line guidance, based on the office visits and what is going on in insourcing. And but on the other hand, the acquisitions like Celera and Athena is helping us to increase our presence in esoteric and gene-based testing, which is going faster than the routine testing.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, as I told you that our sales force expansion is completed, and we are organized with the customer phasing organization so that we can be closer to our customers, whether they are hospital, physicians or oncologists. In some areas, I'm pleased how these sales people have come up. In some other areas, we have much work to do. But I want to also make a comment on our operating income. We had a long-term goal of reaching 20% operating income, and we know that we're going through a temporary slowdown. However, as Bob said, the medium-term expectation of this industry is really great. It has tremendous potential for growth, and we are launching this multiyear initiative for cost reductions. So I am much more encouraged with some top line growth and some reduction in the expenses to reach operating income of 20%.
Surya Mohapatra: Let comment on that. Over the last 2 or 3 years, what we have been doing methodically is moving our business to more gene-based esoteric and anatomic pathology and getting focused on the diseases, which are very important, like cancer, infectious disease, cardiovascular disease and neuromuscular disorders. Those are the areas which are growing. Now because of recession and because of Health Care Reform for the time being, we have a lot of personal routine testing and some insourcing going on in anatomic pathology. But we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of the fast-growing markets in esoteric and gene-based, and nobody else has the products of the test and the network as we have. So I'm very excited that although the last 2 or 3 years have been lackluster -- but going forward, we are going to gain market share in the areas which are faster moving market.
Surya Mohapatra: Let me just make a comment, Ralph. First of all, as you heard, we are adjusting our cost based on the lower volume. So we have taken some costs out, and we will take charge in the third quarter. And as Bob said, despite the lower volume, we are still meeting our full-year guidance. So that's short-term cost reduction we do as a part of the business. As far as the long-term cost reduction, we just started the program. And like the last time, we will give you the information as we go on. But like any other cost reduction and efficiency improvement program, some cost savings are going to go towards investment, and some cost savings are going to go towards the bottom line. But again, we have done this before. We can do it, and we will do it without sacrificing medical quality and patient care.
Surya Mohapatra: There's certainly correlation, but it's not one to one because obviously if they are down by 4% or 6%, we are not down by that much. And that also shows at least to me that some of the investment we have made in sales and sales force, we are staying close to our customers.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, let me answer that a little bit. First of all, $500 million sounds obviously large, but it is less than 10% over the next 3 years. You are absolutely right. The number one item for me is how to increase the volume, and that is one of the reasons why over the last 18 months, we have done a lot of work. For example, the organizer needs organized to be customer phasing because we know that we are going through some personal routine testing, but we also know that gene-based and esoteric testing are growing faster than the routine testing. So we are very pleased actually how we are growing in hospital services and how we are growing in esoteric and gene-based testing. But we also have to grow in the routine testing, and these costs take -- we're going to take out -- we're going to use this Six Sigma, Lean Six Sigma principle. And as Bob said, one of the major target that we see and I have is DNA. So we're not really going to take costs out from customer phasing or patient-phasing activities. And I think this is the appropriate target for us, and we will do it in a deliberate speed with growth as the number one goal. And that's why we are saying that a part of this cost savings would be invested in growth. And we are focused on actually growing the top line. If we cannot grow the top line, no cost reduction is going to help us.
Surya Mohapatra: I must tell you, the contract is fine and the way they work in contract, and neither party has given any notice of nonrenewal. The board and I are fully aligned, and I'm focused on growing the top line and the bottom line.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, Anatomic Pathology is major activities going on in insourcing because this is the way for the practitioners to get revenues. We are working with our trade association to see if we can reduce some of the tests. We are working with some health plans who have not changed reimbursement. But most of the Anatomic Pathology reimbursement, especially now, what we see in derm is going towards dermatologists.
Surya Mohapatra: Not really. We work with them and working very closely. As we said, there are no major managed care contracts for renewal. Our relations with managed care organizations are very good. We are working with them with the employers to change the benefit plan to have test coming from higher cost provider to us. We're also working with many managed care organizations on the disease program, and we're using our analytics and informatics skills to help them getting prepared for the future, which may be around [ph] care organizations.
Surya Mohapatra: You're getting the same data, many more data than we are getting. We represent 15% of the market, so I consider our numbers are representing what is happening in the market. We really don't know actually, unless -- well, first of all, I cannot comment actually what they see, maybe different kind of membership. But we are assuming that at least to this year, the rest of the second half, we are going to see lower utilization. But if it goes up, everybody is happy.
Surya Mohapatra: We will maintain our current international focus, and mainly it is actually in India because that's where we're investing. We have some business in Mexico and some business in -- a small business in U.K., and we're looking at that. But mainly it's the investment in India, which remains the same. And you say it's a medium-term investment, and it's moving. But it is a very slow progress. But that's all.
Surya Mohapatra: And as regards to the sales, as I mentioned, that in some areas, we added 100 people in different areas: cancer, diagnostics, hospital sales and physician sales. In some areas, I'm pleased that they have come up to speed. In some areas, we still have much more work to do. But as Bob said, that is basically the change in outlook in the beginning of the year, what's going to the office visits versus now.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, I think Anatomic Pathology is a very important aspect of cancer diagnostics, and that's not -- the demand for Anatomic Pathology is not going to go away. What is changing now that we saw in the beginning, as I mentioned, that there is more insourcing with GI and GU and that is moderated. And now it's going through a little bit of dermatologist and hemato-oncologists. I think all I can tell you is that the rate of internalization may have decreased a little bit, but we're still expecting this year we're going to be challenged. But again, this is a temporary challenge when you consider cancer is an unfortunate disease which is growing, and there's a lot more diagnostics required with the therapy. So we feel that we are positioned appropriately, and this is going to flatten out. But we are expecting the rest of the year that we will still be challenged in AP as far as the insourcing. It may not be as bad as last year, but still it is challenged.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, this is a very interesting question because I don't comment on the board discussion. But obviously, if the board and the management are aligned, all of us will now be doing these things. The ultimate goal and the one which I am focused on and also Bob and my management team is to grow the top line and the bottom line and we have to do what we have to do to run the business.
Surya Mohapatra: As regards to the flow, any molecular diagnostics and any flows under there are very complicated tests, and I think that will be less insourced than just the histology. That's what we see. And the advantage for a company like us is to combine clinical pathology, anatomic pathology and molecular diagnostics and that's how we still do the business with us. So I think the main insourcing is going on with the specialties for histology rather than molecular diagnostics, because it's a pretty complex thing to run and maintain.
Surya Mohapatra: It's going to give us a pipeline of products. We didn't have SMA and with Athena, it's going to grow across the network. And same thing will happen with Celera and BHL, we'll provide our physicians some of the unit product BHL provides and some of the IVD products Celera provides. So we are pretty excited about our recent acquisitions.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, when you are bringing in some new people that you are adding to the industry, people are different. It takes time for them to learn the business, learn the industry and at the same time we have some macro environment. So that's one thing. The second thing is we -- in some areas, people have come up to speed, and they are really meeting their quota. In some areas, we have to fully train them all, and we have to refine. But this is a process in which the sales force have pretty much improved. However, having said that, I'm glad that we have done these things because we are getting prepared for whenever there's an opportunity, we will be there before anybody else.
Surya Mohapatra: No. Well, first of all, this is still a very competitive marketplace. Many of our customers and even our competitors, whether they're hospitals or whether they're commercial labs and other stuff, we win in some areas and we have lost in some areas. As I mentioned, that we introduced SureSwab. Women's health is a large business for us, and we had weakness in that product offering. And now we plug that weakness by introducing SureSwab and SMA. So we take competition seriously. And in some areas, we have lost some accounts to competition, and we are going after those accounts.
Surya Mohapatra: Yes. I think that's actually -- I made a comment about Vitamin D, although it grew double-digit, but the rate of growth is moderating. So Vitamin D testing.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, we really don't give any particular test or a particular component. And the reason why I made that comment is because obviously everybody knows that Vitamin D has tremendous growth over the last 2 or 3 years, and it is appropriate for us to really tell you that although it is growing, it is not growing at the same rate as before. As far as our goal of being the leader and provider in gene-based and esoteric testing, that does not change because one goes down, one may come up. And as I mentioned that we introduced a number of other tests which are going from a small base whether it is colorectal, whether it's OVA1, whether it is SMA. So the pipeline is good. We have a good number of tests in gene-based and esoteric testing, and I feel pretty encouraged that, that market is growing faster than the routine. And we have been investing, and we'll continue investing that area to take advantage of the fast-growing market there.
Surya Mohapatra: At the moment, it's 36%. And again, we have not given any set goal. And as you know that what is esoteric today, may be routine in 3 or 4 years.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, I think -- well, first of all, the rate of growth in Vitamin D has been tremendous. So you cannot really continue with that rate of growth. So that's number one. Number two, I think there will be continued positive and negative, but I think what you are seeing is actually just the rate of growth. And the early adopters are slowing down.
