Mark Guinan: Thanks, Steve. Consolidated revenues of $1.89 billion were up 1.8% versus the prior year. As a reminder, we now report patient concessions as a reduction of net revenues instead of as bad debt, due to a required change in revenue recognition accounting. Revenues for diagnostic information services, or DIS for short, grew 1.9%, compared to the prior year, driven by acquisitions and an easier compare, due to the hurricane effect last year. Volume, measured by the number of requisitions, increased 2% versus the prior year. Excluding acquisitions, volumes grew approximately 70 basis points in the quarter. Revenue per requisition in the third quarter declined by 80 basis points versus the prior year. As a reminder, revenue per req is not a proxy for price. It also includes a number of variables such as unit price variation, business mix, test mix, and tests per req. During the third quarter, unit price headwinds remained consistent with our expectations for the full-year with a headwind of approximately 50 basis points from PAMA and approximately 100 basis points from all other factors. As we’ve shared previously, Medicare reimbursement pressure will increase in 2019, due to PAMA. Other mix elements remained positive in the quarter and partially offset the impact of reimbursement headwinds, as well as growth in our professional laboratory services business. Reported operating income for the quarter was $304 million, or 16.1% of revenues, compared to $298 million, or 16.1% of revenues last year. On an adjusted basis, operating income was $311 million, or 16.5% of revenues, compared to $325 million, or 17.5% of revenues last year. The decline in adjusted operating margin was due to several factors, including: investments related to tax reform savings, which had a 60-basis point adverse impact on operating margin; integration efforts of acquisitions, which take time to deliver a full margin contribution; and the impact of PAMA. Reported EPS was $1.53 in the quarter, compared to $1.15 a year ago. Adjusted EPS was $1.68, up approximately 25% from $1.35 last year. During the quarter, patient concessions, previously recognized as part of bad debt, were up as a percentage of revenue year-over-year. We continue to see an increase in patient revenues as a percentage of total revenue, due to the ongoing trend of rising patient deductibles and an uptick in uninsured patients. Cash provided by operations year to date was $905 million versus $852 million last year. Capital expenditures year to date were $232 million, compared to $170 million a year ago, which is in-line with the higher CapEx spend planned for 2018. Now, turning to guidance. We are updating our outlook for 2018 as follows. Revenue is now expected to be approximately $7.62 billion, an increase of approximately 3% versus the prior year. Reported EPS to be between $5.57 and $5.64, and adjusted EPS to be between $6.53 and $6.60. Cash provided by operations continues to be approximately $1.3 billion; and capital expenditures continue to be between $350 million and $400 million. Our updated guidance reflects the industry headwinds we’ve experienced versus our expectations in 2018. While we aren’t prepared to share 2019 guidance, there are some elements I’d like you to keep in mind. First, we have a significant opportunity to grow with our new UnitedHealthcare contract. However, moving in network comes with lower reimbursement versus the out of network services we provide to UHC patients today. Second, as Steve mentioned earlier, we are already on track to deliver 1% to 2% revenue growth from M&A next year. Third, as you are already aware, the impact from PAMA is expected to increase from a headwind of approximately 50 basis points this year to more than 100 basis points in 2019. And finally, we expect approximately 150 basis points of reimbursement pressure beyond PAMA from our third-party payers, which includes the impact of becoming an in-network provider for United and other health plan contract changes; as well as hospitals and physicians that we bill directly. After considering all these headwinds and tailwinds, we are well- positioned to grow revenue and earnings in 2019. We look forward to sharing more detail with you at Investor Day. I will now turn it back to Steve.
Mark Guinan: Well, Ross, on patient concessions, you know we have a larger percentage of our revenue coming from patients. And as we’ve shared in the past, the un-collectability, so it is bad debt for other sources what we call patient concessions from patients proportioned is much, much higher from patients than it is from any others source. So, we all have almost 0 bad debt from all the other revenue sources. So, really what was previously bad debt and now is patient concessions is largely a factor of collecting bills from patients. And again, a little bit of it is from the uninsured and most of it really comes from patients who have insurances, who are in the deductible and so they are paying a large proportion on all of their medical cost or it is from their coinsurance. And so, as that mix changes, unfortunately even though we are improving and continue to improve the bad debt rate or patient concession rate, through some of the things we’ve done such as putting in our Easy Pay in our office phlebotomist and also our patient service centers also giving more transparency of price ahead as we talked about with our transparency tool with large amount of payers or patients know the cost, know the responsibility they have and it gives us a chance to collect upfront. Just because of mix that has been a headwind and as you know now with the accounting changes it’s not just a headwind to operating margin, but it’s a headwind to revenues as well. To your question why we couldn’t see this coming, I mean we really don't know until we start doing collections and so given the cycle itself of performing the service, and then billing the payer, potentially having some back-and-forth claims on the adjudication, and ultimately billing the patient and seeing our collectability, you know it takes some time. And so, we obviously don't know if there is any definition of what’s driving this, but when you look at some of the recent information that’s come out from several sources around deductible, amounts are actually going up on average, so patients are paying a greater proportion of their healthcare, especially the patients that use a lot of our services because large majority is for healthy patients who go to the physician for a regular checkup. Therefore, we believe that that’s a factor and a second one, there has been a small increase in the number of uninsured patients that we’re serving. Obviously, we don’t know whether that was driven by some changes in the Affordable Care Act recently or what’s driving that, but we definitely have seen that. So that’s on the patient concessions. On the pricing, that’s what I was trying to do, was to give you all the moving pieces. So, when you look at the totality, obviously we’re looking at a very attractive volume opportunity from network access with United, and it does come with a lower price, it comes to more of a market price for in-network laboratory. So, it’s a good price, but it is lower than we were being paid previously. We just wanted to make sure people have that understanding in their models and then the other price, which we talked about of being 100 basis points or less will continue. A fair proportion of that is not from third party payers it is coming in very competitive hospital market, and also from physicians where we client bill or directly bill that physician and they bill the third-party as opposed to us billing the third-party. So, we wanted to make sure that people understood all the dynamics that are driving price. So, when you add all those pieces up, they said, PAMA is going to be approximately 100 basis points and we’ll have about 150 basis points from other sources in 2019. However, given the M&A pipeline that we have and the deals that we’ve already signed and have closed recently, and along with the access and continued improvement in some of the market headwinds that are hitting competitors, as well as I ended that section we’re very confident of our ability to grow revenue and to grow our earnings in 2019, and I’ll shed some more color on that at the Investor Day.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, Ross when you walk through those three, you know the bonus was a one-time bonus, so that’s not going to repeat in terms of the investments for network access expansions. Those become cost of sales. So, when you’re adding [indiscernible] people from the laboratory adding patient service across centers then all of that is investment ahead, but then it becomes our cost of sales. And then finally, on the other investments that Steve referenced, we will make those decisions along with everything else. We decide in terms of long-term, short-term results and also affordability to get into that year. And of course, I’ll turnover over to Steve the most important piece.
Mark Guinan: And just very quickly, two of the items that Steve referenced in his prepared remarks about appointment related calls dropping by more than 10% and specimen pickups being ordered online versus call, those are part of the efficiency and obviously we expect to continue to reduce the amount of phone calls we get and actually drive you the more efficiency going forward.
Mark Guinan: Sure. On the hep C as we mentioned, that is starting to mitigate because we’ve lapped year when, you know the [indiscernible] drug started to take significant share. So, at some point, most of that business goes away or it stabilizes or maybe even the drugs make a comeback, I know there is some pricing competition and an area that might change the competitive landscape. So, that should not continue to be significant into 2019. On PDM, I want to be clear as Steve mentioned, it continues to be a growth engine for us. Unfortunately, we’re doing more volume than we are - revenues. So, revenue is growing, the following is growing faster and that’s because of some of these denials. I can't put a stake on the ground at this point as how quickly we’re going to address that. I guess the important thing is that even though that headwind may or may not get addressed in the near-term future. As Steve also referenced, it’s stabilized. So, we're not growing in denials. So, we are reaching a point where the denials are still much higher than it should be and much higher than we find acceptable. It’s not going to be continuing to be a year-over-year headwind. And certainly, we make some progress there could actually be a tailwind moving forward. And then on vitamin D, I’d say it’s still early. As we mentioned, we still believe that a number of these denials are because of miscoding based on a long history of physician coding practices, and not necessarily denials to patient eligibility. And so, how many of these things will be rectified when the physician community understands. For instance, either of these patients is now eligible for vitamin D and I need to use the appropriate code versus now this was just a screening and now it’s other others including, as we mentioned, Cigna starting to apply Medicare type of approaches to their coding that this actually would be a denied task. But at some point, again, as you mentioned, you get that behind you and it all continues to be a headwind once the market adjusts and patients are appropriately getting prescribed with the right diagnosis code and then vitamin D continues to move with the market as it has been doing historically.
Mark Guinan: And then just to add to what Steve mentioned, those three had about 100 basis point negative impact versus our expectations and then the patient concessions were another 30 basis points.
Mark Guinan: Yes. No, I think the valuations really haven’t changed materially. Obviously, you’ve got to price in the PAMA headwinds. Although, we are hopeful that we can positively impact that at this point. More pricing things as if those PAMA cuts will happen, that’s the way we are valuing things. So, therefore, if anything, valuations have come down, and the seller, or potential seller recognizes that as well.
Mark Guinan: So, most of the fourth quarter ‘improvement’ is really coming from the M&A we did, so that’s giving us some lift. We don’t expect a step change improvement in utilization what we call same account volumes. And then in terms of weather, we have some impact, but it wasn’t material enough to call out, but certainly it was a slight headwind to us in the quarter.
Mark Guinan: Sorry, I was talking about the hurricanes this year. So, we talked about the fact that versus last year we had a favorable compare, I thought you were asking us weather the hurricanes that took place in Carolinas in the third quarter were significant factors? So, we did call out that we had a favorable compare and it was about 150 basis points in the quarter, but there was a slight negative impact this year from hurricanes in 2018.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, the 50-basis point isn’t tied directly to the United, but certainly directionally United is one of the major drivers there, and I’m sure you are familiar with the way pricing works. So, we had significantly higher reimbursement from United as an out of network provider than what typical in-network takes on and what we negotiated with United. So, yes that’s a big driver, but it’s not entirely United. And at this point, I’m not going to give any guidance for 2019. So, what I will reconfirm is that the Investor Day outlook that we provided of having a 3% to 5% topline CAGR, and a mid-to-high single digits EPS CAGR from 2017 through 2020, we still stand by that. Obviously, we have got one full-year and three quarters of a year behind us and when you look at our guidance, it so puts us within that range and so what we’re saying is that we work through the next two years. We are certainly still confident that we can deliver within that CAGR range without giving any specific guidance for a given year.
Mark Guinan: No, it isn’t. There are some small changes in some Medicaid rates that states have made, specifically Ohio. I mean, you can argue whether that was in any way related to PAMA. I think they actually had a budget issues, they wanted to fund some Women’s Health initiatives and they slammed the laboratory reimbursement rates. There certainly was some dialogue around where Medicare was going in some of the states, if not many of them look at Medicare as a signal for where the Medicaid rates should be, but in terms of commercial plans, no, there isn’t any incremental headwinds because the commercial plans are trying to take advantage of PAMA. In fact, as we have shared the dialogue we’ve been having with the commercial plans as they see that as an issue for them because the more pressure we get from other sources, the more we need to get from them, and therefore it’s in their own best interest not to see that because they know in the next collection period that the potential recalculation could be even more severe if we give lower commercial rights. And so, they are very sensitized to that and I can assure you that we are holding very firm in those discussions and make sure that they understand the world where you have a significant difference between commercial rates and government, and certainly Medicare rates is going to go away. The whole intent of PAMA is to move go rates to a market type rate, which says that we need to talk about other ways to create value beyond price and that’s what we’re doing. Increasingly, we’re walking in and talking about all the other ways we differentiate ourselves positively, but then I fully appreciate and then some of the things that Steve highlighted in his remarks, around the patient experience, the technology we’re putting in our patient service centers, the ability to build a relationship through the MyQuest app schedule appointments make things easier. Because at the end of the day, the payers want their patients to get appropriate necessary testing done, and so therefore that’s definitely a good thing. It’s also our data the way we feed data and the more critical mass we have the easier it is one them to do the analytics in a world where data is increasingly important for population management. So, there is a lot of ways that we talk about our value proposition. And then finally it is as Steve mentioned or where they recognized that they have a cost curve. They need to start working with the best value providers and certainly will want those and starting to move volume as a high cost less attractive value providers into the better laboratories and that’s the way they are really going to save money and drive better value for their members versus continuing to look to extract price out of those who already have the best prices in the market.
Mark Guinan: And Ricky, it's a little more complicated being with United and Quest because we had some in network volumes. So, as we shared historically, in our pathology business, we had a couple of states that have been in in-network. And then obviously if you're trying to look at a model for out of network labs' share within large national payers, the fact that it's such a strong business of United a decade ago, we never lost all of that because of the loyalty of some of the providers, and the fact that they could look even out of network, our prices were still better than hospitals and many others. So, it's a little bit different than if you want to look at other payers and say, hey, how much volume is there out of network. I think Quest had a disproportionate share of volume relative to what other labs might have out of network, but it's still not huge because you are an out of network provider, certainly when they have only insured patients, we don't get paid at all. So, it's really only their administered plans when they have out-of-network benefits where it makes sense for us to keep that volume and continue to try to compete.
Mark Guinan: So, let me answer the acquisition question. We've shared in the past 12 to 18 months. I'd say on the outreach purchases, they tend to happen a lot more quickly. They're more simple and straightforward. It's really just integrating them into our local laboratory, and then the cost of serving those patients is basically the cost of serving all the other patients we currently do in those markets. So, those might even happen a little quicker in the 6 to 12-month window. And some of these other, I'll call them technology acquisitions, and that could involve site shutdown, it could involve moving the test menu to multiple locations. Obviously, it's working through the sales force issues, reimbursement issues and so on and so forth. So, those tend to be on the longer end, and you'll notice that number of the deals that we did in the latter part of 2017 were more like that as opposed to outreach purchases. So, we take a little bit longer. And then on the volume question, Ricky, I know you'd like some great specificity. All I can share is that typically there is a tiny share for an out of network lab in terms of their share of volume within a national payer and we were not tiny, but we certainly were not large.
Mark Guinan: Yes. And just to add, we have shared in the past that in Safeway, because we've leveraged some of the overhead, there is some cost savings, the greatest cost is the phlebotomists and that doesn't change when we go into a retail setting, but there is some cost savings despite the fact that the rents generally is somewhat comparable, smaller space, higher rates for more attractive market, but the overall footprint costs us relatively the same. But this is a business with small details. So, little bit of cost savings combined with, as Steve mentioned, some volume upside certainly can make a difference, especially as we continue to expand. And then Walmart is a JV. So, it is different. It's not just putting a phlebotomist draw center within a retail outlet versus one of our independent patient service centers, and what we are starting with phlebotomy, we are definitely intending to add more healthcare services together with Walmart to build their presence within the healthcare. And it is a JV. So, therefore we've got a majority position to who are going to be sharing the economic value creation of that venture with Walmart.
Mark Guinan: Sure, Ann. So, first off, let me clarify. We don't have an incremental 250 basis points of price going into next year. What we talked about was a total of 250 versus something that's more in the lines of 150 this year. So, I want to make sure that I'm clear on that. And about 50 basis points of the increased pricing pressure is PAMA related and the other 50 basis points related to other things. In terms of share, obviously we don't get into that level of detail. We're very cognizant of the need to retain our Aetna business. We've got people who have been actively working for the last several months. We continue to work to make sure that we serve those customers appropriately and we retain as much of that Aetna business as possible and certainly have United, as we mentioned earlier. We're very excited about the opportunity. Steve mentioned, we expect that in some of these very loyalist accounts who would be sending us to United, if we were in network and would have been sending it to us, we'll flip very quickly. There are those accounts that have multiple providers and we believe together with our value proposition, all the things we've walked through, which does differentiate us from almost all the other providers in a meaningful way around the patient experience, with our app, with certainly the pricing transparency, which is a huge win-win for the physician and the patients to be able to go into one of our draw centers at no upfront, whether something is covered and how much of cost, it’s just there aren't many labs that can do that. And therefore the –argument around simplicity, why we want to do business with multiple labs, you got five or six labs you're sending work through today, we could do almost all that if not all of that, we've got more lives covered in a given geography. So, you don't have to worry about problems with the patients for the high cost out of network work. And we think that's pretty compelling, but that's not going to happen as quickly as the first piece. And then obviously the third piece is where we don't have business today. So, now we feel very strong with that same value proposition that we can go in and we can compete more strongly than we could have in the past and flip some of those accounts where we may not have any or very much work at all. So, that's going to take even longer. So, this is a multi-year growth opportunity. It's not all about 2019, and we have plans in place and we have strategies to go after each of those, and we're working hard to make sure that that all comes. So, certainly excited about that and very confident about that.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, obviously I can't talk about any specific plans around share repurchases, but given the fact that we have announced and are closing a number of transactions this quarter, we're going to be spending a fair amount of cash on those deals and we certainly are excited about the pipeline coming up. So, at this point, we haven't announced anything specific. We'll continue to follow our strategy, which says with half of our free cash flow that's not committed to our shareholders every year, we're going to make situational decisions depending on the M&A opportunities and the attractiveness of those returns versus share repurchases.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, there is certainly some early transitions. It's not significant enough to call out, but I didn't want you to think we're waiving on everything till January 1. So yes, we absolutely already have some accounts that have moved and some accounts that are committing to move, but at this point, it's still relatively small.
Mark Guinan: Sure. So, we're happy with MedXM. As I'm sure you're familiar, the reason you put in an earnout into a deal was when the buyer and the seller have markedly different views of the potential, it's one way to get two transactions coined that shares the risk appropriately. So, at this point, not quite 9 months into the acquisition, we feel from an accounting standpoint that it's highly unlikely to pay out the earnout. That doesn't mean that we haven't achieved what we were expecting to achieve. It just means that the seller had a very different view of where that might go. And so that's all you should read into there. We're very happy with MedXM thus far. It's been a great addition to our portfolio, and I can tell you that as we're talking to payers about our laboratory testing, this is another opportunity to talk to them about ways that we can really help them beyond just the laboratory testing we're doing with great reach and population health and so on. So, it's another point why they want to do business with Quest.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. And this is something on the patient concession thesis. I’m reminding everyone that close to two years ago where we teamed up with Optum and UnitedHealthcare around our revenue cycle management or building operations. So, we're working hand-in-hand with Optum on what we could do to affect bad debt, as well as denials. We have really enjoyed the working relationship. Matter of fact, this week I’ll be with that team. We’ll talk about what we’re seeing and how they can help us here as well. So, that relationship continues to be strong and that’s going to help us as there is more and more pressure on this side of our business.
Steve Rusckowski: Well, I will take that at the beginning of this which is related to investments. We continue to make those investments we think are prudent for the capacity we're going to need giving what we anticipate is volume increases in 2019. This is as we would expect at the real granular level thinking about where we are at present, where we are going to pick up lives with United and therefore where we will pick up some shares. So, that’s happening and it’s in our numbers. Second it is we continue to honor our commitment to our employees paying out a bonus that will come up in November, that is an investment to share with our employees, we feel good about making sure we have a good workforce that feels good about working at Quest and that continues. And then finally, the opportunity to continue to grow the business in the five growth strategies outlined continue to be a promising opportunity for us as we come out of this year and we enter 2019. So, none of that is changing and we’re making excellent progress on all those elements.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. You asked also about the offset of working with our providers, excuse me, our suppliers and yes, this is all in an ongoing approach we have had with our invigorate program. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we exceeded our goals for this year, part of that is what we do with our suppliers. Our suppliers are well aware of what’s happening with PAMA, matter of fact they are working with us on a legislative solution. This is through the AdvaMed organization, which is the device trade association. So, they are actively working this with us and are very much aware of the pressure there will be on this industry. And beyond what we do with our suppliers, we continue to look at efficiencies and we hope that many of you will come to our Investor Day, because we’ll be outlining more of the opportunities we see beyond 2018 into 2019, 2020 and 2021 with more efficiency gains, because as we shared over the past several years, even though we did hit that $1.3 billion goal, we see more opportunities in front of us to continue to run a higher quality more efficient operation going forward. So, we look forward to you joining us to secure more about that.
Steve Rusckowski: First of all, AJ thanks. I mentioned in the script, we continue to add stores. We're happy with the progress there. We are at 21 stores now and it continues to build and I tell you that that number will be much higher than that by the end of this year. And we focus on the big states of Florida and Texas and also, I said that we moved into the Illinois as well. So, there will be other states beyond those throughout the rest of this year. So that continues to build. So, what you heard from Walmart is aligned with our view. Second is, the experience has been quite good. It’s been good for our patients; those patients are also Walmart consumers. Walmart likes the volume in the stores or volume is like the experience as an employee serving their customers better. And in fact, when we look at the volumes that we see in those sites that have been open long enough, we think it actually does have an effect on our market share within that geography. So, all around good presence, but we're not stopping there, the opportunity we talked about continuing to work with this joint venture with Walmart is how we provided other healthcare services and some of those locations, in fact we were detailing that out with Walmart and you will hear more about that. We hope to provide more color around those services at our Investor Day in November. And then equally, what CVS, now with the planned merger with Aetna will do with their strategy is a continuation of what we’ve done with them in the MinuteClinic, and we're hopeful, as well as they continue to walk on those integration plans with Aetna given our great relationship with Aetna, great relationship with CVS, they do see an opportunity with the brick and mortar they have and with some of our capabilities of providing basic healthcare services. So, when we come to Investor Day, what we will do is, walk you through what we call our diagnostic services, which includes how we use our data and how we use the services and capabilities of Quest to help bend the cost curve. And some of that will be done with our Walmart joint venture and some of it will be done with other partners like CVS, but we do believe it’s a great opportunity for growth in the near-term, but also for the long-term because we're just getting started frankly. So, more to come on that and we hope that you show up for the Investor Day in November.
Steve Rusckowski: So, as just to reinforce what we said in the script is that, we have the three together, we looked at our expectations for this year and how it has affected us. It’s about 100 basis points and that’s our business and I’ll just to remind everyone, we’ve talked about this before. We are the market leader on prescription drug monitoring. So, very strong in that category, continues to grow, but we clearly have more exposure than a lot of people on that space. So, therefore, any effect of those three have a bigger impact on us. So, the 100 basis points is our estimated. And as Mark said, we continue to work this. We started working this in Q2. We’ve made some modest progress. As I said in my remarks, we will continue that throughout this year and then again as we start to lap it, we'll have less of impact year-on-year, but different than what we expected, but still growing in these three categories.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. The business opportunity we have is, those customers of ours that have the majority of their laboratory testing coming to us already, but might just have another laboratory because we are not in network with United. So, those are the accounts we’ve already knocked down their doors, we have shared with them the great news that we’re going to be in network starting January 1. We have worked on what we need to do of anything in terms of IT integration, we get those orders in-house and those will come to us early in 2019. Those types of customers. The second group of customers that I’ll broadly put in this category is that might have multiple laboratories, and our job is to make sure we gain share. And given the access that we have starting in 2019, which is really remarkably better, we believe there is also an equal opportunity for us to gain share beyond those great customers we have for all customers to pick up share. Particularly some of the large states we’ve talked about this, when you look at Florida, Texas, California, New York, our access is going to be north of 95%. So, great access in the marketplace, great value proposition or quality service, and also pricing, we believe we have an opportunity to pick up share in those accounts.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, just, I believe your question is around consumer genetics. Just to remind everyone, we do have a relationship with Ancestry and we provide a genotyping for their ethnicity offering. It’s a modest portion of our business and continue to get growth, but it is modest for us. We’re optimistic about the opportunities with the Ancestry because we still believe it is an opportunity for us to work together with that around building awareness overall, around the importance that everyone knowing our family health history, and that’s an opportunity for the future, but just with the context, in terms consumer generic testing it is a small portion of business with modest growth this quarter.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. Just to reiterate, we will grow topline and bottom line in 2019. We have said that. What we have also said is that, the M&A that we have already shared will get us to comfortably in that 1% to 2% growth in 2019 and when you couple that with the United opportunity that we’ve speaking about gives us confidence on our ability to say, yes, we will grow top and bottom line next year.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, so let me do this. I remind many of you on this call of what we talked about of the opportunity we see with the United, which if you go back and you recall, we’ve talked about the opportunities that many of the health plans see, it is by working with one of the nationals as ourselves we can do a better job of helping them reduce their laboratory cost. And what we talked about with the United define the opportunity in front of us is, we have talked about Untied estimates that they spend anywhere from $7 billion to $8 billion in laboratory spend a year, and most people have estimated that the nationals maybe providing about a billion of that. So, therefore, there is a big opportunity as they think about how they do a different job and a better job of serving their membership with Quest and at least one other national provider to reduce that spend. So, when you look at that 1 billion versus the 7 billion or 8 billion you see the opportunity in front of us. And the biggest opportunity in the short run is, as I said earlier is to go after those great Quest accounts, we will do that early, but this is why we believe that this affords us a nice growth opportunity, not just for 2019, but for 2020 and 2021 because it’s going to take some time to gain that share and move that work away from the more expensive labs, and this is true for United, but I will also argue, we will be doing this with other health plans as well. So, it’s an opportunity to continue to pick up share. So, we will again be coming back together in November, we'll help – provide more visibility to what we believe the opportunity would be within reason, but hopefully at least those remarks will help you kind of size the opportunity in front of us given where we sit today.
Steve Rusckowski: And just on the acquisition, remember, we had this feathering going on that we have a nice slug of acquisitions in 2018. We're again giving you some perspective on the outlook that we have for 2019. The acquisitions would definitely be in that 1% to 2%. Those 2018 acquisitions, another year under their belt, 2019 where we get some of the integration done that helps us, and you layer that on top of the new acquisitions we bring in 2019. But we're hopeful we have a more regular cadence around that 1% to 2% that you already see in our numbers. So, as they come in, they take some time to mature with the integration coupled with the ones that are just showing up, that's already in our numbers for past years as well.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So, what we said about the retail strategy, it's a better location in these sites. So, it serves our patients in the market better and therefore it's beneficial to the patients, it's beneficial to our employees, and our partners. In one case, it's Safeway; in the other case, it's Walmart are happy as well. Now, with all that, we've shared in the past, from a rent perspective, the cost of using that space, there is not a big difference between the two. However, we're getting much better space. Many of our patient service centers that we could collapse or patient service centers with one or two phlebotomists. This affords us an opportunity to take down those locations and put them into a better location, and that's better again for all stakeholders. And so, it's not a cost savings, but what it provides us is a better quality and better patient experience. And what I said in my remarks, what we do now have enough data points where we look six months of what we close versus what we open, we believe the volumes are better in those locations. So, it is positive financially for us and it's one of the ingredients of us gaining share. Now, we said, again, this is for our core business. We also believe this is an opportunity for us, particularly with the Walmart JV to tag on to those physical locations more healthcare services that we'll be working with Walmart, with local partners to be able to bend the cost curve for whatever partner we're working with. So that just affords us another opportunity beyond our core diagnostic service business. So, hopefully that's helpful.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So, what we said is what we've announced so far, puts us in that 1% to 2%, which, you know it is a good place to be at this point. We also said that given the environment and given the pressure that we see on hospital outreach operations, we think that's a catalyst to afford us a nice pipeline. We just announced another deal of buying an outreach business this week, an outreach activity called out of the Hurley Medical Center in Flint, Michigan, and there will be more to come. So, yes, we will share this point 1% to 2%. We're comfortably there for next year, but we do have a funnel that can add to that going into 2019.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah. Continue with what we've been focused on. One is, the opportunity to run hospital outreach. We think it's a – of course it's a nice opportunity to continue to consolidate the market and we do believe that we'll continue to build. And as I said, we just announced another deal this week. Number two, you saw that we just announced a number of acquisitions that afford us new capabilities. The Immunotec acquisition gives us blood tuberculosis testing capability with tick-borne capabilities. That was a nice add. ReproSource gives us nice women's health capability and then we also talk about PhenoPath up in the Pacific Northwest that has some capabilities around pathology and molecular. So, we'll always look for new capabilities. And then the third piece is, there's still regional laboratories that we believe we are going to have difficult times than – more difficult time than hospital outreach, and you'll see some regional opportunities. So, if you look back in the last five years and you look at the acquisitions, they fit in those three categories. There's been ebbs and flows of each of the three, but generally, that's what we continue to look and they're all strategically aligned to what we do and we have to have a path to value creation and hopefully you agree with us that we've built up credibility around that. So, we will continue to work on that and go into next year. We already hit that 1% to 2%, and we've got a nice funnel to continue to pursue ideas that we can make money of.
Steve Rusckowski: Okay. I think we've handled all the questions. We thank all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your support. You have a great day and hope to see many of you at our Investor Day in November.
