Steve Rusckowski: Thanks, Shawn, and thanks everyone for joining us today. Quest had a strong first quarter with our base businesses to continuing to recover the near pre-pandemic levels. Contributions from acquisitions and PLS relationships accelerated growth in the base business and helped offset the reduction in demand for COVID-19 testing, which was in line with industry trends. In March, for the first time since the pandemic began, monthly organic revenue in the base business grew versus our 2019 baseline. As we noted at our recent Investor Day, Quest is well positioned to grow as the US exits the pandemic and people return to normal activities and address the routine care issues that have been neglected over the past year.
Steve Rusckowski: So if you assume Kevin, our base business, it would include acquisitions in PLS and organic growth. But let's just focus on organic growth. The steady improvement that we've seen in Q1 continues in Q2. And then it's somewhat offset by what we are anticipating with COVID, and that gives us the expectation around ranges of guidance in the second quarter. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah. So we feel good about the discussions and the funnel of prospects we have for what we have characterized as our hospital strategy. There continues to be a lot of pressure on these pre-delivery systems. They are considering their last strategy is one of the options to help them. And we have a number of examples over the past six months on delivering on the strategies that we've talked about for years. And so the answer to your question, we do see a continuation of interest in the building funnel with more prospects to come. What we shared at Investor Day is we reaffirmed our outlook that we would grow through acquisition around 2% per year. What we shared is that, we historically have delivered on that at the three years prior to 2021. And we believe that's still a good guidance number for us for this year, and going forward, it's implied in our outlook for growth. So finally, as we do see the trends in general, just like all health care on consolidation. We do see systems interested in thinking about what's most important to them. And what's your strategy and Quest help them with their lab strategy. And likewise, we see, if you will, fewer and fewer in network providers with the health clients. And if you want to think about that, that is a consolidation play as well. And when those two forces happening, there will be more share in the hands of fewer, and our plan is to gain share. So all the megatrends and changes that are happening in the industry, we believe have actually improved to support what we've said for some time, and that our view is both for what's happening with hospitals and also what's happening with health plans.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah. So thanks, appreciate the question. Mark was encouraging, and we're watching April, carefully. And we do look at the number of test per requisition to see if we're getting more density, if you will, of testing for requisition, and we talked about new made explanation for increase in the calculation of revenue per req have to do with the COVID test, the straight calculation. But we have historically seen a, let's say, modest expansion of the newer test for variety of reasons, we offer more. Second, there is a higher level of acuity and chronic disease and aging of the population. So we have generally seen a general increase in that. But nothing that was really notable that's standing out within March.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah. So you go back to where we started off the year. What we said is we do expect COVID, PCR testing to decline throughout the year and we mentioned in our remarks, you could see that in Q1, and we see it happening in the country. So as Mark said earlier, we do expect that continuing trend in Q2 and that will continue into the second half. Now with a little bit offset, we do see this transition from what we described as more clinical uses of the PCR testing, roll in and roll out COVID for hospitals, roll in, roll out patients seeing their physicians and moving it to return to life activities, and there's a lot of activity around that, Jack. A lot of activity, I mentioned in the remarks, what's going on around schools. There's two funding mechanisms for that from the U.S. government. We've actively engaged with a number of, let's call it, systems integrators that will be coordinating the efforts beyond the laboratory testing. We're well-positioned there. Secondly, is corporations are now thinking about how they get people back physically into their places of work, maybe albeit not as full-time as they want for. But despite the vaccination progress, they're still going to be testing requirements with the return to work activities. And then let me just say the entertainment piece of this is big, too. We see the sports teams, want to put paints back in the stands. We see New York City, interested in getting people back. The tourism as they get into the fall and turning back on the city, we mentioned in our prior remarks and other calls and meetings that we participated in this pilot study with New York to provide a check, if you will provide access for an individual over the course of the day. So that type of activity will be a larger portion of what we do for COVID testing in the back half. Now with all that said, we're not providing guidance for the back half, but we do see continued PCR testing in the back half, but it's going to change in this nature. And also, we do believe COVID-19 testing and PCR testing will continue in 2022. This is not going away fast.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah. Yeah. So first of all, as you know, not all tests are created equal. And PCR still is the gold standard. And we do provide a solution with antigen testing, okay, as part of appropriate utilization of that testing, particularly for surveillance. But as we know, the antigen testing, sensitivity and specificity has been for let's say day two through day five of a potentially infected person. But the PCR test is really the gold standard to rollout, if someone has been exposed in the early days, there were rule out the pick are exposed in the late days. And so the sensitivity and specificity we have with our PCR testing is quite good. And so physician sell that, and therefore, that's why we're so confident that it will continue to be an important part of how we fight this pandemic. As far as the consumer, the consumers trying to figure out to get easy access to testing, and they will get that access in a variety of forms. And by the way, our turnaround time is now for PCR testing are much better on average than the two-ish days that we often thought about several months ago. We're now delivering results in less than the day for many – for many tests that come in. And the reason for that is, remember the remarks we're testing about 101,000 tests per day, and we have approximately 300,000 per day for capacity. So that allows us to have much better turnaround times, which we believe, as that becomes more and more visible and people want to get good access to the gold standard, they're going to rely on those places they can get access. So we continue our relationships with retailers. We're expanding our relationship with CVS has gone quite well. CVS is active on promoting good access to PCR testing around the drive ends and Walmart as well. And then also with our direct to the Quest capability that we talked about at our Investor Day, we have put on that platform, both PCR testing as well as serology testing. And we are seeing high levels of interest from a consumer perspective of what they could do simply by getting collection kit in the mail and a FedEx envelope to ship that back and good turnaround tied to start up of MyQuest. So that will continue to build, as the consumers -- as we start to return to life in a safe way. I want to be assured that even if they are vaccinated or they have natural immunity, we are not locking into a situation that they might have been exposed in some ways that they fell through the cracks with all the caveats we have with the effectiveness of the vaccines, the questions about natural immunity, and then also, with the new variance as well. So because of that, we keep on working on better and more efficient and easier ways for Americans to get access to PCR testing. And we've got now, I think, a lot of good chance to do that, and that will continue to be an opportunity for us in the back half.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah. Serology, we imply that it will continue at the same level. We are pushing on the value of serology going forward. We believe that the semi-quant capability that we offer has nice insight into what response is happening in patients in general with the virus and therefore, that has value. We also believe that between historic PCR and serology, knowing that you've had the viruses important for Americans to know so. We keep on pushing down the value, and we will continue to look at new tests beyond that. We will be immune response long-term includes T cells. We don't have that, but we continue to look at that has been the prospect. So you should assume for now it's stable with what we've seen so far, but we continue to believe that's more and more valuable in the quarter. We continue to work on developing the test to support that.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So the first part, yes, we did see an increase in the availability and use of the antigen testing and point-of-care testing throughout the last 12 months that clearly has picked up in the back half of 2020. We see that continue in 2021. So if you look at the industry trackers of how much testing we are doing in this country, clearly, it has dropped off, and therefore, volumes have dropped off as well. We believe in those tracking mechanisms, it's predominantly PCR. However, we think there could be some point-of-care antigen testing in there, but we believe it does not include all the testing that’s happening. So if you look at it, look, happy for PCR testing throughout the United States and if you look at the excellence that are coming from least point-of-care and antigen providers, you see that the actual level of testing is almost at the same level that we were in the summer, but in different forms. So the answer to your question is, yes, there is a transition from PCR is exclusively what we have to more of the capabilities around point-of-care and antigen testing. However, going back to what I said, all tests are not created equal. And so we're also working with clients to make sure they realize where antigen testing can be helpful for a period of time. And also what you need to reflex into PCR and where you can use point-of-care and costs are not all created equal. So it has come down because of what we described, but there continues to be a strong role for PCR through the remainder of 2021 and also into 2022.
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah. Yeah. So what we have been working on as a journey to pick up share, if you will, it can be mated what we shared in March at our Investor Day is we really kicked off the network program in 2019. We saw a good progress there. We're actually very encouraged by what we saw in 2020, it's very early days, and then we have the pandemic. But it didn't stop our activity. So what we shared is we actually picked up some share over that period of time, but we have more share to gain. And there's a list of activities we're working with United to support picking up share and getting it to at least that 25% level, one of which is what we're providing is limiting the other network policy and benefit design for their fully insured book. And where that has happened because we have other examples of the topic, it does move share to us. We don't provide specifics on states and specifics on how much did this contribute to share. But it did have a nice impact for us to allow us to pick up share. And so we continue that market. But I'll also share that we didn't share everything we're doing. There are many other programs, and some of this is working with their plan sponsors. Their employers, some of this is working with their regions, specific opportunities with providers. When we do an outreach purchase and relationship within the geography, whose work on expensive venue to a less expensive venue, which is Quest, and all of those are active relationships that we have to continue to build share with United and other payers is equally will continue to work programs with the Anthem and others.
Mark Guinan: Thanks, Steve. In the first quarter, consolidated revenues were $2.72 billion, up 49% versus the prior year. Revenues for diagnostic information services grew approximately 52%, compared to the prior year, which reflected ongoing demand for COVID-19 testing services into a lesser extent continued recovery in our base testing revenue, which increased versus the prior year. Volume, measured by the number of requisitions increased 25.6% versus the prior year, with acquisitions contributing 4%. The impact of severe winter weather during the quarter negatively impacted volumes by approximately 2.5%. Compared to our first quarter 2019 baseline, total base testing volumes increased 1.5% and benefited from M&A and new POS partnerships that began in 2020. Excluding the net impact of weather in the first quarter as well as M&A and new PLS wins over the last year; base testing volumes declined approximately 7% in the first quarter versus the 2019 baseline and down 5% in March. This represents more of a same-store view of the recovery in our base business since the pandemic began. While COVID-19 testing volumes declined faster than expected throughout Q1, the decline coincided with reduced demand across the industry. Importantly, these volumes have stabilized over the last several weeks. We resulted approximately 9.1 million molecular tests and nearly 900,000 serology tests, contributing nearly 21% to volume growth in Q1 versus the prior year. We exited the first quarter averaging approximately 73,000 COVID-19 molecular tests and 8,000 serology tests per day.
Mark Guinan: Sure. So Kevin, when we talk about the base business, and sorry for any confusion, it being up in March. That included our new PLS wins, which were significant and also M&A. So it's the total base business that was not an organic number. What we tried to do was delineate where the -- what we call same-store, so kind of the apples and apples versus 2019 to give you a sense of where we think utilization is. So separate from new significant PLS wins and M&A where that base business performance is. So when we talk about expecting to be slightly down in Q2, that's that organic non-PLS utilization, same store number, not our total base business performance.
Mark Guinan: Yeah. So we talked about 100,000 a day in Q1. We talked about an expectation about 50,000, we also shared that we exited Q1 over 70,000, so that would imply a significant ramp down throughout the second quarter. And that's based on our expectation that vaccines will continue to roll out, we'll get more and more people who'll be protected and less and less clinical demand. And of course, we'll see how that plays out, but that is certainly within the guidance that we're providing today, how we see the next several months.
Mark Guinan: Yeah. And just to close it out, Kevin, I would point to the numbers that we quoted for Q1 of minus 7%. That's the same-store performance number. And we -- obviously, March was stronger than that. February was impacted by weather, as we said. But that -- we expect that minus 7% to improve, as Steve said, throughout Q2, but not yet to get positive.
Mark Guinan: Yeah. And Steve, I'd like to add. I want to make sure that Matt and others understand how the surveillance works. And in this case, when you pool you get the economics to where it's affordable to do more broadly and more regularly, because we're going to be putting up to 10 individual samples in a single well. And so hence, the cost will be 10% or less per individual. And what you sacrifice is, it's not a diagnostic, because we're not going to have the individuals identified in that well. The school or the entity that provides us the sample will have tool that they will know in test through that who the 10 people are. And if we come back to them with a positive result, they will apply a real diagnostic to those 10 individuals. So with that, we also don't have the obligation or the ability to retest. Whereas today, when we do pooling for clinical purposes, if we get a positive, we have to go back and retest the individual samples, so it actually is an inefficiency in our process. In order to get this to work, we don't do retesting of a sample. We don't have the capability of doing that. We notify the submitting entity that we had a positive in one of the pooled collection specimen tubes, and then they go forward and test those individuals.
Mark Guinan: Well, the ASR is in our updated guidance. So there's not upside per se relative to before we announced the ASR, as I tried to walk through the math, about a little less than $400 million of the repurchases are truly incremental in terms of an EPS lift, because we had already committed to the full $900 million, and we had about $500 million remaining in Q2 that was already in the guidance. So that $1.5 billion goes down to $1 billion incremental. A little over $600 million of that is the proceeds from our divestiture of our stake in Q2, that's slightly accretive. But not materially relative to the -- for mature of the equity earnings there. So it's really less than $400 million of share repurchases that were incremental to what we guided to previously. And that is built into the updated guidance. In terms of implied operating margin, obviously, we have a range. So we can't answer that with precision. But if you take the midpoint, you can all do the math. As we get a lower mix of COVID testing at our assumption of the $100 reimbursement, obviously, realization in AWR that's less than that, $100 price point. And that mix is toward the base business that will erode the margin slightly. But the offset to that is the base business recovers, we're very leveraged. So the variable drop-through on that base business recovery, certainly much higher than our enterprise and historical fully loaded operating margin, but it's not quite as high as the COVID PCR.
Mark Guinan: Yeah. So the -- what I would say is, I'm not in a position to update that what we provided at Investor Day, because we could get in a rhythm of constantly getting asked to update that. So next time we'll comment will be when we provide guidance for 2022. But of course, as we have that broader range, there's a lot of different considerations, what the remaining level of COVID testing, what's the reimbursement level. Where is the base business at? When we gave the $7.48, as we said, we're expecting the base business to be fully recovered this year to be back to 2019 baseline and starting to grow. But depending on the pace of some of these initiatives that are being rolled out by several payers, not just United by Anthem and some of the other major players depending on the economy, depending on, obviously, potential expansion of covered lives. There's a lot of variables that we'll know a lot more about by the end of the year before we give guidance for 2022. So stronger recovery of the base business, good fact, I wouldn't say at this point that, the faster decline in COVID testing yet necessarily implies anything for 2022 around our comments. Because we assumed it would still be around, and you heard from others as well. Nobody thinks is going away. And we were not expecting it to be anywhere near the significance that it was in 2020 and in 2021. So – and then you've got the ASR we just announced. So there's a lot of different moving pieces. So we'll give you an update on 2022, when we provide our guidance for 2022. We just wanted to ground people at Investor Day, because the pandemic really confounded everyone's ability to understand our long-term earnings power, and that's why we thought it was important to make a specific comment on 2022.
