Shawn Bevec: Thank you and good morning. I’m joined by Jim Davis, our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Sam Samad, our Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements and will discuss non-GAAP measures. We provide a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures in the tables to our earnings press release. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, that may affect Quest Diagnostics’ future results include but are not limited to those described in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K.  For this call, references to reported EPS refer to reported diluted EPS, and references to adjusted EPS refer to adjusted diluted EPS. Any references to base business, testing, revenues or volumes refer to the performance of our business excluding COVID-19 testing. Growth rates associated with our long term outlook projections, including total revenue growth, revenue growth from acquisitions, organic revenue growth, and adjusted earnings growth are compound annual growth rates. Finally, revenue growth rates from acquisitions will be measured against our base business. Now here is Jim Davis.
Shawn Bevec: Brian, this is Shawn. Just one last thing I wanted to add. Most of the price impact that we saw in 2022 was largely driven by some of the client bill, largely with the hospitals. The health plan book was actually pretty good, pretty stable, so.
Shawn Bevec: Derik, we had one month of Pac Health, because that’s what closed last year at the end of January, and then the Suma Health and the Northern Light outreach acquisitions, those were pretty small.
Sam Samad: Thanks Jim. In the fourth quarter, consolidated revenues were $2.33 billion, down 15% versus the prior year. Base business revenues grew 6.3% to $2.15 billion while COVID-19 testing revenues declined 75% to $184 million. Revenues for diagnostic information services declined 15.3% compared to the prior year, reflecting lower revenue from COVID-19 testing services versus the fourth quarter of 2021, partially offset by strong growth in our base testing revenue. Total volume measured by the number of requisitions declined 11.2% versus the fourth quarter of 2021 with acquisitions contributing 20 basis points to total volume.  For the quarter, total base testing volumes declined 0.6% versus the prior year. The year-over-year decline was primarily related to lower employer drug testing volume and adverse weather events during the quarter, which together represented a volume headwind of more than 1.5%.  COVID-19 testing volumes contributed to the decline during the fourth quarter. We resulted approximately 1.9 molecular tests in the quarter. This was down 1.2 million tests versus the third quarter and down approximately 5.4 million tests versus Q4 of 2021. After rising modestly throughout the fourth quarter, our COVID-19 molecular volumes declined to an average of roughly 17,000 tests per day in January and currently make up less than 3% of our daily volumes. In the fourth quarter, revenue per requisition declined 5.1% versus the prior year, driven primarily by lower COVID-19 molecular volume. Base business revenue per req was up 6.8%. This strong increase in revenue per req was driven by a number of factors, including test and payor mix, the more favorable pricing environment with health plans, including incentives under our value-based contracts, and lower patient concessions. Unit price reimbursement pressure remained consistent with our expectations at approximately 50 basis points in the quarter. Reported operating income in the fourth quarter was $135 million or 5.8% of revenues compared to $536 million or 19.5% of revenues last year. On an adjusted basis, operating income was $330 million or 14.2% of revenues compared to $579 million or 21.1% of revenues last year. The year-over-year decline in adjusted operating income is related primarily to lower COVID-19 testing revenues and to a lesser extent the negative impact of adverse weather on our volume, as well as higher investments to accelerate growth in our base business. Additionally, in the fourth quarter we experienced a significant increase in employee healthcare costs.  Reported EPS was $0.87 in the fourth quarter compared to $3.12 a year ago. Adjusted EPS was $1.98 compared to $3.33 last year. Cash from operations was $1.72 billion for full year 2022 versus $2.23 billion in the prior year period.  Turning to our full year 2023 guidance, revenues are expected to be between $8.83 billion and $9.03 billion. Base business revenues are expected to be between $8.65 billion and $8.75 billion. COVID-19 testing revenues are expected to be between $175 million and $275 million. Reported EPS is expected to be in a range of $7.61 to $8.21, and adjusted EPS to be in a range of $8.40 to $9. Cash from operations is expected to be at least $1.3 billion, and capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $400 million.  For our 2023 guidance, please consider the following. As Jim highlighted, we are now assuming COVID-19 molecular volumes to average roughly 5,000 to 10,000 tests per day for the full year. We expect volumes to continue to decline through the spring and summer but could see a modest uptick during respiratory season in Q4. We assume average reimbursement for COVID-19 molecular testing to continue near recent levels through the end of the PHE.  CMS has indicated that reimbursements will be $51 when the PHE expires in May. We continue to negotiate with health plans regarding coverage policies and reimbursements for COVID-19 testing post-PHE. Note that our COVID-19 testing revenue guidance for 2023 is approximately $150 million lower than the expectations we had back in October. With COVID-19 testing becoming a significantly smaller portion of our overall business, we expect an earnings cadence that is more in line with pre-pandemic seasonality this year, with Q1 typically being the lowest quarter of the year at roughly 22% to 23% of full year earnings.  We have also taken actions to reduce our SG&A by approximately $100 million in 2023, including workforce reductions of approximately 1.5% primarily in corporate support functions. The benefit of these actions will be modest in Q1 and will expand in the second quarter.  With that, I will now turn it back to Jim.
Sam Samad: Yes, so maybe I’ll add a couple of comments, Ann, and thank you for the question - this is Sam.  Versus what we shared back when we talked about in Q3 of 2022 around the fact that we were somewhere in that 850 range, obviously some positives that you mentioned, which is I think what you are referring to as the $115 million to $125 million, which includes the PAMA delay, which includes also the reimbursement of the specimen collection fees, which we now benefit from. But there are a couple of things also that have changed to the negative, really the key one being--or just one thing, really, that’s changed to the negative, I should say, which is COVID.  The COVID assumptions that we had back then were, as Jim just said, 10,000 to 15,000 a day. Now we’re seeing volumes, as we mentioned on the prepared remarks, 17,000 a day in January, and January is typically around the peak of the respiratory season and then it starts to come down from there, so our expectations of 10,000 to 15,000 a day for the year are, I would say, realistic. But in terms of the range itself and what differentiates the bottom versus the top, I think it’s going to be really around the COVID assumptions. But again, keep in mind we’ve taken COVID down by $150 million in terms of total revenues versus what we really shared back in October, when we expected 10,000 to 15,000. We’ve also--from the benefit itself, you know, the $115 million to $125 million that you referenced, we’ve also carved out a small amount for investments in the business, strategic investments that, as we said a couple of months ago, we said we will reserve some of that benefit to invest in the business for long term growth.
Sam Samad: Sure Patrick, yes, and thank you for the question. Let me talk a little bit about Q4 and the margin rate in Q4, the 14.2%. Here are some of the headwinds, some of which we were seeing throughout the year, but obviously we also had a drop in COVID revenues in Q4 which was significant versus Q3, at least sequentially, which impacted the margin as well.  In terms of the margin rate itself, we had inflation, I would say per expectations but still elevated. We had growth investments of roughly about $40 million that impacted Q4, which were fairly in line with Q3, what we had in terms of investments, so not necessarily a sequential driver. One driver in Q4 that impacted our margin rate was higher employee healthcare cost. That was higher than our expectations and some of it driven by higher utilization, especially towards the end of the year after employees have met their deductibles, but also higher cost of healthcare in general. That was about 80 basis points of impact on the quarter in terms of negative rate impact, so that was another thing. I talked about--obviously if you’re looking at things sequentially, you have to factor in that COVID revenues were $184 million roughly versus approximately $313 million in Q3, so a big drop in COVID revenues. Now if you look prospectively in 2023, here are some of the things that obviously give us confidence that we can achieve the rate that we have in our projections and that’s factored into the guidance that we gave. We have taken $100 million in SG&A reductions, and I would say 90% of those have already been implemented. Now, you won’t see the benefit starting in Q1, you’ll probably see it in the latter part of Q1 and really taking effect in Q2 more fully, but that’s $100 million in SG&A reductions that we expect to see over the course of this year. In terms of investments, you referenced that, we expect investments to be less dilutive in 2023 versus 2022, because we start to see the benefit from some of these investments towards the growth of our business. Then finally, obviously the margin rate is going to benefit from the specimen collection fee reimbursement that we have, and we have a volume growth assumption as well and a revenue growth assumption that at the midpoint of the guidance range is, on base business, approximately 3%, and so that’s going to drive also additional margin improvement based on the drop-down from those revenues.
Sam Samad: At the risk of being redundant here, I’m still going to repeat something from what Jim said at the beginning, because it’s really important for all your assumptions. The productivity improvements and the Invigorate actions, which is the 3% that we expect to get, that’s in addition on top of the $100 million of SG&A reductions that we’ve already taken for the most part.
Sam Samad: Yes, maybe just to put a couple of points of emphasis around it, in the prepared remarks we talked about a price impact in Q4 of roughly 50 basis points year-over-year of price headwind. As we look towards 2023, what’s reflected in our guidance right now is actually a positive price impact year-over-year, and obviously that’s benefited from the reimbursement of the specimen collection fee. It’s definitely a positive. We’ve managed to really make some good progress in terms of our pricing. 
Sam Samad: No, Kevin. The billion dollar share authorization increase, that’s in addition to the $311 million that we currently have on the previous authorization, but you should not expect that that is what’s assumed in the guidance. What we’ve assumed, actually, is that any share buybacks we do are to offset equity dilution, so essentially the share count is roughly flat with where we are at the end of the year, so don’t assume the $1 billion to be built into the projections.
Sam Samad: Oh, net interest expense - okay. That’s roughly flat, I’d say year-over-year in terms of ‘222 to ’23, Derik, is the assumption to take there.  In terms of M&A, what we have assumed in our guide for 2023 is really no material prospective M&A, so essentially what’s closed already, what was included in ’23 in terms of deals that have been made - any outreach, for instance, hospital deals that have already closed in ’22, those you’ll see a benefit from in ’23, but there is no prospective M&A included. When you think about our long term target that we had talked about, around 2% contribution from M&A, we have not assumed any prospective M&A in ’23 on top of our base revenue growth.
Sam Samad: It’s not significant. We’re not going to give the exact contribution, but it’s really not that material in terms of what we have this year that carries into next year.
Sam Samad: Yes, thank you, Rachel, for the question - this is Sam. In terms of the geography, I think it’s consistent with what we said before, and let me repeat what we said because we haven’t seen really a major change in the dynamic yet. We are back to pre-pandemic levels and above across most geographies, the notable exception being the east, where New York City, I think we’ve seen roughly 3% to 5% outflow from the city in terms of population, 3% to 5% of the population leaving the city. We haven’t seen that fully come back yet, even though the city is much more vibrant and there’s more activity. But I don’t think in terms of people coming back and getting health care in New York City, I don’t think it’s back to where it was pre-pandemic by any means. The other thing we look at is ridership on public transportation as an indicator, as a key metric to see how is that also coming back, and it’s still about 35% or so below pre-pandemic levels in terms of ridership, based on the last data points that we got. The punch line here being that the east is still lagging, but everywhere else is above pre-pandemic levels in terms of utilization. 
Jim Davis: Yes, let me just speak first about the revenue guidance. As we indicated in the remarks, our COVID guidance, which had originally been 10,000 to 15,000 requisitions per day in ’23, we’ve revised that downward to 5,000 to 10,000 per day, and it’s really just based on the trends we’re seeing. It peaked in December. We averaged roughly 17,000 a day here in January, but that’s had a downward slope, so we continue to expect COVID volumes to decline and it’s really had about $150 million change in revenue versus what we thought last fall. Again, the guidance we’ve suggested - you know, a midpoint of about $225 million in COVID revenue for the year. On the base business, without acquisition help, we’ve assumed a 2.5% to 3% revenue growth on the total base business, so really that’s the explanation on the revenue side.
Jim Davis: Yes, so Jack, let me start. On CIT, our consumer initiated testing business, the total $96 million, more of it was COVID than our base business; however, our base business, once we launched the new platform, once we launched the marketing spend actually performed as expected in November and December. We got significant growth year-over-year, over 50% growth in the month of December based on the initiatives we put in place.  As we’ve said, this year we expect that business to be less dilutive versus 2022. In terms of the total revenue projection for CIT, you know, we’ll give you something at investor day. Obviously COVID will significantly ramp down, but we expect our base to significantly ramp up, and we’ll give you a better view of that at investor day.
Jim Davis: Here’s what I’d say. As we indicated, the volume is coming down, right - we said 10 to 15 last fall, we now expect 5 to 10 for the year. The one thing I’ll say on serology, we had a significant contract with the CDC, it was simply a test add-on seroprevalence study. That contract, as expected, ended in December. The CDC just doesn’t need that information anymore. What does remain, in addition to the PCR volume, is we’ve got a roughly $25 million contract with the CDC to do continuous sequencing work of the positive cases to help inform the CDC and others about the spread or development of new variants that continue to pop up.
Jim Davis: Yes AJ, thanks for the question. I would tell you no, there’s no real change in the competitive dynamic in terms of pursuit of these hospital outreach deals or professional lab services types of engagements. What I would tell you is the funnel is as big as it’s ever been. We expect to close several deals here in the first half of the year, so still feel very good about that.  In terms of small regional labs that are out there, first I’d say there’s not that many left out there that are of significant size. Certainly those that participated in COVID testing, and now that that volume is declining, yes, we are seeing a few raise their hands and put up the retirement flag and potentially sell out, so we look at each and every one of them. If we think it adds to our competitive position in a certain geographic marketplace, we’ll look at it. If we don’t think we need it from a competitive standpoint, then we take a bye on those.
Jim Davis: Yes, so first, the $100 million cost takeout is incremental to our Invigorate plan for 2023. With our Invigorate plan, we target roughly 3% of our entire cost base for the company, so call that $6.4 billion-ish, 3%, call it $180 million, $190 million a year. We actually got very close to that target in 2022. As we’ve said in the prepared remarks, it did not completely offset wage inflation and the slight price headwind that we did see, along with just other non-labor inflationary pressures. Now as we go into 2023, we’ve got a full funnel of productivity ideas, productivity initiatives that we’re driving through the company. I would say the other thing that we think will really help us in 2023 is simply the stabilization of our workforce. Attrition has a really major impact on your productivity when you’re constantly churning phlebotomists, logistics and specimen processing, so that has stabilized, it’s coming down. We feel good about it and we feel good about the overall productivity plan in terms of offsetting inflation, which we expect to be slightly softer, easier in 2023, and we expect price all-in across Quest Diagnostics to actually be a positive for 2023.
Jim Davis: Yes, so our phlebotomy rates vary by region of the country. What I would tell you is our increase in wages for phlebotomy were certainly in line with the 3% to 4% wage impact that we saw last year. It’s what we’re planning for 2023, and as I indicated, our retention has improved. Our attrition has certainly stabilized and declined, so we feel good about that.
Jim Davis: Yes, I’m sorry, the supply inflation. Again, 70% of what we purchase each year is under contract. When those contracts come up, they generally represent an opportunity for deflation, meaning we’re going to run a competition between the vendors and we look for improvements from a cost, quality and turnaround time perspective. Where the inflation hit us in 2022 is really on some of the non-supplies, the reagents and things like that. Some of that could have been pre-analytical supplies, masks, gowns, things like that, as well as just the normal inflation that you all see in your businesses, which could be hotels, air travel and things like that. Now again, we think that’s softening here as we get into 2023, and we certainly put guardrails on travel and living expenses and things like that.
Jim Davis: Yes, I think we said in the prepared remarks that our pricing was down about 50 basis points, which actually represents the best that I’ve seen in my time with Quest Diagnostics, so we feel good about that. We’ve also said that as we renegotiate new contracts, and every one of these contracts is four to five years in length so you can expect that 20% to 25% will renew this year, which they will, and the preponderance of those contracts we’ve seen rate increases at a minimum rate--you know, holding rate flat to prior contracts, so we view that as a very positive. What we’ve also said is, look - we’ve got a $35 million to $40 million rate increase through Medicare draw fee increases, and today we get reimbursed on roughly 25% of the commercial draws that we do. We’re going to push hard not only to expand that 25% but those that do reimburse us to take those rates up as well, so we are pushing hard at every turn to increase prices across this business. The last thing I’d say is, look, there’s a portfolio of $700 million to $800 million of other businesses in Quest Diagnostics - that can be our Exam One business, our employer solutions business, our employee population health business, and we’ve pushed for 2% to 3% price increases on that portfolio of business and we’ve largely gotten those in place for 2023. Again, this is the most optimistic price outlook that we’ve put forward since I joined Quest in 2013.
Jim Davis: The other thing I want to mention is we’ve talked about these value-based contracts, and over 30% of our health plan contracts have some type of incentive for us to earn additional value, which we actually don’t put into the price equation, but it’s really good payor mix. These incentives could be based on share of spend with Quest Diagnostics, it could be based on leakage, it could be based on the movement of requisitions from high priced hospital labs into laboratories like Quest Diagnostics, so those value-based incentives are an important part of our business, and as we succeed in achieving that value for the health plans, there’s rewards that come back to us.
Jim Davis: Yes, again the $100 million, it is incremental to our Invigorate plan of record, and yes, it drops right to the bottom line. In terms of pricing, no, the improvement drops to the bottom line as well. We’re not suggesting any other offset at this point. Obviously we had strong [indiscernible] both in Q4 and for the year. That benefit, we would put in three buckets: test mix, which was very positive for the year; we saw a big surge of flu and RSV testing along with COVID, but flu and RSV that came in Q4, that has since moderated; and then our business mix was good in terms of payor mix. Then finally, year-over-year we made nice improvements in patient concessions, so our ability to collect, our ability to reduce denials and get paid for the work we do was certainly a positive tailwind for us in 2022.
Jim Davis: Yes, so again, CMS--and we’ve had direct discussions with them, it’s very clear that once the public health emergency ends, the rate will go to $51. We are certainly expecting and driving those discussions with commercial payors that we expect that rate to be $51 as well. It’s a new test that should be treated as such. Some may have a slightly different opinion on that, Andrew, so that’s where we negotiate. In addition to that, there’s coverage policy decisions that all need to be worked out as well, asymptomatic versus symptomatic testing, so we’re bullish that the country needs these tests, commercial payors need these tests, and we’re going to drive these discussions in the most favorable way that we can. In terms of respiratory panels, obviously with COVID still out there, it’s not going to go away in 2023. When patients presented in the fall, winter and here in January with respiratory symptoms, some physicians ordered three tests, some physicians ordered one and then re-flexed to others, depending on if the first one turned out to be negative, so there were a variety of patterns that were out there. But you know, we don’t expect COVID to go away in 2023, so whether RSV and flu tick up like they did in 2022 remains to be seen, and so we’ll just have to see how it plays out in the late fall, early winter.
Jim Davis: Yes, so we’ve talked about our investments in really three categories. First, consumer initiated testing, which we covered, that business will continue to grow on the base side of our testing in 2023, and as we’ve indicated, it will certainly be less dilutive than it was in 2022.  The second big area of investments has been in oncology and what we call genomic sequencing services, and really building out what we call our integrated genomics platform. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we brought up a new LDT in Q4 using the Illumina platform - it’s referred to as the TSO 500, but it is a Quest LDT, and it’s really important in therapy selection decisions for cancer. We’re really happy about that. We brought it up at our SJC facility and we’ll be expanding that to a second facility here in early 2023, so we certainly expect that business to grow.  On this integrated genomics platform, look - the world has moved from micro array testing to whole exome to whole transcriptome, and now moving quickly to whole genome testing, and we expect with this platform to have a really good sample to complete information platform, low cost, high throughput, really good turnaround time, and we’ll update you more about that at our upcoming investor day. The final thing is--you know, we referred to it as pharma services, which grew over 15% last year, and this is us participating in companion diagnostics. We participate in phase 1 clinical trials, either from a pharma company or from a CRO, and then we do a lot of testing and validation work for our IVD partners in the industry, and that business continues to grow as well.  The last thing I’d say is, look, we felt really good about our growth in prenatal testing this year and other rare genetic disorders, so it’s a business that continues to grow in the high single, low double digits for Quest Diagnostics.
Jim Davis: Yes, and then Rachel, thanks for the question on investor day. I think there’s really four broad topics that we’re going to talk about. First around growth, we’ll go deep on what we’re doing from an oncology and genomic sequencing standpoint. We’ll give you a lot more color on our consumer initiated testing business, the progress we’re making and why we continue to be excited about that, and then we’ll also address the core part of this business, which is serving physicians, serving health systems, and what we’re doing to continue to drive growth in those segments. Finally and as always, we’ll address what we’re doing to improve the customer experience and drive productivity in this business. It’s a never-ending part of what we do and we continue to drive productivity, and we’ll give you our plans for ’23 and beyond. Finally, just as a reminder, it is March 16, it will be at the New York Stock Exchange, and we’ll obviously provide our long term outlook as part of that session.
Jim Davis: Okay, so I wanted to thank everybody for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing you all on March 16 at the New York Stock Exchange, and have a great afternoon. Thanks everyone.
