Surya N. Mohapatra: No, there is no consideration of alternative strategy. As you know, we have worked extremely hard over the last 4 years, so we have really created a company now, which is more esoteric and gene-based testing. So our growth strategy remains the same. We leverage our science and innovation, information technology, and we have a very strong foundation of patient-centric culture for laboratory testing. And on the top of that, we are now building the 4 pillars of disease-focused growth strategy for cancer, cardiovascular disease, infectious disease and neurological disorders. So I'm very happy, and actually, we are very careful executives and this is the right time to just execute what we have.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Sure. First of all, I just want to clarify, when we say organic growth, we really mean organic growth. There is absolutely no fold-ins, there is no acquisitions, nothing. So 85% of our business comes from patients visiting the doctors' office. Now year-to-date, if all – office visits are down by 6%. For the year-to-date, our growth is almost flat. So in a way, we are seeing a progress. But also I wanted to tell you that we have, over the last 2 or 3 years, reorganized our sales force to be much closer to our customers. We have a cancer sales force. We have hospital sales force. We've got physician sales force. And that really allows us to know what is happening in the marketplace. But also, I'm pleased to say that we have started seeing progress even in the physician business with the new people and the productivity is growing. It's not where I would like to be, but it is giving in a lot of encouraging signals, and I'm really glad at how they are becoming productive by every month.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, first of all, succession planning is a very important topic for our Board, and then we talk about that almost -- in every Board meeting, as far as who are the internal candidates, how are they developing and what we need to do for the -- as going forward. But as far as this process is concerned, as you know, the Board has a search committee, and we have a -- I think we are actually adopting a better practice. Usually, the companies are either -- a successor inside and they announce, or they do a search incognito, and look for somebody from the outside and announce. But I think what we have done and our Board is doing is, having a very deliberate short process, which will include internal and external candidates, and drive towards finding the best person who will drive this company to the greater heights in the next -- to 10 years. So I will not really comment on specific specifications, but we'll let you know when the Board concludes their process. But it is a very attractive company, and this opportunity is really a great opportunity for our internal candidates and external candidates.
Surya N. Mohapatra: As Bob said, we'll always go up to these small fold-ins, and -- but we are saying that there's no major strategic acquisition for -- like we have done in the past.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Okay, Tom. First of all, I'm not going anywhere. The reason why the Board and I agreed to do this way because we want to find the best person for this company who is going to drive this company to the greater heights. I have been very fortunate. I came to the company when it was $1.5 million revenue, now it's $7.5 billion. But more importantly, it does become a very strong healthcare company with real focus in disease tests. So we have a lot of capable executive inside, and we have invested in them. But at the same time, we want to really adopt the better practice of internal candidates and external candidates. We have a world-renowned executive search firm, and this process is very deliberate, but very short. I'm going to be the company for the next 6 months to make sure that there is good transition. But the most important thing is that we got so much -- so many important assets and the company is poised for growth. And we want somebody who will be here for the next 7 to 10 years, and that's the reason why it is now.
Surya N. Mohapatra: No, I did remember in the beginning of the year, we have done some management changes to strengthen our lines of businesses. Cathy Doherty now runs the physician business. Dr. Jon Cohen runs the Hospital business. Dr. Joan Miller runs the cancer business. And we got some other people who are running the lines of businesses, and we are very focused on that. So there is no change in strategy, and neither a change in structure. Now having said that obviously, we have unmatched assets and capabilities, and depending on the person who comes here, he or she will have -- the person who's selected from inside, he or she will have the opportunity to refine. But from my point of view, we have come to a stage where the company has now become an esoteric and gene-based company, major tests in 4 disease categories with information technology, and we need to really leverage those assets and we need somebody who will be in the company for the next 7 to 10 years.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, it has been a headwind the couple of years, Tom, and we see that in GI and GU, it has moderated and the down patent is still there. But having said that, cancer is a major area, growth area. And the AP is critical. So we expect -- although the rest of the year is going to be a challenged, but eventually it's going to bode more than the -- we will get the benefit of our very strong Anatomic Pathology franchise.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Ricky, we have been working with -- directly in DC [ph] and also with the CLA [ph]. We'd done some studies. We have given some data, but I really don't have any specific timeline. We know that utilization has increased when people are trying to do it themselves.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Some of those programs are in effect now with some of the health plans, and we are seeing some changes and some results, some improvement also.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Gary, again, the Board will consider that. What I have agreed with the Board that once we find a CEO, I will remain as Chairman if the Board wants. But I'm going to be here up to 6 months. And hopefully, we will take less than that to find the CEO. But after April 30, I will leave the company and will not be on the Board of Quest Diagnostics.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Yes, Gary, again, you are to visualize our company that the routine testing is the foundation for chronic, and the 4 pillars of this, what I call disease-based focus. They can also consider, like very specialized boutique, advanced esoteric laboratories, whether it is Focus, whether it is another make pathology with Ameripath and Dermpath, or whether it is Berkeley Heart and Athena. So each of them will have and have personalized sales force to meet their customers. But along with that specialist sales force, we also have the general sales force who are selling to physicians and hospitals, and they are to provide lead and provide information and also become the channel for some tests. For example, we had a weakness in women's health, but we introduced, SureSwab, but also we have now access to SMA, through Athena, and we are now gaining some of the accounts back. Same thing is going to happen with the Berkeley HeartLab. They will sell direct, for some of the test results are going to be sold through physicians in the hospitals. So it's actually a double-channel strategy to reach maximum customers.
Surya N. Mohapatra: But it's also of a grave strategic importance because there's not a lot of Ivy League companies that have laboratory to introduce products and not a lot of the lab companies. And frankly, there's probably no lab companies who have the IVD capabilities. So knowing that our central team is diagnostic testing and information and services, I expect that some of the LDTs laboratory developed tests is going to become IVD through focused diagnostics in Celera and will become a revenue stream for us.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Sure, first of all, about India, we -- as we said that Indian market, the laboratory market is growing 15% to 20% a year. We are growing in India, but it is not to my expectations. So we have a lot of opportunity in the growing market, especially in India to make sure that we get our share. We have started doing some esoteric tests and also some reference tests from India. So we'd still have to do a lot more in India for us to really get our return. As far as the Care360 is concerned, that's doing very well. Not only the Care360 has the laboratory orders and results, but also at the EHR, and we have now got the almost a 3,800 people of adopted hour Care360 EHR. And this again will become a very important element when we move forward to work with health plans and accountable care organizations. ACOs want connectivity. ACOs want analytics. ACOs want informatics. And this is the only company who has not only the connectivity but also content. So again, another strategic asset, which will really help us to grow.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, Bob, first of all, the Board is fully engaged to find a successor to me. And as far as any alternatives and other things, obviously, that's something -- the Board looks at it. But at the moment, it is -- the focus is looking for a CEO, not really do any other alternatives for Quest Diagnostics.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, first of all, nothing changed. We have a company to run, and we have to deliver what we promised. And -- but going back to what are the focus has been to really grow the top line, so that's basically, sales effectiveness and driving the esoteric business, reduce costs. And then the other thing, what we are now focused on, improving ROIC. Those are the 3 things. But I'm going to work until the last day to making sure that not a single business on Quest goes anywhere. It comes to Quest from the market.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, again, you're absolutely right. It's not even this transition. Almost every year, we think about what is doing well, what is not going well, what we can do better. But if you know our company, there are 3 words that has driven our company over the last 10 years: it's patients, it's the passion for patients and our desire to grow and our commitment to people. So as far as patients, growth and people, that's not changing. The more important thing is that we have a lot of very capable people in the company, not only at the executives level, but also in the company. And that's why actually, we could take a big jolt like losing the United contract, but recovering. And as far as I'm concerned, that we are no longer a lab company, we are in healthcare diagnostics company. And with a lot of assets, and with a lot of people in the company with new ideas. So I'm pretty excited actually, to see this company and look for a person, both internally and externally, to drive the company. But -- so I don't really, again, we're not going to tie people's hands down wherever the new leader is, but wherever the new leader is, they will -- he or she will be very, very excited about the people and the assets and the customers we have.
Surya N. Mohapatra: The Board is the search committee. And, we have, as you know, we have a leading independent Director. But as the Board itself, it's the search committee.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Frankly, it is -- the Board is the search committee. There are 7 people, including me, is 8. So obviously I'm not in search committee, but I'll take part -- I'll participate.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Bill, in fact, my role will be to facilitate and provide all the information. And obviously, I will participate in the search process. And -- but it is the Board's decision. It is the Board's work.
Surya N. Mohapatra: No. As we said that we still do quite a bit of reference tests from -- in international, which includes some developing countries. But our major investment is in India because that's the one which is growing. And we want to be successful there before we start doing any other venture anywhere else.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Although we call it non-clinical, but remember the reason why we have this, is this is all about diagnostic testing whether you draw blood and bring it into the laboratory or take an instrument to the doctor's office. So it makes sense.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Okay, and a lot of questions here. Well, first of all, we are a very strong supporter of patient data rights. It is the patient's blood, it is the patient data. The other thing is that we don't believe that you can reduce healthcare cost and improve quality unless we educate people. So we've been working behind the scenes for the people who can make changes as far as giving the data to a patient directly, so that they can be educated. You can you know blood sugar is going up, you know that you're not going to have that donor. So it's all about patient accountability. And those are the patient data rights. We welcome it and we really applaud what the government is doing. We have a connectivity to physicians, and now we have connectivity to patients to our Gazelle Smartphones. So if you have the -- your blood sample coming to Quest Diagnostics, you will get your result in 48 hours. Your doctors get a look at those first. And Gazelle was introduced a few months ago, and now we have 80,000 users using this device to get the results and also use other applications. So again, it's all about providing information -- diagnostic information to doctors, now to the patients. So it's a good thing.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, some of these things, I will not be able to give you, but remember one thing, leadership development and succession planning is a regular work in Quest Diagnostics. So this is not something new, and we -- many times, we have different search firms trying to help us, our executive search firm. So as far as this particular one item, I will not be able to give you the exact date.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Okay. Well, first of all, as we've said that we have a number of internal capable candidates. We also have been working for quite a while to look in at actually how the transition is going to happen. And the reason why I talked about short, because usually when this -- we don't want to extend the period of uncertainty. And so I agreed to be here for 6 months to transition. And we believe that we will find the right candidate for our company. And it's a very attractive company with a lot of growth opportunities. So our goal in working with the executive search company, we believe that it can be done within 6 months.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, sure. We have a product called QuestNet, and we have that existing for the last 7 to 8 years. And basically, it is a product where we manage and build networks, and manage networks for health plans. And already, we have 2 health plans we are working -- they rely on us to really run their network. And we are talking to a number of other health plans who are interested in such network. It's called QuestNet.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, first of all, QuestNet can be expanded. It's not a separate company. It's part of Quest Diagnostics. And it can -- we are working with various vendors to have different kinds of things like pre-authorization. And so it can go into the laboratory benefit management if we wanted, but it is a part of Quest Diagnostics.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, first of all, the reason why we were interested in Celera apart from having a specialized Berkeley Heart Lab, is their discovery capability and also their IVD capability. We have focused diagnostics for infectious disease. And with that, what we bring to our company is how you deal with the FDA, how do you deal with the regulatory staff. Plus the fact, that a lot of tests can be converted into IVD, based on the work which is happening in our laboratories. So when I look at international market or when I look at the hospital market, I really am pretty excited about some of the reagents which we can do through Celera or Focus. At the moment, we're focusing more on molecular diagnostics, which is the top end of IVD. So this will be very important for us when we go towards personalized medicine. And this will be very important for us also as far as getting the benefit of testing in the hospital and international by just sending reagents and not going to have really open up big laboratories to do these things. So it is good. And it is -- we are combining some of the expertise. It's small at the moment, but it has a very bright future.
Surya N. Mohapatra: No, I think we just mentioned our laboratory AP business guide is still under pressure. And we still believe that the rest of the year we will see pressuring down at the pathology, although GI and GU is moderating. And we are working with the regulators. We have collected some data. Hopefully, we could pursue the regulators to start some internalization. But having said that, AP's a very important component of cancer diagnostics. And once it is moderated, we will benefit from our strong franchise of Anatomic Pathology.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, we're not talking about 2012, as you know. But it's a very important element of our growth strategy, and AP is certainly growing faster than routine testing. But unfortunately, at the moment, because the TC and PC, we're seeing some internalization.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Sure, Art. First of all, I wish it was going much faster than it is going at the moment. Where -- however, having said that, and as we've mentioned, we have long-term relationships with a number of health plans and I think as they evolve to becoming ACO or working with the employers, we are becoming a very strong partner with them whether it is including their latest score or providing analytics and informatics about the utilization or taking the leakage data, which the patients are going to the hospital, and the hospital is 2x or 3x more than the commercial lab and changing the employer benefits. So we are working a number of areas, and we are pleased to see some improvements in this area where the health plans are talking to the employers. And health plans are talking to us and giving us the data to move -- to steer some leakage away from higher cost testing to us. The other question about lab benefit management or lab network, and again, we had QuestNet for almost 7 or 8 years. And we see some more interest now in managed network. We manage hospitals. We manage laboratories. So we will probably see some more work in QuestNet. But I think the most important thing is probably going to be the application of our connectivity with the doctors and getting the data utilized. And when the ACO comes in, then it's all about, actually, accountability of the quality and improvement of quality and reduction of costs. So we are working with them, and we're seeing some progress. But it's a little slower than what I would liked to.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, first of all, I didn't know I have a lot of friends both in the hospital ACO and also in the health plans. And it's a question of priority. Laboratory testing, again, is still in the 3% to 4% of the total cost. And when the company is negotiating a heart transplant or a rehabilitation center and all those things, laboratory test doesn't come in. But having said that, the diagnostic test is going to play an important role on the total life cycle cost during the hospital stay, and the patient outside the stay. And this is where we come in, and this is where the health plans are getting more interested because they want to know about the patient when the patient is in the hospital, and outside the hospital, and also trying to reduce readmission to the hospitals.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Thank you very much, Art. And thank you all, actually. You have supported me over the years. But I'm not going anywhere for another 6 months.
Robert A. Hagemann: We did not break out the components of volume and pricing, but you should expect, Ralph, that -- the vast majority of the impact did show up in revenue per req because of the mix there. A pretty insignificant impact to volume overall.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, Ralph, as I said earlier, we're still in the very early stages. And we're not yet to the point where we can give you specifics in terms of how much will show up in each year. But as you think about the years, think about very little showing up in 2011. We're really laying the groundwork this year. We expect to have something meaningful show up in next year's results. But we expect that the bulk of it, is really going to come in the 2 out-years. And as we exit 2014, we'll be at a run rate of $500 million and safe.
Robert A. Hagemann: And, Tom, just to put it in perspective, Surya indicated we're going to be returning the majority of our free cash flow to shareholders. When you look at the increased dividend, that represents about 13% or so of free cash flow. So that means share repurchases will continue to be an important element of how we returned cash back to shareholders.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Ricky, it's actually tracking very closely to what we had guided. Remember that 2% is a full year impact, and we only have those acquisitions in for part of the year. So what you see in the third quarter is a full quarters' impact of those acquisitions, which was about 3%. But again for 2011, where we only have those transactions on board for part of the year, it's about 2%.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, I'm not giving fourth quarter guidance at this point, but there's no reason that it will look much different in terms of the contribution in the fourth quarter than it looked in the third quarter.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Ricky, it's a combination of a few things, and I would tell you that it's really not anything from the longer-term program at this point. It's really a result of some of the short-term actions that we've taken to adjust the size of our workforce and reduce costs in light of the volume pressures that we've got. And also in this quarter, we did have some benefit, which -- it's unclear as to whether or not it will continue, but probably 50 basis points or so, associated with the way we treat our supplemental deferred comp plan. You may recall we've talked about this in the past, but losses associated with the investments in that deferred comp plan show up as reduced costs in operating an income, but there is an offset below the line for those losses. So it nets in the P&L, but it shows up in different places. And this quarter, we did have about a 50 basis-point benefit year-over-year from that phenomenon.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, the AP market -- the overall AP market is growing, but the share is shifting a little bit because it used to be the commercial laboratories and the pathologists. And now actually, you have the other specialists like GU, GU and Dharm [ph]. And they are doing the technical components. So I think the total market is still growing with the growth of cancer.
Robert A. Hagemann: And I think you've seen with the recent announcement of the acquisition of Caris by a Japanese firm that, yes, that does point to and reinforces our view that AP is going to be an important and attractive space to be in over the long term.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, but generally, they have their own contracts, in some cases, they operate as out-of-network, and in other cases, we'll be rolling in some of the contracts, particularly on the Celera side, BHL in particular.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, well, as I said, the base business grew about 8%. The added growth came from the products portion of Celera, so there's some acquired revenue growth in there. But if you look at the base businesses that grew 8% in that group of businesses, that was principally from the product side of the business as well.
Robert A. Hagemann: The products business, we continue to expect, is going to grow at a nice clip. Again, I don't want to give specific guidance for the small components of the business at this point, but we have been very pleased with the growth that we've seen there.
Robert A. Hagemann: And, Bob, we believe that executing against what we've outlined, particularly in terms of improving operating performance, will generate some real significant value for shareholders.
Robert A. Hagemann: Likely, there are some differences in the way we operate our business with the LabCorp. But frankly, as we go through this process and we've identified the opportunities here, we're not using LabCorp as our model. What we're looking at are the opportunities we have within our business to take our business to a different level, to do things differently. And the -- I outlined a lot of those. Well, I respect the LabCorp for what they've accomplished. That's not necessarily what we're trying to emulate here.
Robert A. Hagemann: That is probably the biggest piece of it, Bill. As we indicated, as we got into the back half of this year, we would start to anniversary some changes that were made previously, and we're starting to see some of that as well. As I mentioned, the absolute level of revenue per requisition has been pretty stable x the acquisitions this year.
Robert A. Hagemann: There's no -- been no significant payer mix change driving the bad debt improvement. If you look at the bad debt quarter-to-quarter this year, it's been relatively stable. We had some quarters last year where we had spiked so the improvement that you're seeing is really the year-over-year improvement, not necessarily sequential improvement. But bad debt and billing is an area that we're constantly looking for ways to improve it. You don't improvement it overnight. It generally takes lots of time and effort, and you start to see small incremental changes over time. And that's really what we've been doing here. We've been applying Six Sigma in the billing and collections area for some time now, and it's one of the areas where I think we have the probably the best examples of how Six Sigma can work to drive continuous improvement. And that's really what you're seeing.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, just like I said, just to clarify, the non-clinical businesses there, their base revenues grew about 8%. There was additional growth added as a result of the Celera acquisition that brought with it a products business. So that's what drove the rest of the growth there. Within the base business, much of that growth was driven by our products business again, principally the point of care operations there, which have been growing nicely.
Robert A. Hagemann: We'll have more details later. But yes, I indicated that and Surya did as well. Beginning in 2012, a significant portion of the management's long-term compensation is going to be tied to improving ROIC. What those targets are, and the rate at which we're looking to improve it, yes, there's really more to come on that. But those targets for us, will be said as part our annual planning process.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Isaac, this is Bob. Certainly, we don't see a co-pay as something that's very attractive, not only for us, but for the people participating in the Medicare program. Essentially, you're shifting cost to seniors in a situation like that, and you run the risk that it would deter them from getting appropriate testing and screening and preventing what might be more expensive procedures down the road. So we don't think it's necessarily good policy. We're trying to make that case very clearly. But also, if there is going to be a co-pay, we want to make sure that it's in situations where it's being collected by the provider that's actually seeing the patient, which is really important.
Robert A. Hagemann: And, yes, Isaac, we're seeing a lot of interest from pharma in our capabilities at this point because they are thinking about companion diagnostics, particularly diagnostics that might have a very broad appeal. It's going to be important for them that there'll be an IVD kit that's available. We can work with them to take laboratory developed test, convert it to an IVD kit, which can then be distributed very broadly and widely. So we're seeing a lot of interest here. And as Surya said, it's small today, but it's an important capability that we think is going to help us as we go forward.
Robert A. Hagemann: Look, Gary, we have no plans to do that. I'm not sure how it's really shareholder-friendly. It's not doing anything to create value. It's just recharacterizing something. The amount of amortization that is associated with our deals is clearly laid out on the P&L. And if people want to calculate that number, they certainly can. But I don't see how it creates any shareholder value.
Robert A. Hagemann: Without giving you specific guidance, Gary, on the payout ratio, what you should expect regarding the dividend is, it will grow over time as we continue to grow our earnings and cash flows. But I'm not prepared to give you a specific payout ratio. At this point, also, the increase in the dividend brings us pretty close to about 13% or so of free cash flow.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, certainly, yes, as we've said already, we feel very good about the outlook for us continuing to generate your strong cash flows and if we feel good about the ability to increase the dividend at this point in time. And I think we want the dividend to be something that's meaningful. We've done that with this increase. And as I said we expect it to grow over time. And share repurchases give us some added flexibility in that regard. So we want to maintain some flexibility here but we want to make it very clear that we're committed to returning the majority of our cash to shareholders.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Art. This is Bob. We've indicated that all of our national contracts had been renewed for multiple years. We don't have anything coming up either this year or next year. They start to come up in 2013 and beyond. And as I look at the next couple of years, while we always have contracts coming up, whether they'd be, typically a national or regional or a local one, the amount of contracts that are coming up -- the business that's coming up in total tends to be a little less than it would be on average in a particular year for those upcoming years.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Art. The impact of the hurricanes was really very modest for us. As you know, they hit on a weekend, which is a slower time for us. So while, it did have some impact, it was pretty modest to the volumes, and we chose not break it out.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Amanda, as I said earlier, well, I think everybody is anxious to understand exactly how much is going to flow to the bottom line. We're doing this for a number of reasons. One, we see, as we look forward increasing pressure on reimbursement, we see rising cost in some places. And we think we just need to do this to make sure that we can continue to grow our business, to be competitive in doing that and also improve our margins. And at this point, it's premature to give you specific guidance as to what the impact will be on margins. We hope to give you some more clarity around that as we get into January and provide you guidance for 2012. But for right now, it's a little premature.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, look, as you can expect, a broad fee reduction is going to drop down to the bottom line with no opportunity to recoup it. And while we're not in favor of a co-pay for the reasons that I've mentioned earlier, you do have the ability to collect that, particularly if you're in the position where you're going to encounter the patient. As I said earlier, if we do end up with a co-pay, that would be the sort of scenario that would make the most sense. It would be the provider that's encountering the patient that would be responsible for collecting the co-pay. Or that's what we would hope in that regard. But certainly, like I said, with the co-pay, we have the opportunity to collect it if it's a straight fee reduction. There's not much we can do about that.
Robert A. Hagemann: That sounds like it's a relatively high number at this point. And look, we collect co-pays today, so we've got the infrastructure in place to do it. We know how to do it. And while it would add cost to us, it's something that we're certainly capable of accomplishing. And I've believe for less than what you've just quoted.
