Mark Guinan: Yes, sure, Steve. Ross, as I mentioned, and we've talked about several times, including the investor day, this year saw more dramatic changes throughout the year than certainly any one I've experienced since I've been at Quest. Denials were a big part of that. I'll start with the vitamin D change back in the second quarter, we saw more and more state Medicaid programs making decisions on cystic fibrosis, we've talked about prescription for monitoring and payers both tightening policies around same day of service for presumptive and definitive testing, which we think is clinically appropriate but they've put in policies to deny payment for one of those tests. We've seen them squeezing panels saying that they're going to pay for fewer and fewer analytes [ph], and again we don't think that's necessarily clinically appropriate but that is the way many of them are paying now. And even in the area allergy, there was an NCCI edit that was put in last year that resulted in significant denials in our allergy space. So, it was a tough year from a denials perspective. We have built all that into our 2019 guidance. And so when I talked about carrying the fourth quarter business into Q1, we fully accounted for all that in our thinking in the guidance we're providing. The other area of surprise was patient concessions. And we, based on what we knew going into the year, we're expecting a similar level of patient concessions. I'm sure you've seen and we referenced the Keiser Report that came out about the middle of the year that informed us and others that actually the average deductable went up significantly, so there was more being borne by patients. Obviously that meant more of our revenue was coming from patients, and we were just starting to see that in our collections because there's obviously a delay in the adjudication process to the payers, and then we -- as we send the bills out to the patients so we start to get an experience of the collection rate that may or may not match our historical rate, and was actually finding that it was being negatively impacted. The other thing I mentioned was we did have some issues with one of our lab conversions. We have done a number of these that we've shared. We're getting close to the endpoint in the standardization process. This particular lab was not a legacy Quest system, it was a system we had acquired a couple of years ago as part of an acquisition. We therefore did not do as well with this conversion as we did historically, and therefore we struggled, as I mentioned, with some filing deadlines and other things. The other issue is this is in a geography where historically there's higher rate of payment concessions versus other geographies. So, as we got delays in our ability to send out bills and as we looked more and more to patients and less directly to the payers, that definitely created a headwind. The good news on that one is we fully expect that to be behind us. And so that's more of a temporal issue versus the denials, which as I said. And the overall level of patient responsibility will carry into 2019, and is fully baked within our guidance.
Mark Guinan: Sure. Ralph, the $200 million is actually consistent with what I shared at investor day. The amount of PAMA headwinds outside the clinical lab fee schedule, where we're directly reimbursed from Medicare on fee for service, is not large. There's some Medicaid programs that have reduced their rates, they may have justified it or cited PAMA changes. It's hard to know whether these Medicaid rates are directly tied to PAMA. You can look across all the states, there seems to be potentially some direct relationship. Not all of them have changed the rates. So yes, there's a little bit of headwind in Medicaid as there typically is, that's not unusual, certainly not to the magnitude of the amount that you asked us about. And then, we're not going to size the investment specifically, but what we wanted people to understand is when you look at the rhythm of the quarters coming to the year, on the cost side, not only do we not benefit from the restructuring of our cost base that we announced at the end of this quarter until Q2, but we also are actually spending more in Q1 as we're making people aware of our new access in all of the geographies where we need to inform patients and providers. We're adding [indiscernible] by adding patient service centers, extra couriers, doing all the things to ensure that as this volume comes the customer and stakeholder experience is outstanding. And obviously, we'll continue to monitor that as we see the volume, and either add more or less, but initially when you add that a little bit ahead of the volume it's cost versus cost of sales. So, that's really what we wanted to make sure people understood. And then the other significant item in terms of the quarterly cycling, as I mentioned, is one fewer revenue day that it is significant. We pick it up in Q3, but losing a day billing Q1 versus last year is going to be a significant impact in the year-over-year comparison.
Mark Guinan: Yes, so the Medicaid denials, and I'm not sure what you're referencing, Bill, but a combination of managed Medicaid where they put in more restrictive requirements, including preauthorization that often can result in denials. Also, some of it arguably clinically appropriate where they put in new intelligence to ensure that we only have this once in a lifetime. They may have had this done by a different lab. Historically we obviously weren't aware of it. We get an order, we think it's legitimate, we do the work, we provide it to the payer and they deny it based on it -- once in a lifetime policy. So those things are absolutely tightening in the cystic fibrosis. And we have had a couple of states, I don't have it at my fingertips, we'll circle back and do that actually, the state programs with traditional Medicaid that have stopped reimbursing cystic fibrosis as well. And vitamin D, as I mentioned, it was a combination. So certainly, we still continue to get and got orders with screening codes. Quite often vitamin D is ordered as a part of a bunch of other common laboratory testing. So we don't choose to not perform that test. Even if a diagnostic code initially is not one that suggest to get reimburse, so and absolutely the headwind to our revenue, revenue for rack. And has resulted in significant denials with the change in this national payer, but also as physicians have gotten educate them with the appropriate use and certainly, we're driving that. The industry is driving that, you have seen a fall-off because some of the vitamin D that was being ordered was prescreening and clinically that has been determined not to be appropriate. But there still is a number of vitamin D tests are coming to in the screen codes that really are not screening. The doctors just are not coding them appropriately, and unfortunately, those are resulting in denials and headwinds for us.
Mark Guinan: So I'll start with the quarterly cadence Lisa. Yes, you're correct. So as we look at 2019, as I mentioned Q4, should be in we expected an easy compare to 2018 given the significant change enhancements that I referenced also and Steve will comment more color when we submitted, but we expect volumes to build. So while we certainly moved a bunch of offices and got incremental access volumes you know at the beginning of the year, we are continuing to compete that we expect to build more and more over time. And we also have referenced and are anticipating and hopeful that United will announce this preferred lab network. And we're hoping to be included that and we're expecting to be we're all waiting that announcement. We think that will benefit us as well, certainly with United patients. And yes, we have probably not gotten as much into the calendar impact on quarterly cycling in the past, but it is so significant, we're going to provide more transparency, so losing a day in the first quarter, getting a day in the third quarter, certainly well, change the year-over-year impact that is not insignificant. And then finally as you mentioned some of the timing of what we incurred some of the headwinds last year and when we left those and that will not happen in Q1. So therefore, we have some a topic compared to year-over-year in Q1 combined with the cost items that I mentioned earlier, so for all those reasons that compares much tougher in Q1. Last thing I would add is patient concessions. As we mentioned the beginning of the year, we did not anticipate a significant shift to patients away from the payers directly on where revenue would come from. Now that we saw what happened last year, we are building in a higher rate of patient concessions from day one. Obviously, over time as we look at our collections, we will adjust that, but that's certainly going to be a headwind in the first quarter as well. All of those things are built into the guidance that we provided for the year.
Mark Guinan: I think that covers and obviously we're respectful of United's desire and right to announce, we've applied for that lab network, there is a certain set of criteria as we looked at it, we're very confident. But ultimately we need to wait for United and then in terms of what the particular aspects are I think Steve has captured it well, largely it's leverage preferred, you preferred for a reason obviously it's better value but it's also quality metrics and other things that United is looking for their members and therefore United, the patients and everybody is in the ecosystem who is in that preferred lab network will all benefit if there's more work sent to those better value providers.
Mark Guinan: Ricky, thanks for the question. Actually a majority of the payers are already there and in the managed Medicare space they've been following MLCP for a while and that's really where this emanated from, Cigna adopted it in 2018, the labs remaining significant payer who have to do early on, we obviously have a very close relationship with Aetna, we expect Aetna to move in that direction and certainly that is built within our assumption, we don't know exact timing, we don't know for sure but certainly in our assumptions and our guidance we are expecting Aetna to go there as well and therefore all the national payers to be there.
Mark Guinan: Sure, Ann. So the guidance on operating cash flow of $1.3 billion is obviously commensurate with our pacing around earnings, it is not a significant change in working capital assumes within those number, there is other puts and calls around some tax items and so on and so forth that impact our operating cash flow, that we take into account. But largely the change year-over-year is based on our net earnings. In terms of cash deployment, I talked about the 350 to 400 for internal capital which obviously we view somewhere between 900 and 950 of free cash flow, our dividend now gets us to long way towards our majority commitment to our shareholders but certainly we need to do some share repurchases to get ourselves to that at least 50% commitment and that is built in our expectations to basically this point preventing dilution given our equity program. We're now anticipating in that guidance that I provided a pick up from any reduction in ways down. So with the remaining free cash flow is going to be situationally dependent. So as Steve talked and I mentioned we have an main strategy we're expected to deploy chunk of that cash we're coming into the year with some good carryover based on deals that we've already executed but we just announced the closing of item beyond that we believe there's opportunity deploy more M&A but we're going to use the same financial discipline we always have and if we have a deal that with our money will create more value for shareholders we're going move forward on that deal and in a given point in time we don't have any excusable deal that meets our expectations then we will buy back shares as we have historically. So this point I don't have a specific plan or the balance of the year beyond our majority commitment and others and that's beyond the cash but we are deploying for the -- acquisition.
Mark Guinan: If I could just jump in real quick, I didn't hear the second part of Ann's question, my apologies, we jumped to Brian, so Ann and others, the reason we've chosen [indiscernible] this year is given some of the uncertainty this year, obviously, to make the call on how quickly we grow the volume, we move access, it's not a negative uncertainty, it's just more variability than we've experienced historically in terms of how the volume might come, where it will come from, et cetera. And so the guidance we're providing with the floor obviously is towards the lower end of our revenue guidance and to the extent that we hit the upper end of our revenue guidance, or even potentially surprise ourselves and beat that. Those would be the upside. So I think we've got our costs down pretty good. Really, the question is around the overall volume growth, the pace at which it comes and the source of which lies because obviously there's variability in the pricing and margin depending on which payer they come through. So that would be the opportunity to do better and hopefully that answers your question on why we chose to [indiscernible].
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, sure. So, what I said in my prepared remarks, it's off to a good start. And we expected that it would be off to a good start, so it's on our expectation that we expected to be able to pick up some of the volume early in the year. But what we also said is that it will continue to build throughout '19, and also this provides us a growth opportunity beyond '19, into '20, into '21, okay. So, when I talk about a billion dollars worth of opportunity, we'll see a portion of that in '19, and that's contemplated in our guidance. But there is a large portion of that billion dollars beyond '19. So it's tracking well. We're happy with the early volumes we see. And it will continue to build throughout the year.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So Bill, on your question about the opportunities around hospitals, let me start by reminding you and everyone that, what we said in the Investor Day is in 2018, we have a strong year for M&A. It's about 300 basis points roughly. And if you recall, you go back to one of those Investor Day slides up for use and charts we use, if you look at the distribution of the M&A, we've done past few years, it's really been a balance of acquiring hospital outreach, acquiring some outreach deals. Excuse me, some laboratory regional deals and they are finally buying some capabilities and services and advanced diagnostics. And if you look at the hospital deals, it's been, a good part, but not a majority of what we have acquired. And then, second is we still pick up let's say one regional app for year. And that, in fact, we just said in our prepared remarks that we closed on voice and vitamin Missouri. So it's a good example of doing that once again. And what we also indicated is prospectively, we do believe it's obviously for all three categories, is that M&A should be north of 2% going forward. And we also said we've only contemplated in our guidance, something around 1%, which are those deals for 2019. So some portion of that is the acceleration in the discussions we're having with hospitals around their lab strategy. And we have those discussions Bill, we also have discussions around professional laboratory services and that's an organic growth opportunity. And we announced again in our prepared remarks that we picked up two engagements in the back half '18 that we feel good about and we have more engagements in the pipeline as well. So you need to think about our hospital strategy really from a contributor to M&A because of that 2% but also equally the opportunity organically to pick up organic revenue growth through these professional laboratory services engagements that we continue to announce.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, so just to fill out the question around volume growth throughout the year and the first tranche of the first quarter, so what we shared in 2018 is when we announced that we're going to be back in network with United and Horizon and with anthem in Georgia. We started to communicate that to our customers. And so, what we will see in the first quarter is the first tranche, if you will, of those really good customers's request that they wanted us to get back into network and we're ready to flip those accounts as quickly as possible. So you'll see that and second part of this is, why it's going to continue to build, it's not everyone is flipping on day one. I mean, they provide us an opportunity for the rest of '19 and then into '20 and '21 and some of this is that some of the market is still hearing firsthand from us that we're back in network. So the answer to your question what do we need to do is we continue to work on communication. We do this with our sales force, it takes multiple calls to the customer and to be able to flip those accounts typically, sometimes we need to work out some of the IT integration issues to make sure we can get those orders and as a result of those some customers that might be relatively new and that just takes some time. So if you take the state of New Jersey we are essentially we're back in network with the Blue Cross Blue Shield system in New Jersey and with United. We picked up a lot of access, so we've got a number of accounts that were detailing to pick up the gun and a chair for those taking more time than maybe where we only had -- did have 10% of the volume of those loyal customers in that first tranche. So that's what we're going to need to do and we'll do in backup and that will continue in 2020 and 2021 where we still see more opportunities to pick up shares.
Steve Rusckowski: Okay. So the other drivers of revenue per rack include things like mix, so for instance, our PLS business which, as we explained in the past had higher as lower revenue per rack at a higher growth rate than our overall core business. So that created some headwinds on a rev per rack. And then, what I referenced in terms of the fact that the business experienced an increasing level of denials throughout the year and also patient concessions relative to the prior year. So those things all maybe the tough compared year-over-year Q4 2017 versus Q4 2018, so it wasn't just the change in estimates but it is actually a recognition that that business have revenue per req as we are exiting the year. So those are some of the contributors. We certainly had a little bit of weather impact, it wasn't significant but it was a headwind in that as well. In terms of days, that was a small impact, small negative impact as well. And the other thing was that we had some price changes in the back half of the year that will annualize in 2019 before the end of the year. So you combine all those things and those certainly were the drivers in the year-over-year decrease in rev req.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So, Brian, honestly we down pass some record due to specific comment on the specific payer. But what we have said is that were very nice shape. With 19 with our relationships, what we what we will say is that you know going into 19 we should have most of the nationals are in good shape, obviously they are with United where they would got out and the others will it will be a nice shape as well and then also these big states matter of fact, we talked about in their Investor Day, we pick up new strong bigger states United States. If you look at California with New York, Florida and Texas, about 110 million lives are shared very strong and our relationship with the other payer most states are quite strong. So we feel good about that and we're in nice shape in those states. And that is true to go back to your specific question about Florida. We feel good about our cousins in Florida, we have a strong working relationship with Florida Blue Cross Blue Shield and we feel we're in a nice position to deliver on good income share that we talked over all about doing at Quest Diagnostics in the state of Florida because of that relationship, and our great access that we have in Florida.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, that's a good question. So we've been on raising awareness for consumers around the wide variation, and medical costs broadly, and related to that is a multi-pronged approach. First of all, in some states, we actually provided this at Investor Day. The states are actually providing visibility of a wide variation for consumers. So the state of Massachusetts, they're actually providing on their Web site and if you go on that Web site you'll see the wide variation of what the average commercial rates for Quest Diagnostics are versus hospital outreach laboratories. And the hope is in that state since consumers are picking up a fair share of the costs in health care that consumers will start to become aware of this and bring that information to their physician. And the second part of this is physicians are the advocate, typically, for the patient, even though they have this relationship with the hospital systems and in some cases they sold their practice, but still they realize that this is coming out of their patients' pocket, they realized it could be a wide variation which for a number of a patients it's a considerable sum of money. And for those of us that are reasonably healthy might be once a year, but for many it's not once a year. So it's a considerable portion of our out-of-pocket cost. So we're making sure that the physicians are aware of this as well and then also you know that when you look at what we're doing with the payers the payers increasingly make it visible. And so the payers all reach out to their membership and have campaigns with simple messages like why pay more, and related to that it's not just the lab, you know -- I know many of you realized there's other ancillary services that you have the same issue. So for instance, radiology is getting a lot of visibility. So the help we're getting here as well is this topic in general is getting -- visibility from payers but equally from physicians and then with consumers asking questions. And then once they realize they can ask a question they demand that they [indiscernible] we are in network and therefore it's unacceptable that you tell them they can only go to the hospital lab. And they simply point to -- it's going to cost you extra money if they don't go to Quest, so Doc, why does this make sense? So that's what we're doing about it.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. First of all, yes, we're here and we're only -- I guess, February 14th, happy Valentine's Day, but what we see in the first five or six weeks of the year as we said we're off to a good start. We haven't been asked about it, but I'll share, you know, we think utilization volumes are stable. We're not seeing big pickups or drops in our good customers. So therefore, we think utilization environment out there is relatively stable. So therefore, the volume is coming from share gains. And that's what we expected. So, good start. We're picking up share, and that's going to build throughout the year.
