Stephen Rusckowski: Thanks Mark, and to summarize the harsh winter hurt us in the quarter, but we are seeing positive signs in underlying trends. Fortunately Congress lifted a cloud from our industry with a recent legislation that effects the clinical out fee schedule, and our top priority for 2014 is restoring growth.  We are pleased with progress we are making on our growth priorities and particularly the recent acquisitions. As we said in January, we believe our 2014 guidance is both realistic and achievable. Now we would be happy to take your questions, operator.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah. Thanks. Glad it. Let me just underscore something that Mark just went through. We feel that we have good visibility on pricing and there has been a lot of interest at pricing in the past and as we said our guidance for the next three years is 1% to 2%. We shared at 2013 it was going be about 3%, we ended at about 3% and we actually showed in the first quarter that were making movement down. We actually believe that we’re executing well against our pricing discipline approach in the market place and the 1% real price effect in the first quarter, I think, underscores that strategy. So, Dan answered your on molecular diagnostics. Actually, we continue to work with payers and what I’d share is even though we had been in constructive dialogue, I would not say that it’s material change than what we’re getting paid for by payers. So, this is a continued process we continue to work at. We’re hopeful we’re having a good dialogue and good discussion, but I can’t say in the first quarter there was material change of what we were paid for versus prior quarters.
Stephen Rusckowski: Now I’ll take that. It’s tough to quantify. I think as you’re commenting has a lot of visibility right now with the new drug therapies in the market place and now there is effective treatment for hepatitis C. There is lot more visibility to it and so therefore we should see some tailwinds in the testing we performed, but we can’t quantify for you at this time.
Stephen Rusckowski: Let me just assemble [ph] on last comment on you for Affordable Care Act again. We believe Affordable Care Act continues to be net positive. This is free and net positive for us. We have said in the past, we’ll continue to say that more people are determined to continue with what we do and that’s the trust.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah, Michael. I have described it this way is if we did a good job actually as an industry as you know active with the Miracle Clinical Episode Association so are number of people in this industry. We expect a fair amount of time walking the halls of Congress getting Congress involved and what this industry has paid in the past and what is at risk if it in fact we didn’t have any what we’ll describe as guard rails on the process going forward. Fortunately, we got them to listen. We were fortunately there also thinking about how they would do this year’s doc fix. We took advantage of that opportunity, and fortunately with the build-up was passed it allowed us some time now to get it to a good dialogue about the rule-making process and also that will allow us to have a comprehensive market view by code that will eventually set the prices that will take effect in 2017. So, we’re encouraged by that. We have worked on furloughs [ph] to make sure the rules are done correctly and eventually when we do the market analysis and again when I set up my remarks it’s a full market view including all segments of the market place and we feel good about that. We think it serves all segments well to be participants in that survey, and when we go through the data in 2015 and 2016 we’ll eventually have new prices in 2017. We did have caps at the per code level. You know they are at 10%, but until you get the market data you’re not sure really what the effect would be per code, but that’s 2017. So, we feel good about the process, we feel good that we’ve some time to digest it and create some stability with us but this is unknown in the market price and as I said from my earlier remarks it actually lifts the cloud that was over this industry that worked in the past. So, we feel good about what’s happened.
Stephen Rusckowski: Sure, well enough you to reiterate what we said in 2012 and I guess we have to update it. So, it’s all decimals, but we’ll tell you what we said. We said that we believe that market place was a good market and that’s this market will be growing at about 4%. Now in that market assumption, we assumed the Affordable Care Act would be taking full force in 2014 and as you know that hasn’t happened, so that was a big assumption in that. Clearly, this has been pushed out. It could be more of a gradual build and we’ll eventually come back to you with our current assessment of the market. This fall we’ll evaluate what our current forecast is as far as the Affordable Care Act. On the Investor Day I said my comments were really arranged [ph]. The population is growing, we’re all living longer and we [indiscernible] will be into the med care system. Also, advanced diagnostics are critical to persist with medicine. These all have very positive effects on other Diagnostic Information Services that are needed in the market place. So, we’ll update this when we have our Investor Day in the fall. Some of the assumptions that we had at 2012 really have changed, but we still are optimistic and bullish of the process with this industry.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah. We’ll see as it’s in our comments. We’re encouraged by the traction we are getting with our dialogues in hospitals. We’ve announced the relationships over the first quarter too a bit about those, and in their [indiscernible] range of difficult relationships that we formed but still got the boasted integrated delivery system. We feel good that they have decided to continue to work with us and for other in our relationship. We also announced the small hospital punitive [ph] hospital in North-western Connecticut this week in [indiscernible] again is a community in North-western Connecticut, but [indiscernible] hospital all these happened [indiscernible] the same thing and their cost structure there is [indiscernible] about that. We also announced with [indiscernible] is that there is [indiscernible] integrated delivery system that has multiple [indiscernible] and all the multimillion dollars as the volume for us and we’re encouraged about that. We started to see some of this. Then we shared this with you because the [indiscernible] is to build our discussion continued to build around and we think about that, but we’re not so optimistic that at this point we’re going to change our guidance because there are so building and you need to bring [indiscernible] will progress. We feel bit of our guidance for this year.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah, I do appreciate the question. First up, generally, we don’t really address consensus but what I can tell us you is that if we look at the year obviously we’re guiding to something that’s just little bit better than flat year-over-year. So, really the question is how the cord is to get lay down. In the first quarter your nickel [ph] behind and you mentioned that you do have a little bit of delusion in the second quarter from soft business of it, which really implies that we’re going to pay cut nickel or so in order to grow [indiscernible] in the back half of the year as these acquisitions really become creative through the integration synergies that were driving and take a little time to accomplish. So, yeah I’m not quite timed to your 6% to 7% below consensus, some of the priority was about 6% and while we’re not speaking precisely, giving you precise number in Q2 which does try to simulate generally flat, a little bit of growth on the underlying business offset with a bit of delusion on the two recent acquisitions. 
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah. I’m characterizing that every hospital has its own lab strategy. They were approaching peacefully just working in and were having a discussion about the lab strategy and just like so much it helped to see one strategy seem one strategy same for the lab. And what we try to give you is portfolio of all the different opportunities, which we find exciting. People are engaged dialogue with us. It all starts. We have a strong hospital business as you know. We do reference testing for hospitals and people don’t really like relationship and some of these deals will take the form of laboratory management and the deal we talked about that’s a multi-side deal has a portion of that laboratory management. We also have forms of joint ventures in the past. We have a number of successful joint ventures with integrated delivery systems. And finally, in some cases hospitals want to get out of the outreach business and already between [indiscernible] and the [indiscernible] stores selling the remainder of the household outreach that today of course some hospitals coming their way. It is an encouraging time that many systems are now thinking or rethinking what they should do in the labs base in the setting that’s best for them to focus on what they do well and rely on earlier [indiscernible] we do well for them. So, we think that’s encouraging. This supports what [indiscernible] We believe those two large role drivers of value are growth and return on invested capital, and we think that this business or lab professional services business will allow us to restore growth and at the same time be accredited to our return on invested capital targets as before. And I will turn to Mark to add some color to that as well.
Stephen Rusckowski: That’s so. First of all, one of our points of our five-point strategy is to build or deliver disciplined capital deployment and as part of that we have a goal to go over 1% to 2% through acquisition. And what we said is we want to use our money wisely. We’re going to look for strategically aligned accredited acquisitions, and as you get from our comments this morning we feel good about the progress we’re making, we are on the high end of that range. We provided it in our five-point strategy. We’re tracking well against it. So, Bill in terms of speciality labs we will consider speciality labs that are strategically aligned and they need to be creative. Every deal is a deal by itself and we need to look at it based upon how we can make money for our shareholders, but we’ll consider it but in the end that’s be aligned. We also would consider make [indiscernible] considerations whether we could do it ourselves and whether it’s wise for us to invest on buyings so that we can do it ourselves, but at the end we need to deliver on our goals of making money for our shareholders and we’ll continue to put up through that filter.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah, I think looking at that level of granularity it’s a little bit tough and especially looking at the first quarter, Amanda, with the amount of weather we saw it’s tough to read too much in some of these trends at the moment. 
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah. Let me give you some color on pathology. Clearly with the ADA [ph] three or five cuts last year, there’s more pressure on everyone to make money in pathology services and also on the tech side. You would have expected given the pressure that there will be increased interest in outsourcing if you will. What we shared before then really haven’t changed. We haven’t seen enough material change on people’s perspective on this, but we do have discussions with hospital systems, we go department if you will by department talking about what their strategy is in pathologies consideration, but no notable change at this point. 
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah. So again go back to our five-point strategy what we have worked on in the course of 2013 as we’re focusing on Diagnostic Information Services. Back in 2014 we actually sold four assets too small too larger. We continue to evaluate some other portions of our portfolio. When we had our Investor Day on 2012 we did talk about looking at our strategic options for [indiscernible] products, we’re currently still evaluating that. And we’ve got a few others that will evaluate but we’ll keep you informed as necessary. We continue to stay focus on our core business, which is Diagnostic Information Services and there is a few things we might consider changing in our portfolio but we made excellent progress making sure that we’re focused on bringing more Diagnostic Information Services companies into our portfolio with our acquisitions.
Stephen Rusckowski: Yeah. Within the guidance we earmarked with the 1% to 2% for strategically aligned acquisitions. So, while we may not know exactly which acquisitions there might be, we typically have a pipeline. So, the Solstas’ acquisition kind of stands outside that given its size, you should really look at some [indiscernible] and the other two as kind of being within the envelope of that 1% to 2%. So, they weren’t explicitly in the guidance. I think you should assume they were in place of [indiscernible] guidance.
Stephen Rusckowski: We’ll say that the doc fix legislation had no bearing on your view on our acquisitions that we’ve done in the past and also this year. And as far as the environment going forward it provides the lift, if you will, the cloud that was over the industry where we’re happy about that and it provides us some time now to work on the rule making we feel good about that. So, what it did do the doc fix is it will at least provide us with more clarity around pricing and in 2015 and 2016 some reasonable confidence around the clinical lab fee schedule pricing that we should be considering while we’re looking at acquisitions. So, it’s a part of the conversation, but I can’t say it had an overwhelming consideration for what we do with Stewart.
Stephen Rusckowski: Well, I think there is a lot of dynamics in general around scale in this industry. It’s true for the broader health care industry. Frankly, what you see us driving is a continuation of what we believe is necessary health care and more and more consolidation. What we did with Solstas, what we did with the other acquisitions are consolidating this industry. We think that’s strategically helpful to us and also we can make money our shareholders and we’re going to get continue to track down that road because we believe it’s the right strategy for Quest Diagnostics and I think it’s consistent with what you see in other parts of health care overall.
Mark Guinan: Yeah I appreciate the question Glen. So first off the 1% to 2% guidance is really a three year from 2013 to 2015. So what we're, what I was trying to emphasise is that we're not deviating from what we had communicated. You know starting with our investor day in 2012 and I think pretty consistently, each time we have a chance to address it. So the, when you look at the 2.8% that I referenced, the revenue per rack, this quarter about 100 basis points was true price, and that's what we are referring to when we talk about the 1% to 2 percentage. True price independent from business mix and business mix obviously comes in two forms. One is, should we do acquisitions, for instance we've talked about the toxicology acquisition, we did mid last year. That can have a different structure and had lower revenue per rack, obviously also lower cost per rack as well, and therefore it has a negative mix impact on us.  The other one is the mix within our core organic business as we go forward and things can shift you know quarter-to-quarter depending on tax mix and so on and so forth. So the trend throughout the year, what I'm really talking about is the comparisons year-over-year will improve. Not necessarily you know forecasting and improvement in overall rent per rack, although we have talked about the fact that we have seen a positive trend in a number of tests per acquisition and that's certainly something that we would expect to continue.
Mark Guinan: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ricky. We did actually mention in Steve’s prepared remarks at just one of the areas that we had seen growth in. So, yes absolutely we’d seen growth and we expected to contribute to our overall business success for after remainder of the year.
Mark Guinan: Yeah. There is someone come out at us. One of the very positive aspects amongst many of the Affordable Care Act is that there is a number of diagnostic and preventative treatments that are not actually subject to many patients responsibility. It’s not clear that that’s broadly understood. So, until that’s broadly understood certainly the passion would be so much needed to taking advantage of past not having to work after deductible and these higher deductible plans. So, I think it’s very early. I think it’s the answer. And we’ll be interested, we’ll be monitoring it. I’m sure you’ll be asking us about regularly but it’s just too early to make a call at this point.
Mark Guinan: Yeah. I think the add to that is no. I don’t think there is any other wildcards, at this point certainly not in the radar. So, I think as you mentioned in the past we’ve got a good handle on the cycle of commercial renegotiations. I think we got a pretty track good of be able to kind of guard rail those as Steve mentioned and we called the 3% going into 2013 that includes negotiation but had yet to be completed. At that point, we at that pretty much nail right on the head and we talked about obviously our setting those lower rates in 2014 and 2015 and certainly as we shared this quarter it seems like we’re delivering on that. So, at this point, we feel very confident in those guard rails of 1% to 2% that we mentioned over that period of time.
Mark Guinan: Yes, Steve mentioned. Bill, I’m sure you’re smart, at least deals come in different shapes and forms. So, we buy a business from average business like they were still like [indiscernible] there’s some of the greater invested capital but you also will get higher margins because you owned the business. Whereas in some of the other deals we’re really just partnering. Obviously, we don’t have as much investments and the margins, therefore, are acceptably lower to still get an attractive return on invested capital. So, we’re really focused on growing our return on invested capital. Certainly, we try to do as well as we can in the margin in every given deal, which suggests that the structure of the partnership deals are going to be lower margin with lower invested capital than the acquisitions. I also want to make sure we’re clear because you mentioned that some of the acquisitions are lower margin that’s really the initial margin, so until we drive those synergies. But as we mentioned and I think I specifically addressed on the January call once we get Solstas, for instance, up and running we expect those margins be comparable to our base overall business.
Mark Guinan: Yeah. No that we can share. Well, we have, as I said, we’re really targeting to grow our return on invested capital. So on the acquisitions we do mention that we wanted to be a creative on our RIC basis by the third year but have not shared specific overall RIC targets or hurdle rates. I mean as you know, Bill, there is some subjectivity on this because everything has different levels of risk. So, we certainly would not accept anything below or cost of capital and we turn on getting to grow our RIC, which suggests they all have to be above our current level of our RIC but we haven’t shared special hurdle rates.
Mark Guinan: Yeah. We have successfully negotiated reimbursement rates with the typical health plans that we contract with. We feel good about the prices again similar to what Steve said on expectation as not just volume but the reimbursement rates that we thought we could achieve. We’re feeling good about those. So, the reimbursement environment is reasonable certainly like any other task that starts to get lot more attention - the payers start to put some things in place like pre-authorizations, etc. that can slow down the process, make things a little cumbersome and you’re going to work through some of those issues initially to smooth up the process but no major hurdles on reimbursement in those two categories right now.
Mark Guinan: Yeah. We have not shared the specific size. It’s one of the smaller businesses within our Diagnostic Solutions. But certainly the slowdown in R&D span has had some impact on the overall market within the clinical trials laboratory area and has made growth a little more challenging. But we also feel good about our service offering and some of the relationships that we have, which really enable us to maintain work with some of our - as preferred provider for a couple of the drug development company. So, it’s been tough headwinds but not anything of major significance in terms of the slowdown and we feel good about that business both today and about its future prospects.
Bill Bonello - Craig Hallum: Hi guys. I also just wanted to say hi to Lydia. I worked with Lydia too and I think that’s a great hire.
Bill Bonello - Craig Hallum: I wanted to ask a couple of questions too about the hospital deals because it seems to me like those are really starting to take off. That’s the first thing and you probably talked about this before. But can you just remind us sort of what your targeting in terms of return on capital with these deals? How we should think about what the metrics that they really need to achieve for you to want to get involved with – I assumed margin is probably less of a concern than return but maybe just elaborate and then we’ll have a follow-up.
Bill Bonello - Craig Hallum: Okay. Great. And then just one final question, I guess, for both of you. There seems to be an ever-growing mass of clear wave especially labs and for the most part you haven’t done a lot in that area, you’ve done a couple, I guess, in the past. But can you just kind of tell us your view on that? Can those be attractive opportunities? Those seem to be growing really fast, but I know that there can be other concerns maybe about integrating them with the business like yours, but I just be curious if you think that’s an opportunity for growth or not.
