Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Tom, we don't provide specific guidance on buybacks, but what you can assume is that we are going to meet our commitment of returning the majority of free cash flow to shareholders through, obviously, the increase in the dividend and the remainder through share repurchases. And that share repurchases this year should be higher than they were in 2012 with our delevering behind us. We feel as though we've got much more flexibility now to return cash to shareholders. The other part of the question was with respect to the Invigorate savings. While, again, we're not giving specific guidance in terms of what that will be each quarter, at the end of this past year, we had realized about 1/3 of the $600 million in run rate savings we expect. Yes, you should expect that we're going to be in the range of about 2/3 of that as we exit 2013.
Robert A. Hagemann: And, Ricky, while we don't provide quarterly guidance, obviously, we wanted to provide this level of understanding so that folks as they're thinking about the first half of the year versus the second half of the year, but you can get it right. As Steve said, the first quarter last year was a very strong quarter, clearly the strongest volume that we've reported. So that's going to be one of our toughest comps as we go into next year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, again, remember last year's first quarter had the benefit in it of the -- I'll call it the last quarter of both Athena and Celera in there, which drove mix. That anniversary-ed as we got into the second quarter, and we saw relative stability in the revenue correct throughout the year subsequent to that. As we think about the 3% reimbursement pressure, it will be relatively even throughout the year we're expecting.
Robert A. Hagemann: And, Kevin, I would just add to that while patient pay is our highest reimbursement, it also carries our highest level of bad debt and contributes about half of our bad debt overall. So as we see shifting out of that bucket, we should see some benefit on the bad debt side also.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Kevin, as we said when we announced that deal we expect it to contribute about 1% to revenues this year in 2013 and expect it to be accretive starting in 2014.
Robert A. Hagemann: Dane, it's probably in the range of $100 million or so. The reason that you see the cash balance as high as you do at year end, which is close to $300 million, refers to the 2 things. One, the deferral and the tax payment from Q4 to Q1. So we have cash on hand to handle that $90 million tax payment. And in addition, the cash balance that we had at year end was there to cover the payment on January 2 that we made to conclude the UMass transaction.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Lisa, if a copay were to go into place, it would not necessarily show up as reimbursement deal. In all likelihood, if there was any negative impact from it, you'd see it in higher cost of collections. You'd also potentially see it on the bad debt side a little bit as we have to chase those copays. So we're not convinced that copays make a lot of sense. They shift cost to the patient, as well as add cost to the health care system, with now having to collect it.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, A.J., it's clearly volume. Yes, that's one of the biggest drivers we feel is so [ph]. We've got very good line of sight as to the cost savings that are going to come through from the Invigorate initiative. We feel as though we've really nailed down what the reimbursement pressures are going to be this year. So clearly, the biggest variable in my mind is where volume ends up.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, clearly, in the short-term, what it's been doing is allowing us to preserve margins given the reimbursement pressures that we see, and that's certainly going to be the case in 2013 as well. You can imply from the guidance that the operating margins aren't going to be significantly different than they were this year. And to Steve's point, in 2014, when we start to see some uplift in the volumes, we expect that we can then enjoy very nice incremental returns on those volumes, given what we'll have done to the cost structure at that point.
Robert A. Hagemann: Just that we are evaluating all of the possible options that we've got for those assets. And clearly, we intend to do what's in the best long-term interest of shareholders.
Robert A. Hagemann: And I didn't generate any incremental volume [ph]. But -- no, I think flu visits to the doctor's office do not necessarily generate a lot of incremental volume for us, and where there is some, it tends to be pretty low-priced volumes. So yes, I wouldn't look for any material uptick in the numbers as a result of the flu season.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, just a point on that. And we mentioned this at Investor Day as well that to degree that some of that growth is coming from outsourcing us i.e. Managing laboratories for hospitals, that does tend to be lower margin business, but given the fact that there's very little capital investment required to do that for us, tends to be high-incremental returns on invested capital. As we said, that's one of our goals is to drive returns on invested capital, because we believe it'll drive value for shareholders. And as you noticed, we've gotten away from giving guidance around operating income percentage, because, again, it's not necessarily about the percentage, it's about the top line growth and the profits that it can deliver.
Robert A. Hagemann: It certainly could involve doing more technical work, but on the AP side. So as we're talking about hospital outsourcing, it's much broader than AP.
Robert A. Hagemann: No, there is nothing unique happening in 2012 on the commercial side that wasn't anticipated. Yes, this is fully consistent with what we had expected coming into the year. And as we've been talking through 2012 about reimbursement pressure, yes, that was clearly one of the reasons that we felt as though we had to up the ante on the Invigorate initiative, so that we can mitigate that, which was what the point is.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, I wouldn't say that just a couple of contracts. Again, we've spoken about the reimbursement pressure, generally. I think that exists with just about all of the payers. And I wouldn't point to any 1 or 2 contracts that are driving what we expect in 2015.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, and Darren, as you know, we've disclosed that our Medicare revenues are in the range of $1 billion or so, so the 5% cut on that is $50 million that drops right down to the bottom line. As Steve pointed out, while we haven't provided guidance or specific information relative to the CPT codes on the pathology side that are facing the biggest cuts. It is a sizable piece of our business, and some of those codes are facing reimbursement cuts in excess of 50%. So those are big drivers that we have this year that we haven't had in the past.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, it's still very early. We haven't yet seen the reimbursement come through on many of those codes. We're working with the Medicare into mediaries as well as in the commercial plans to try and mitigate any impact that would be there. We're helping them try and crosswalk where they can, provided additional information. And our hope is to mitigate as much as possible an impact that might be there. But again, rates are not yet published, and we've not yet seen reimbursement on those.
Robert A. Hagemann: As we've said, the 3% reimbursement's a combination of multiple things. It's -- the Medicare fee cuts, the AP, CPT code fee cuts, as well as commercial. Obviously, commercial rates can be influenced by Medicare rates. We don't have contracts -- many contracts that necessarily float with Medicare, but it is a reference point in all of our discussions around pricing. But at this point, what we've baked into that 3% is -- what we fully anticipate have good visibility to at this point.
Robert A. Hagemann: Sure. Two things that you have to look at in comparing the year-over-year cash flow guidance. One has to do with the deferral of a tax payment this past quarter into the first quarter of 2013 that was roughly a $90 million deferral. So it has $180 million year-over-year impact. And that is, you'll recall, in the third quarter of 2012, we unwound some interest rate swaps that we had that generated about $72 million in cash flow for us that we're not expecting to have next year. So those 2 factors combined created about a $250 million impact year-over-year. In terms of restructuring costs and the like, well, we haven't provided guidance on that. The cash impact of restructuring cost is probably not going to be significantly different than it was this past year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Bob, we've not given any guidance on that. I will tell you though that the OralDNA sale that did close very modest proceeds from that. And, obviously, since we are in discussions around HemoCue right now, we're not providing any estimate as to what the estimated proceeds might be there. What you also heard us say at Investor Day though is we were evaluating the entire portfolio, that includes the other products businesses, the Celera products businesses. And as we referenced earlier on this call, we are evaluating all of our options for the Celera drug assets as well.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Bob, as you did see, we recorded a charge in discontinued operations. So clearly, we're not expecting proceeds from those businesses, which will match what we paid up for them. But again, at this point, I don't think it would do any of us here a service by speculating what we might get at this point.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Bob, there's 2 things, principally, that are driving the increase. The first and the biggest component is the spending relative to Invigorate, which we expect to ramp up as we start to now rationalize and optimize the footprint, look more at automation opportunities, et cetera. That is ramping up this year end. And in addition, in connection with the UMass transaction, we are building out the facility that we're going to move into. And that's adding some additional expenditures. Those are the 2 principal drivers.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, what we said at Investor Day's for the next several years we expect that CapEx will probably be about 1% of revenues higher than it has historically run, and we expect that to be the case for the next couple of years or so.
Robert A. Hagemann: And as -- Yes, we've shared with you already too, but yes, we are organizing around certain franchises, disease states. You might think of them as your neurology infections disease, cancer and cardiovascular disease, women's health, general health. And we believe that we'll be able to drive growth in each of those. A lot of it will be in the esoteric testing side, but there's also some areas that we expect to regain some traction on women's health in area in particular that we would expect that we can see improved performance versus what we've seen over the last year or so.
Robert A. Hagemann: That is correct, Gary. It was a product business and it was included in what we previously referred to as our nonclinical testing segment, which today is called Diagnostic Solutions or DS. So it didn't impact any of those other metrics that you saw, volumes or revenue per work [ph].
Robert A. Hagemann: Well we certainly do anticipate doing share repurchases. And as I said earlier, I'd expect that it's going to be greater than the level that we did in 2012, given that the delevering is behind us at this point, although we haven't given specific guidance on that. But the other thing I would mention to you is while we've not provided guidance relative to the operating income percentage, given that we're expecting 3% reimbursement pressure next year, much of the Invigorate savings is going to mitigate that at this point. And you shouldn't expect there to be significant expansion in margins next year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, let's not go to '14 at this point. We're not prepared to give guidance there, other than as you've heard us say, we are optimistic that we're going to see an uptick in volumes. And certainly, we expect that any incremental volume will start to realize in '14 given what we have done for the cost structure, can be very profitable.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, this year, there's only one national contract that's coming up. We've mentioned that CIGNA is the one national that's coming up. Every year, we always have regional plans that are coming up that we're dealing with, but just the one single national contract this year.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, I appreciate that. So first of all, what we shared at Investor Day is we believe retrospectively is this market has been growing around 4%. Now that is a discussion around where the volume is going and some of the volume being picked up by hospitals and their outreach activities and they're picking up volume, but also picking up value share in the marketplace. But we have been not growing at that market rate, so what we have said is we've lost share and therefore, what we're doing with restore growth is to start by improving our performance and growing the business and getting back to growing with the marketplace. With that said, what we saw on the fourth quarter is continued sluggish market conditions. We did not see an improvement in volumes and actually, independent of Sandy, it continued throughout the quarter as we saw in Q3 as well. So we don't see a big change in that so far. Prospectively, we believe this is a good market. Again, we say the market will grow at 4% going forward. We believe there will be a pickup in the market size in 2014 with the Affordable Care Act kicking in. But in the short run, given what we saw in Q3 and Q4, we are anticipating that will gradually improve going into next year, but we don't see significant changes in the market going forward.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, so let me start, and I'll turn it to Bob as well. And we shared why do we believe it's going to be back-end loaded. Well, first of all, is we do have a number of programs that we have initiated in 2012 that are gaining momentum, and we believe we'll have the most material impact 2013 in the second half. For instance, we are putting an emphasis on growing our hospital professional services business. We believe there will be volumes in the second half that we won't see in the first half. In addition to that, if you look at the comparisons versus last year, the first quarter of last year was strong. It's a tough compare. A matter of fact, there's 1% fewer workdays in the first quarter versus last year. Second is if you look at second half, we're coming off the second half that was softer. So it's a combination of our organic investments materializing in 2013 and also how the year lays out in 2013. So I'll turn it to Bob.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: So, thanks for the question. Yes, you're right. We did see growth in our hospital reference business and we're encouraged by that. I think it speaks volumes. We shared in our Investor Day that we have bought 50% of hospital contracts with us for their reference work and given that large share, what they give to us is the more esoteric testing. We see it's a trend that will continue, but also we're going to build on those relationships in more strategic discussion about where they're heading with their laboratory activities, including their reference testing, but also how we can have more value-added services provided to them after including taking on their outreach business. So that's our strategy, but we're going to build on that trend that you picked up in the details.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, first of all, we're not going to provide guidance on 2014, but we do see -- we do believe that there will be a pickup in the market and therefore we should be seeing a piece of that market. More helpful, Kevin, given what we're doing with restoring growth, as I said in my prepared remarks, we see 2013 as a year to get a lot of things working and a lot of things in place to be able to take advantage of that change in the marketplace. So we're not going to provide guidance on 2014, but we should see a pickup in the market and we should be in a very good place at that point to take advantage of it.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, as you pointed out, there's so many unknowns right now, and that's part of the challenge is, there's no question, there's going to be more volume. Question is what's going to be the insurance product for those volumes and how will we engage? States are still deciding what their plans are going to be. So there's a lot of moving pieces of this as it unfolds as you know. So we believe, as we said in the past, is the Affordable Care Act will be a net positive for this industry and for us. We think we'll be in much better place to take advantage of it in 2014 than we were in 2012 with all the work we're doing. So we'll be actively engaged in the marketplace and stay close to it and take advantage of whatever way it shapes out.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. So the answer to your question is yes, it is picking up. As we have said in the fall and it continues to be growing trend, we're having more and more conversations about what will happen in the future and how hospital systems, as they, by physicians will work with us. We talked earlier in this call about reference testing. We talked about more value-added services. Our engagement with integrated delivery networks and they're thinking through how they'll work with us going forward has increased considerably from prior year. So the trying continues.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, if you look historically at our cash balance, it's probably ranged between $100 million and $150 million or so.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: So our guidance includes UMass and also includes anything else we might have in the year. As we shared, as part of our strategy, we do believe this is an opportunity to continue to look at fold-in acquisitions. And as you would expect, as we deploy our strategy, we're looking at those, and so we have an active funnel. So the guidance includes those as well.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: The answer to the question is yes. If you go through the math, we do have headwinds with the 3% we have shared. That price pressure, we have to offset with our cost-improvement programs. And fortunately, we're in good shape. We exit the year at a nice momentum that will carry into 2013. With that said, if you go through the math, we are anticipating organic improvement and some of that, our quick organic improvement, will come from all the activities you've heard about with restore, what we're doing around bringing sales excellence to the company, making sure that we continue to capitalize on esoteric testing and building out our hospital's professional services. So we are planning on it.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, so first of all, the work is going to happen to understand what will happen around sequestration. And also, we are planning for that at our 3% reimbursement cuts that we plan on for this year. As far as copay, clearly, this is going to be a discussion. It's hard to understand what might happen eventually. So it's not necessarily, in a detailed way, part of our guidance, but we'll be working through this and along with many others lobbying found that might fold out to the lab industry, but not quite clear yet.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: At least round that off, Lisa, because you asked about 1% to 2%. So 1% to 2% is our best estimate of what reimbursement pressure will be in 2015. Obviously, we have more of that in 2013, but the 1% to 2% assumes a mix of all reimbursement pressures, and so if there's something coming, that's in the number.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, it's both. First of all, this is a fee-for-service industry, and it will take time to move over to the accountable care model. As we've said in the past, and when you see one ACO, you see one ACO. The payments reform that's necessary to change how you think about cost and how we contribute to that is still evolving. So we have both discussions, one in today's world but also thinking about the future. So inform these relationships, they're thinking about us in the short run as well as the long run, and how this might play out, so -- but in the short run, people are thinking about today in the 2013, it is a fee-for-service world.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: And I wonder if I could just add to that. What we've said is that we have committed that we're going to have run rate savings of $600 million in 2014, realized $500 million. But what we've also said is that we have challenged organizations to give us more. And Bob, in his remarks, said that we've actually challenged the organization that eventually, like have $1 billion in our run rate. So we're doing everything we can to accelerate what we've committed to and also bring in some more. So I'll just leave that as a commentary related to the opportunity there.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Bob's just getting over the flu, as you can probably tell from his voice. So Bob, you answer the question.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, so what we have said is that we don't think significant -- we're not planning on significant changes in the marketplace in 2013, and that's our assumption in the guidance. The second is we do expect that there will be a pickup in 2014 with the lives entering the system with the Affordable Care Act. And so what we said earlier is we are planning on some organic improvement in 2013 to offset the price pressure. And we have a number of initiatives and programs that we started in 2012. So we do have momentum coming out of the blocks in 2013 that will pick up momentum throughout the year, and that's why we've said that we'll gradually improve throughout the year and better performance in the second half than in the first half. And then as we enter '14, we believe that we'll be in much better shape than we were in 2012 and be able to hit 2014 with a better organization, a better delivery model and a better way to capitalize all the opportunity we see in the industry.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Some pieces of the services that we'll offer some portion of their services to us in the short run as we build that client base.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Just to give some color on the 3%, the Medicare piece, we do have a large pathology business. So it has more significant impact to us than maybe some of the other players in the industry. So that is in the number.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: I just like to add, as we continue to get some refinement on our Invigorate program, we shared in the past there's a number of initiatives that were taking cost out of the operation from, but the longer-term structural improvement will require investment in the future. We haven't exactly sized that, so we want to make sure that it's clear that we will continue to invest in the business to make sure that this is a stronger business. And as we push to get more in from our Invigorate program, strive for that $1 billion goal, it will require some investments in our facilities and also our IT systems, and that's what we're trying to size. When we get visibility of it, we'll provide it to you.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. Well, first of all, it's early, so the market is digesting the cuts, clearly, as a significant cut for that service. It's on the technical side. So you put the typical side together with the professional side, it's not big as a cup, but it's a material change for that portion of the marketplace. So we're watching. We're not sure how it's going to pan out, but you can't ignore it. So we're anxious to see how it will wash through, given we are a significant player, and that there will be some change happening in the marketplace, so we're keeping our eyes on it.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: And what we said is that our earnings growth will be a combination of operating improvements, as well as share repurchase.
Kevin K. Ellich: Steve, your comments on the Affordable Care Act having a lift on volume in 2014, I was wondering what's your thoughts on what the impact on revenues will be with the Affordable Care Act in 2014.
Kevin K. Ellich: Sure, that makes sense. And then I'm not sure if you guys have provided much detail behind the UMass deal, but I was just wondering what's embedded in your guidance for any volume pickup that you'll see from that relationship.
Kevin K. Ellich: Okay. And then lastly, kind of more big picture, Steve, with the hospitals taking some share as they have made more acquisitions of physician practices, just wondering have your efforts picked up with any of the managed-care companies or with the industry to try to shift some of that volume out of the hospitals and outreach programs to lower cost settings such as yourself.
