Kathleen Valentine: Thank you, and good morning. I am here with Surya Mohapatra, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Hagemann, our Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include, but are not limited to, those described in Quest Diagnostics' 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K and current reports on Form 8-K. A copy of our earnings press release is available, and the text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the Investor Relations Quarterly Update section of our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now, here is Surya Mohapatra.
Kathleen Valentine: If you recall, I mean, last year, we did call out that the first quarter in 2011, we did have the benefit of an extra day as a result of how the New Year's holiday had fallen.
Kathleen Valentine: Ralph, what they're doing is they're implementing policies. So they're notifying their providers of policies and as we alluded, in some cases the actions that, and the policies that the health plan has implemented is, they notify physicians that they'll be denying reimbursement for this discrete range of CPT codes, pathology testing CPT codes when they're performed, when the claim is submitted from a physician office setting.
Kathleen Valentine: Bill, one other comment is when you look at going back to 2010, if you recall, what also impacted our revenue per rec was the change in business mix, that's when we saw kind of the significant step down in anatomic pathology revenues, which carries a higher revenue per requisition and that decline put pressure on revenue per requisition and we also saw a step-up in drugs of abuse testing. So you had some business mix impacting revenue per rec trends back then.
Robert A. Hagemann: Adam, as generally the first quarter is the lowest margin percentage of the year, bad debt tends to be the highest as a result of the higher patient responsibility for co-pays and deductibles. The volumes tend to be softer than the latter quarters. And as we saw last year, margins continued to improve as we went through the year. We're expecting the same thing this year. And if you look at the adjusted margins, they did expand from a year ago on what's relatively modest underlying organic growth. I think we've mentioned in the past that generally we need about 2% organic growth in order to hold margins and offset the inflation that we've got to the cost base and that this year the margin expansion that we are expecting, given that we're expecting pretty modest organic growth, is really coming from the cost reduction program. And as we progress through the year, we expect to see more benefits from that and we also expect that we'll continue to expand the margins as the year progresses. Remember too, as I pointed out in the script, margins, the adjusted margins were depressed by about 50 basis points or so this quarter because of a legal settlement and because of the adjustment assets in deferred compensation plans.
Robert A. Hagemann: It's a question a few people have asked, and maybe we should have been proactive in addressing it. But the answer is no. If you look at the way the New Year's holiday fell, this year the New Year's holiday fell in January, whereas the prior year, it actually fell on December 31 and didn't impact the quarter. So that's really what's offsetting the benefit of leap year this year.
Robert A. Hagemann: As you can imagine, Dane, whatever model you're using is pretty sensitive to just minor changes in revenue or just a few basis points in operating income. And we have provided a range for revenue. We've indicated approximately 18% in operating income, which means that it could be slightly below that at the low-end of the range. And as you noted, we're not necessarily expecting the weighted average shares outstanding to be significantly different from last year. We are doing some share repurchases this year, but a little more modest than we would otherwise, because of the delevering that's going on.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, Lisa, as you think about our outlook for the back half of the year, there's really nothing fundamentally that's changed there. As you know, we're going to have the acquisitions essentially anniversaried in the second quarter. And when you look at the underlying organic growth adjusted for weather and all the noise that's in there, it was around 1% or so this quarter. We're expecting that over the course of the rest of the year. As you look out at physician office visits and you see how they performed this quarter, it indicates that the market continues to be soft. So we're not necessarily expecting the market to pick up significantly as the year progresses. We're expecting it to remain soft, and that's what's built into our guidance at this point.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, I think it's no surprise that we continue to see pressure on reimbursement. We expect that to continue for the foreseeable future. And that's frankly one of the motivations behind us reducing costs and launching the program that we did. But despite that, we are indicating that we expect margins can expand this year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Correct. That's when the holiday was celebrated. It was in January whereas in the prior year, the holiday was actually celebrated in December.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, there are no national contracts that are up this year. We do have one up in 2013. And we always have contracts, smaller contracts coming up in any given year. But as I said, none of the big national ones are up for renewal. With that said, we're always having conversations with the plans, regardless of whether or not contracts are up. And as I said earlier, I expect that reimbursement will continue to be under pressure, particularly from the health plans. But on the flip side, I think we're making more progress in working with the health plans in driving more work to us to lower-cost in-network providers like ourselves. So hopefully that will be one of the ways that we're able to mitigate some of the continued price pressure, along with what we're doing on the cost side.
Robert A. Hagemann: The acquisitions did add in excess of 2% to revenue per requisition, driving the vast majority of the increase there.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, and Tom, I detailed all of these last quarter. But yes, as a reminder, some of the things that we're working on certainly on the client support side, which include customer service and billing include the leveraging technology to eliminate manual work. We're implementing more self-service for customers, allowing them to supply insurance information, make payments online, check bill status, get test results which, at the end of the day, the more that can be done online, the more efficient it is for us because we're not handling all of those calls. On the procurement and supply chain side, we talked about further consolidating suppliers, rationalizing SKUs. Examples that we gave there were reducing the number of choices for gloves, specimen bags, labels, urine collection cups, et cetera. All of those things are in process at this point. On the SG&A side, we talked about flattening the organization structure, simplifying some management processes and beginning to centralize certain activities and consider outsourcing others. And then on the IT side, we talked about moving our connectivity solutions to ones that will not require hardware that we'll need to service in the field, it makes the installation more efficient and it makes the cost of servicing that connectivity a lot less expensive over time. And then we talked about things that obviously are not yet impacting this quarter like the labs and specimen acquisition as we start to look at the lab footprint capacity utilization, automation being further leveraged in the labs and the like.
Robert A. Hagemann: Sure. One was legal settlement that cost us about $5 million and that impacted margins. And then we've talked about this in the past as well, but not recently, and that is the assets in our supplemental deferred compensation plan. The gains and losses on those show up below the line in Other Income Expense. And to the degree it's a gain, that gain shows up below the line, but the offsetting charge shows up above that line as an increase to compensation cost. It's a quirk in the way the accounting works. And given that the market had a very strong return in the first quarter, it really accentuated that in our results this quarter.
Robert A. Hagemann: Correct, if you want it to. Unfortunately, sometimes those do happen and we decided that it was not unusual enough to call out for purposes of adjusted EPS.
Robert A. Hagemann: Actually, a little more than that, it's about $10 million in total or about 50 basis points. So closer to $0.04...
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Ralph, as you know, we don't give guidance for the components of revenue growth or the revenue per acquisition or volume. But yes, implied in our guidance for the remainder of the year is about 1% organic revenue growth.
Robert A. Hagemann: We don't break that out specifically on a quarterly basis but yes, as you heard in the prepared remarks, it did continue to be under pressure. It was below the prior year, but that impact is starting to moderate. So it's not as severe as it was.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Ralph, it is multiple health plans that are implementing these changes and hopefully now with the health affairs report being out, it will prompt others to consider changes. And frankly, I think those changes have been contributing to the moderation of the insourcing.
Robert A. Hagemann: Certainly, yes, if their network is narrowed, that's going to be a benefit for us. And there is nothing that Genzyme's doing that we can't offer today and don't offer.
Robert A. Hagemann: Bill, you have to understand that SureSwab was introduced just recently last year. So we're operating off a relatively small base. But the point is yes, it's a test that's getting some good traction here.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, well, one of the things you need to consider is the impact of the acquisitions that we did. And I think I was mentioning this several times last year. The Athena and Celera acquisitions had a very positive impact to cost of sales, but increased the SG&A percentage just because of the businesses and the way that they operate. And you're going to see that SG&A impact as well as that cost of sales impact anniversary next quarter. But that was driving changes in both of those metrics.
Robert A. Hagemann: Bill, as I think about it, it's a very difficult pricing environment today. I don't expect that to abate and in fact, as I've listened to other healthcare providers yes, I'm consistently hearing the same thing, that reimbursement pressure has ratcheted up and most expected to stay something that is under significant pressure as we go forward. Employers are looking for ways to reduce costs, health costs, healthcare costs are a significant piece of that. They're, in turn, putting pressure on their payers who are in turn putting pressure on providers. And we don't see that abating anytime soon.
Robert A. Hagemann: Bill, again, I would tell you that yes, we continue to see pressure. We're going to do what we think is appropriate to maintain access here, provide competitive pricing. And I'm not going to get into specifics about what we may or may not do on a particular contract, though.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, remember, S.E.D. obviously is included in that number, but it's relatively small. We're talking $20 million to $25 million in revenue for S.E.D. So when I talk about organic revenue growth, with or without S.E.D., it's still about 1%.
Robert A. Hagemann: Darren, I would tell you that there's no specific trend or development that we're seeing there. In each case, we evaluate what's required market-by-market and respond to that accordingly.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well certainly, as we think about hospitals, they're going to continue to be important customers for us. And hospitals are going through some significant changes themselves. In many cases, they're evaluating whether or not they want to continue to be in the lab business and as we saw with S.E.D., they concluded that, that was something that was not strategic to them and that it's better left to someone that's got more experience in that area, particularly given the fact that as a hospital, I think they saw the reimbursement pressure coming, knowing that some of the pricing differentials that exist today may not exist in the future. And as such, it will be very difficult for them to maintain their margins given that their cost structure was higher than ours. I'm hopeful that we'll see more of that as we go forward. There are cases, as you know, where we do have joint ventures in certain markets. I would tell you that joint ventures are not necessarily a strategy. Again, it's something that's driven by the circumstances in that marketplace, the partner that you're talking to. But I do think that there are opportunities for us to work more closely with hospitals, whether it be lab management agreements, acquiring their outreach business, potentially joint venturing with them. But each market is a little different, each hospital thinks about the way they're going to execute their strategy a little differently. And I think we need to be flexible in each of those cases and will be. But rest assured that the hospital market is important to us, and we expect to continue growing there. A lot of our growth actually on the esoteric testing business is coming from sales to hospitals.
Robert A. Hagemann: It always has, yes, whether or not includes -- it's tough to say whether or not it includes more. It's a pretty dynamic pipeline all the time. But yes, I'm hopeful that we'll see more of those opportunities. As you know, they're -- I think of them as fold-ins, we get to take a book of business, fold it into our existing infrastructure; we can do that very well. You tend to get good incremental margins on those types of things and effectively further strengthen the distribution network that you've got. So certainly to the degree that they're available, we will look at them. At this point though, I wouldn't tell you that there's a lot of them in the pipeline or any more than we would typically have. But hopefully, we'll see more as we go forward.
Robert A. Hagemann: Ricky, very little of our business automatically adjusts with, very little of our commercial business automatically adjusts with changes in the Medicare fee schedule. As you know, though, it's used as a reference point in negotiating contracts. So that doesn't necessarily help us when we see Medicare reimbursement reduced, but it doesn't necessarily automatically trigger a lot of changes in our commercial contracts.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, and Ricky, look, we've never gotten into the business of giving guidance for cost of sales and SG&A. We operate the business, then manage the operating margin. And in some cases, we spend in one area to further reduce costs in another area. But what you should expect is that both the cost of sales line and the SG&A line over time will be favorably impacted they what we're doing here.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, I think we have to be responsive to what our customers are looking for, and we're always having dialogues with them and I wouldn't rule anything out in that regard. But I'm not going to specifically comment on it.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well again, we tried to break out a lot of this in the prepared remarks. The acquisitions now include the benefit of S.E.D., which we did not have in previous quarters. And as you saw, both Celera and Athena were contributing in excess of 2% previously. So that's really the difference now is that we have S.E.D. in the results. And then the other thing that we pointed out was the benefit of weather in the year-over-year comparisons.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, nothing specific. We looked at the level of spending in the first quarter and revisited the plans that we have for the remainder of the year. And all of the programs that we planned we're continuing to move forward with. It looks like some of them, though, will just get started a little later. But it will have no impact on what we expect in terms of the cost-reduction program.
Robert A. Hagemann: We have not, and that 20% is really a run rate as we exit the year, that's how we've talked about the $500 million that -- it'll be a run rate as we exit 2014. So as you'd expect, it ramps up this year. And it ramps up more slowly than it will in '13 and '14, and '13 and '14 is really where we start to see the more significant benefits from that.
Robert A. Hagemann: As we've indicated earlier, generally we think about needing 2% organic revenue growth for us to be able to hold margins and offset the inflationary cost that we have in our cost structure. Half of that being salaries, wages and benefits which generally going up around 3% a year. And the expansion that we're expecting now is really coming from the cost-reduction and hopefully as we get into the out years and we start to see some pickup in the market, we can see further expansion and the acceleration at that point. But the cost-reduction program will allow us to expand margins in this sort of tough market that we're in right now. And that's essentially what you see in the guidance that we put out there for 2012.
Robert A. Hagemann: Gary, I -- we don't give that kind of guidance at this point. And yes, as I told you, we don't give it in terms of dollars or percentages for cost of sales or SG&A. And yes, I'd encourage you to think about it more as margins. As I said earlier, often some levers that we're pulling impact cost of sales or SG&A, but we see benefits show up in the other line.
Robert A. Hagemann: There's probably about $5 million in each the cost of sales line and the SG&A line this quarter that are somewhat unusual, but not big enough for us to include in the adjusted results.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Sure, Adam. First of all, Steve Rusckowski is a veteran of healthcare industry and he is not new to what is important for patients and for payers and also for providers. So we are really excited to have him lead this company. I have had a number of discussions with him. He is -- we are helping him to get some material, as much as he can read, before he comes to the company. He still has to finish his jobs, but I am very pleased with his knowledge and also his engagement so far. So I think the transition is going to go very smoothly, and I will be here until April 30, the last day, and he will join on May 1, the first day of his, rest of his career.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, I can tell you that there is no one-to-one correlation about physician office visits and laboratory testing. But having said that, there's 100 million people in the United States suffer from chronic disease and 40 million people are suffering from more than 3. And as you said, we invested quite a bit of time and money in training and creating an effective sales force. And what we are seeing that we are gaining in ground in women's health and some routine testing that goes along with esoteric testings and so all parts of our business are growing, and that's actually an early indicator of the investment we have put in sales and marketing.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Again, it's a little too early to say, but my feeling is that usually we consider diagnostic testing is a very safe industry unlike Pharma and devices where things can go wrong. This is the safe investment for the investor, because it's very steady. So the market need to grow 4% to 6% a year, 2% to 3% in price and 2% to 3% in volume, but over the last couple of years, my feeling is and what we see is falling flat of 1%. So in some areas, in new areas, expanding areas like esoteric and gene-based testing, I think the -- we are developing market, and market is growing in some areas we are -- started to gain some market share.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well you know, Ralph, first of all, any changes, that will take some time. But we are very encouraged because the Health Affairs article really show something so critical that the people who have a financial interest, they're billing Medicare more, 72%, and they're finding less cancers. But apart from that, there are lots of effects on patients. So obviously, the plans are very focused on these things. Some plans are denying reimbursement. Some plans are reducing reimbursement. And some plans are asking the laboratory to be clear and approved or CAP accredited. So these are all good things for the patients and good thing for AP business, and we are very encouraged. I for one know that you cannot do cancer testing without anatomic pathology. And this is not going to be long before there is potential that this trend will be reversed.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Some of the [indiscernible] are particularly saying that they will not accept results from the labs which are not CAP accredited.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, you know, Gary, first of all, as we said that we don't -- Athena and Celera, the special sales force, and there is no chain there. But the important thing is that we take some products, like SMA, and it is sold through our physician sales channel and hospital sales channels so that we are seeing more traction in SMA. And also, it's now almost 12 to 18 months since we started investing and training our salespeople in physician sales and it's difficult in the beginning, but I'm very pleased to say that we really have a stable sales force and they're trained and they are very focused on some areas like Women's Health, prescription drug monitoring, and we are seeing results.
Surya N. Mohapatra: We really don't break it down that way. And also, it's going to be very difficult because we integrate some of this business. So the way to look at it going forward, we have these 4 pillars, cancer, cardiovascular disease, infectious disease and neurology, they will have their special sales force, but we also have 2 channels, actually 3: Physicians, hospitals and international. And we want to maximize our distribution channel depending on where the products are coming from, but it's going to be difficult for us to really exactly break down how much is coming from physicians and how much is coming directly Athena.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, you know in closing, I want to say again that it has been an honor and a privilege to serve as President, CEO and Chairman of Quest Diagnostics. This is truly a great company with dedicated people who always put patients first, a strong management team and a very bright future. I look forward to following its progress in the years to come. And as regards to you, ladies and gentlemen, I've always appreciated your probing questions and industry insights and I will miss our interactions. Thank you, and goodbye.
