Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, well, thank you, Amanda. First of all, Restore has 3 priorities for this year. We've laid it out in our strategy. We have 7 platforms that we need to invest in over the long term to restore growth, but 3 specific priorities for this year: first is to bring sales excellence to the company; second is to really take advantage of our strong position in the advanced and esoteric testing and build on that this year; and then third is to really propel our belief that professional lab services could provide a new opportunity for us. And we see yet another example with Dignity this quarter that an integrated delivery network on the West Coast has agreed to sell certain assets to us in their outreach activity. But related to the first piece of Restore, which is our sales excellence, I've said in my opening comments that we did excellent progress. In the fall last year, we put together a different organizational structure. That organizational structure included consolidating our 6 sales forces into 1. We brought in a new sales leader, Everett Cunningham. Many of you met him at our Investor Day. We went through the organizational design. As I said in my introductory comments, we've filled now virtually every management position. We've made sure that every sales rep had clear accountability for their assignments going forward. We had to make some changes with customer accounts. We did that in an orderly fashion. But I can also share with you that we were very careful to make sure that if, in fact, there were some customer concerns, we, of course, corrected those at a detailed account level. And then we held our first-ever National Sales Meeting to kick all this off in February. And then in April, this April, we introduced a new simplified compensation system that went into effect. So we're off and running with a better sales force than ever before. We have more sales people than we've ever had within Quest. We have a better structure. I mentioned that I spent considerable amount of time with sales reps and with customers to see how it is going. And I can assure you, based upon my travels, I have confidence in the new structure we've put in place, the new systems we've put in place and in the new compensation system we've put in place and also the tools that we've equipped our sales force with. They're quite motivated and engaged. That's one point of restoring growth. The second is around esoteric testing and also taking advantage of our science and innovation and building on that trend we see in the industry. Another part of our organizational change is we've created a new clinical franchise organization. We've put together 7 clinical franchises. We will be managing that underneath Cathy Doherty for 6, and the 7th will be managed by Jon Cohen, 2 senior members of my management team. Cathy and Jon have made excellent progress pulling together the alignment of what's needed to really drive that science and innovation into the market in a much more aggressive way than ever before. And so we feel good about the progress on that. And then finally is to build a professional services organization to sell laboratory professional services. As you recall, we think we could leverage the strong presence we have in hospital accounts today with reference business. We believe we can bring that up and provide a whole range of services up until including the acquisition of outreach businesses. And so those 2 parts of our strategy, growing our esoteric advanced testing business, as well as our services business, will build throughout the year. And so we do believe that in the second half, we'll see some of the benefits from those investments as those programs gain some traction. And also, as I said, we really started to reorganize our sales force last fall. That's been snapped into place. New leadership is in place, sales reps are assigned, and they're off and running. So that is all to plan, and now it's all about execution, and we do expect to gradually see improvement throughout the year, as we said coming out of last year. So I don't know if there's any more questions about that.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, Amanda, it's hard to get information that you can see there's any change yet. What I can say, it feels like the market is about what we saw in the second half of last year. That's continuing into the first quarter. As Bob said, we had a tough compare. We don't have good data on what's going on with the competition yet. And we don't see a substantial change of what's happening with what we call the hospitalization effort that's -- that has an effect -- that has had an effect on our market. So overall, we don't see a material change in the first quarter from what we think we're doing in the market. We've put in place our 3 initiatives this year to restore growth. We think we've made good progress, but it's too early to say that we've started to see the gradual improvement we've expected for. So overall, not much to comment on yet based upon our performance in the market because we just don't have the data.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: It's the only national. As you know, we have hundreds of contracts, but that's the one that's notable.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: No, what you have seen between UMass and now Dignity are 2 good examples of more opportunities that we see to build on our focus on Diagnostic Information Services. We believe that this marketplace we'll continue to evaluate what is strategic and what's not strategic, particularly for integrated delivery networks. Again, as I said in the past, as in my prepared remarks, many hospital CEOs are considering their options, and we're actively in discussions. So you'll see more of what you have seen so far as we go forward. That's what we mean by tuck-ins and strategically aligned.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Sure. Thanks, Lisa. Well, first of all, we continue to believe that the Affordable Care Act will be a net positive for us going forward. And as we all know, 2014 is an important year, where some of the new lives will start to enter the system. And we believe that when we have new lives in the system, that they're going to be what we do, and that will be net positive for this industry but also net positive for us. I could share with you that we're actively in discussions with all the health insurance companies, integrated delivery networks. Everyone's working through how they'll be engaged in this new system as we go forward. And related to that, yes, there is discussions around different networks and more closed networks. And we're actively in discussions of how we can participate in those. So the best way to describe it, Lisa, is there's a lot of activity going on right now. We do believe, again, it's net positive for us as it all sorts out. There will be more lives, that's good for us, and the exchanges will be a part of that.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, I mean, as you would expect, it's -- with those organizations that we have strong relationships with, we'll build on those relationships. My commentary about bringing sales excellence to Quest, we have strengthened our health plan organization. But also, what we've improved on is total engagement with health plans, starting with me. I'll share with you that I've, firstly, been engaged with many -- in many conversations with CEOs and talking through what's happening with their business and what will happen with the exchanges. So we'll build on those relationships as we go forward. And you asked about timing. As I said, this is happening this year. Hopefully, when we get into the second half, we might have a little more color on this, we can give you more transparency of what that could mean for 2014. It's still very early to provide any of that because it is happening as we speak.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, the 1% to 2% is what we're looking at for price erosion. That's past 2013 if we've modeled out what we think will happen on the commercial side and also what we know will happen on Medicare so far, and that's what's in the number.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Sure, sure, thanks, Tom. Well, we had a sales force that didn't have some of the contemporary tools that contemporary sales forces have today. So we've put in place a new CRM with the salesforce.com. We have a sales engagement tool called SAVO. We've put both in place. We also equipped them with contemporary devices. So we gave them each an iPad. And the reason for this is to make sure that we really take advantage of the collaboration that we need with the new environment we see going forward in health care. And as I mentioned in my comments, we're actually seeing some of this. When I've been out in the field, sales reps are seeing the advantages of being in all their different specialties and bringing in what we could do with pathology, what we could do with neurology, what we do with cardiology and taking advantage of that and also seeing the advantages of leveraging our enterprise-wide presence with integrated delivery networks. And to make all that happen, you need to have contemporary tools. So that's what we meant by that comment.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: If you recall, Gary, we said 3% for the full year. And so what you saw in the first quarter is what we expected, to Bob's comment, and it will feather down as we go throughout the year, as we said.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Just as we said in our commentary, when we kicked off our restore initiative, it will take time. It's always challenging to grow the top line. It will take time to build out the momentum that we see and that we've put in place and the investments we're making. And we believe that we will get gradual improvement over time. And so it's very important that this year, we have 2 priorities: one is driving operational excellence; and the second is restoring growth. And so what you see in the first quarter is we have taken costs out of this business. We will continue to do that. We have a challenging goal to get to the $600 million run rate savings in 2014. But as you recall, we also challenged the organization. We're still working on that challenge as we want more than $600 million and sooner. And so we're working on additional savings to get us to a higher number, so we can drive that to the bottom line and build value. So in 2013, we need to deliver on those cost improvement initiatives and driving our operational excellence. And I want to make sure it's clear, we're also watching our customer service levels. We're watching the way we interact with our customers. We expect both. We expect to be more efficient, but we also expect to have a higher-quality, better-performing organization because there's a lot of different variables that go into decisions why customers do business with us. And we're not underestimating that impact on our business as well. So we're holding firm on making sure that we continue to improve our service levels, coupled with the efficiency gains. And as we make these investments and restore growth, we'll get that gradual improvement. You'll see some of that in the back half of the year, but that does take time. So if there's any challenge that I didn't foresee, I can say that I did -- we did believe it'll take some time, and it's turning out to take some time. So just reiterating that.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Glen, thanks for the question, I appreciate that. My comment about the comparison versus the second half, actually if you look at our first quarter volumes, they were up a little bit versus what we saw in the fourth quarter. Some of that you expect because of seasonality we typically get in Q1, but they were softer versus last year, and we went through the reasons for that based upon a difficult compare, the very strong year last year. But if you look at what we're assuming in our guidance going forward, we're not looking for a material change in the overall environment in the marketplace. And if you look at our second and third and fourth quarter of last year, and we did see some softening already in those quarters, so now, as we said in our comments about the easier compare, that's factored too into our discussion or in our guidance as well about the second half. So no material change in the environment going forward. So what we saw in the first quarter and what we saw in the second half of last year is what we expect to see going forward.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, we continue to be engaged with all our partners. Aetna is one of our strong partners. We are working with them proactively. And as you would expect, we're working on that integration plan with them. We're hopeful that we could pick up some volume from that. But that's one of a number of initiatives that we're working on with Aetna, but we're doing the same with other partners as well.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, the discussion has started so it's too early to comment on whether that's going to hold. As you can imagine, the trade association and ourselves individually, as a company, is doing our share of talking to the right people in Washington. We believe that this industry has paid. You've seen it significantly this year, we've got 3% overall price erosion, and a large portion of that is related to our government business. So there is a proposal on the table, whether that will hold up or not after all the dust settles, is unclear at this time, but we'll continue to work it as we have worked it. And the position that the industry has taken is this is an industry that adds a lot of value to health care. We argue that the majority of healthcare decisions are made with the benefits of what we do. Some people estimate that to be 70% of healthcare decisions. And 3% of the costs, we have had significant cuts so far. We also had the pathology cut this year. So we're making sure that Washington and the policymakers hear that. We will continue to do that, and we'll see what happens as time goes on.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, thanks, Darren. It is building. And it is building actually faster than what I have anticipated. I've shared with you all that I've done a number of sales calls. Even last week, myself and Everett Cunningham went to visit the hospital system in New England, and they're contemplating what they do going forward with Diagnostic Information Services, and they're thinking about how they can work with us. We have that as one opportunity just as an example of -- this is happening at a very rapid pace. So that call just came in about 2 weeks ago, and we followed up on it. That's one of many examples. There's a lot of interest on what we've done so far. We're building a reputation of having a capability to do this. We wanted to use UMass and now Dignity as great examples of where we can buy an outreach business. But also we have other ways of working with integrated delivery networks. So what we can see so far, Darren, is I think our reputation is building, I think the activity level is better than I expected, and I am encouraged by it.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, first of all, let me tell you that Bob will comment on the adjusted SG&A, and a portion of what we've mentioned that we enjoyed in the quarter is the benefits of the Invigorate. And we're pleased with the progress that we saw in Q1, and it allowed us to mitigate some of the softness that we saw from the bottom line because at the top line, some portion of that Invigorate savings does hit G&A but also hits our selling costs as well. And what you're probably looking at is the total reported numbers and there were some onetime restructuring charges in that number. So Bob, how would you like to give them a little more transparency of our progression of expenses because the trend line is good.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, the $600 million is run rate as we exit 2014, and $500 million is realized in that period, 2014. So [indiscernible].
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Thank you very much. Well, since I think we've answered most of your questions, we don't want to finish this call without acknowledging Bob. Bob doesn't expect this, but I'm going to do it anyhow. So I know many of you have commented, but I want to make sure that we recognize the critical role that Bob has played in building this company since he joined here in 1992, so a long time. As most of you know, this will be Bob's last call. But before Bob moves on, I wanted to make sure that all of us on this call, and I want to make sure that he hears it from me, and also, you hear it from me, that on behalf of the entire organization, we want to thank you for what you've done for this company, we want to thank you for all your contributions, and we wish you well in all your future endeavors. Bob, thank you very much.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Stephen, and this is what I tried to cover a little bit as we went through the guidance. And just to help people understand a little bit, I'll cover it again. But we talked about the first quarter being impacted by several things, which will either reverse or not recur as we get later in the year. Certainly, the days and the weather impact, which cost us about 2.5% in the quarter, we expect to have essentially a neutral impact for the full year. So you'll see that reversing over the back half of the year. Acquisitions, which contributed about 1% to revenues and volume in the first quarter, we're expecting to contribute about 1.5% for the full year. That's a combination of UMass, Dignity and other acquisitions that we intend to do and expect to do. That can actually even be a little more than 1.5% potentially. The revenue per requisition that was down 3.5% in the first quarter, we're expecting to be down about 3% for the full year. And again, that's as a result of roughly 1% of that year-over-year decline, is starting to anniversary in the back half of the year. And then the Diagnostic Solutions business, which we didn't talk about much but was down 2% in the first quarter, that's a business that we're expecting to have a positive -- or a group of businesses that we're expecting to have a positive contribution for the full year. So again, stronger performance there in the back half. When you look at all of that together, it implies that the underlying volume growth for the full year has got to be somewhere in the range of a little less than 1% to about 1%, and that compares to the negative 2% we saw in the first quarter. So Steve just took us through all of the reasons that we expect that underlying volume growth to improve over the course of the year, and that's how we thought about the year and piecing it together and how we get comfortable with the full year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Nothing specific with respect to the potential monetization of the Celera assets, although as we've said, we are actively exploring all of our options there. And that could present an additional opportunity for share repurchases beyond what we've contemplated so far.
Robert A. Hagemann: It's really later in the year. Certainly, all in the back half is where it anniversaries, Kevin. And that's principally associated with the commercial pricing changes.
Robert A. Hagemann: Right. And yes, as we said, coming into this year, we expected that Medicare reimbursement, exclusive of the pathology cuts, would cost us about 5% on the Medicare book of business or close to about 1% or so, almost $50 million. And then additionally, on top of that, the pathology codes are going to have a more significant impact on us than others because of the relative size of our pathology business. That, coupled with commercial price changes, is really what gets us to the 3% that we're estimating for the full year. And that's something that we feel as though we've got very good line of sight to at this point.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, we didn't give out components of it, Kevin, at this point. But you can clearly -- the Medicare fee schedule changes, aside from pathology, they're easily quantifiable. It's roughly 5% on $1 billion or so in revenues. Again, the pathology cuts are going to have a relatively significant impact to us because of the relative size of the business. And then the rest, really, is the commercial pricing.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, Lisa, what we said is it's going to be a $600 million run rate as we exit 2014 with $500 million in the P&L in '14. Where we're at, at the end of last year or where we were at the end of last year was $200 million in run rate savings, with $160 million through the P&L. And for this year, as we exit 2013, we're expecting to be about 2/3 of the way to that $600 million run rate savings. So -- and this is all off of a 2011 baseline. So obviously, it's ramping up as we progress throughout the year. We feel very good about the programs that we have in place. They're all building momentum at this point, and it's an area that we have a lot of confidence in.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, certainly, it ramps up as we go through the year. But this isn't something that we don't have good line of sight to. We have very good line of sight to it. There's a lot of momentum, as I said, around each of the initiatives, which are part of the program. But clearly, just as we saw last year, where we delivered more at the end of the year as we exited the year than we had in the first quarter, we expect the same sort of ramp-up this year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Tom, we're not expecting that pricing on the exchanges is going to be materially different than what we're seeing. In some cases, it might be a little lower. But what we've seen to-date is not materially different.
Robert A. Hagemann: It's a combination of things, certainly. I mean, it's the type of product they're offering, it's the way they're structuring the network, et cetera.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Tom, that is pure reimbursement or price, as you might think about it. The other dynamics that we've got, obviously, are test mix, which we'd expect will continue to be a favorable factor for us. And then the business mix always -- also factors in there.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, they're still in the 3- to 5-year range generally. I mean, there are some that are shorter, obviously, but we're looking generally at kind of the 3- to 5-year range for some of the larger ones.
Robert A. Hagemann: I would say we've got a reasonable visibility into some of that. But as you know, yes, every year, there's always contracts that are coming up.
Robert A. Hagemann: That was contemplated in the original guidance because, as you recall, coming into the year, we already had HemoCue listed as discontinued operations and had fully committed to the disposing of that business.
Robert A. Hagemann: It's not necessarily a function of Medicare, Gary. These are contract negotiations that we've had over the years, things that we've done to expand access and the like, lock-in certain contracts. And as we said, we expected it coming into the year. It's pretty much consistent with what our expectations were.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Gary, we didn't change the EPS guidance because we feel as though we've got good line of sight to the cost reduction efforts that we've got going on. As I said earlier, the momentum is building there. And while we did tweak the revenue guidance a little bit, it's not significant. Additionally, we feel as though we've got opportunities to deploy our cash more aggressively, and I cited some of those. So all in, we feel very comfortable keeping the EPS range where it was while still tweaking the top line a little bit.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Bob, just a few points on that. Yes, the debt has been reduced significantly from a year ago. You saw a modest tick-up of about $40 million or so in the first quarter. That's just seasonal working capital requirements there. Yes, with respect to the deal spending, Steve's articulated that a key element of our strategy, to deliver strategically aligned, accretive acquisitions, and when we laid out the criteria for those deals, one of them was improving ROIC. So it had to be accretive to our planned ROIC. In many cases, we're looking at mid-teens ROIC within 3 years on these transactions. So we don't see these as dilutive to ROIC, we see them as accretive. And then additionally, we are looking for opportunities to refocus the business and then take the proceeds from that refocusing and deploy it back to shareholders. You've seen that with HemoCue. We have additional opportunities as it relates to the Celera drug assets and the Celera products business. So there's a real focus on improving ROIC here. And I think we've shared with you in the past that management is heavily incented as part of our long-term incentives to drive improvements in ROIC. So I think you'll see a lot of discipline there, continued discipline.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, without projecting deal spending this year, certainly, the HemoCue transaction and the proceeds there will fund most, if not all, of any planned acquisitions we've got this year. And then on top of that, we've got additional opportunities for proceeds from the various Celera assets, the drug assets and the products business.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, and Isaac, let me, again, just take you through some of the pieces here. The comps do have a pretty significant impact in the back half of the year. That, plus the weather, impacted us by about 2.5% in the first quarter. It's going to be neutral for the full year, so that full amount anniversaries. As we said, we do expect there to be additional contributions from acquisitions. We've labeled that as about 1.5% for the full year, up from the 1% that we saw in Q1. And there's the potential for that 1.5% to be even a little higher than that. Revenue per req, we took you through portions of that, that anniversary. And I did mention earlier as well the Diagnostic Solutions business, which we expect to be a contributor to revenue growth in the back half of the year and positive for the full year as well. When you cut through all of that, clearly, it does mean that we're expecting improvement in underlying volumes. But for the full year, we're looking at something in the range of about 1 point or so in the underlying volume growth, and that compares to down 2% in the first quarter. So we are expecting a ramp-up. But for all the reasons Steve cited, we're pretty confident in that because we are seeing some building momentum there and expect to see the progress as -- mostly as we get into the second half of the year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, it's accommodation of a couple of things, obviously. In any time you're doing some modeling, you always have multiple levers here. And while we're estimating that revenues are going to approximate the prior year level, that means that it could be a little bit on each side of that. And certainly, if it's to the upside of that, that contributes to positive earnings. Certainly, some of the things that we've got going on with Invigorate can give us some uplift there as well. And then potentially, anything that we might do with additional share repurchases from proceeds from divestitures could give us some upside towards the end of that range.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Darren, when we speak about the drug assets, they are the assets that we acquired as part of the Celera transaction. Quest, prior to acquiring Celera, did really not have any assets like that. Celera had participated in the development of certain drugs: one of them, odanacatib, which is Merck's drug for osteoporosis; the other, ibrutinib, which is the drug that the joint venture of J&J and Pharmacyclics are taking through trials at this point. That's a cancer drug. It's one that, obviously, has a lot of excitement around it. But those are the 2 principal drugs that we're talking about that we have some royalty rights to.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes. Without giving -- attempting to necessarily give quarterly guidance here, the improvement that we expect in revenue per req or reimbursement is really in the back half of the year as something start to anniversary out. Yes, I wouldn't expect the year-over-year change in Q2 to be materially different than what we saw in Q1.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, and Gary, the SG&A line, G&A in particular, is where we're seeing a lot of the benefits of the management delayering and the like at this point. And when you look at SG&A as a percentage of revenues, it's down almost a full point versus...
Robert A. Hagemann: Adjusted from last year. And actually, on an absolute basis, it's down as well. So we can circle back to you and take you through the numbers, but both on an adjusted basis and a reported basis, it's down versus the prior year. And on an adjusted basis as a percentage of revenues, down pretty significantly.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, yes, when I took you through the analysis before, the -- when I spoke to underlying volume down about 2% versus the prior year, that's -- aside from reimbursement, yes, that's what we saw as the organic volume decline.
Robert A. Hagemann: We are not disclosing that, Gary. We typically have not on some of these fold-in deals, obviously, for competitive reasons and the like.
Robert A. Hagemann: Right. In many cases, it is routine testing. Yes, as we said earlier, we had several criteria that we use in evaluating each of these fold-in acquisitions. First is it's got to create real value for our shareholders. So as we look at the purchase price that we're paying versus what we expect the value to be on a discounted cash flow basis, there's got to be a substantial value created there. Additionally, as I said earlier on the call, we want all of these to be accretive to ROIC within a reasonable timeframe. And we want them to be accretive to earnings per share within 2 years in each case as well. So with that as the discipline that we go through, you should expect that the multiples that we're paying are very market-driven. Obviously, some of these are competitive situations; others are not. But really, the real value that's created in these fold-in deals is through the cost synergies. In many cases, we see that the hospital reimbursement is higher than us, and there's actually negative revenue synergy when we reprice a lot of that. But that is more than offset by the cost synergies that we realize because in most cases, and the Dignity deal is a good example, we're not really acquiring infrastructure, we're acquiring a book of business that we're running through our existing infrastructure, and that generates very strong incremental margins for us.
Robert A. Hagemann: No, and I'd be a little careful because sometimes you got reclasses between the taxes payable and the deferred taxes line. The actual change in tax payments -- total tax payments in the quarter was about $74 million versus the prior year, about, yes, $84 million in total tax payments in the quarter versus about $10 million last year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Thanks, Steve. It's been a real privilege to be the CFO for this company, and it's been exciting for me to be part of what we've become. And I'm -- as I've told people before, I'm very excited about the future of this company, and I'm going to be watching it. And it's been a real pleasure, and I thank everybody on the call for their remarks as well, much appreciated.
