Steve Rusckowski: So it sounds good. Well, on serology we are doing serology as we speak. We brought that up in April. We have in our outlook for the year some serology volume. What I will say is there is growing evidence of the value of serology. There has been some debate of the evidence that would suggest if you have the antibodies that, in fact, it provides the ability for a period of time. It is clear that people are starting to weigh in that, in fact, those antibodies do provide confidence that there will not be a re-infection. As that confidence builds and as we get into the fall and into next year, I do believe there will be a pickup in serology particularly as we start to think about who should get the vaccine and who should not get the vaccine. So I think some of that is in front of us, but we do have some of that in our outlook. As far as molecular testing and pooling in the numbers that I provided particularly getting to 150,000 per day in a couple of weeks, some portion of that will be driven by the opportunities we see with pooling. Some portion of that is also driven by adding new systems and new resources to increase our capacity. What I'll say is we're not stopping there. There's opportunities in front of us beyond that 150,000.
Steve Rusckowski: Sure. First, as far as demand, where is it coming from. In our prepared remarks, we took about the different elements of demand and what I'll share with you is that we have demand right now that is exceeding our capacity and we're doing what we can to obviously bring up the capacity. Also, we said in prepared remarks is working with our customers and clients on prioritizing those specimens that we're getting in to make sure we're testing the most urgent need in the country and we're making progress. As we bring up the capacity and we manage our demand over the next several weeks and get into August, we believe as we get through August and into September, we'll have a higher level of capacity, but also a higher level of demand and we'll be able to get to turnaround times that are in the acceptable levels that we've had in the past. So it's in front of us. We're working hard getting there and I think all elements that you described will allow us to be successful through the next several weeks. As far as demand, Steve, you talked about return to work programs. It's starting to come into our demand. We're managing it with employers. We also see in front of us the demand for return to universities and colleges. There'll be a lot of testing required in the month of August around that. We also see physicians bringing up their offices and more physicians are actually sending us persons that they've collected. So we see that adding to the demand. Then there has been broader access and broader availability of testing where people have now at access to asymptomatic testing and very convenient locations. Then I mentioned that our remarks the access we provided with CVS stores and also with Walmart has increased the demand. So, I would say across the board, it's growing in all areas. We do believe though as we get into the September months when we hope there is still a number of employers that are bringing employees back to the office or to work that we are going to be in a place where our capacity will meet the demand that we see in our funnels.
Steve Rusckowski: Ricky, on your question about next year and specifically the vaccine. So, first of all, we believe there will be COVID-19 testing next year in 2021. Second is, if we assume we'll have a vaccine next year or sometime, and you go back to what I said earlier about the role of serology and evaluating and prioritizing who should get the vaccine, we do believe there will be a role of testing in 2021 for us. Then finally, in terms of working with those that are developing the vaccine, we are actively in conversations of using our data in a productive way to recruit patients. Some of this is around the vaccine development but also using our data to help with the donation of plasma for the country. So, good use of our data, which is part of our strategy again for growth -- the user data, the smart way as a diagnostic information services provider to help with the pandemic.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, so let me start with pooling. So what you mentioned is true, that is, it's more beneficial in areas that have low prevalence. We've started to ramp up our capacity that will be driven for getting some nice boost in our capacity, which we're planning for, as I mentioned, to get to that 150 [ph] in a couple of weeks. So we're going to apply those concepts in our laboratory developed test locations and try to steer it towards the low prevalence areas to be able to get the best bang for the buck. So we'll push that and the multiplier is considerable when you have low prevalence, so that would be very helpful to bringing up our capacity. We'll keep on pushing on it. As far as testing for non-US geographies, frankly, we are focused entirely for all-intensive purposes on the US. We could consider it in 2021, but it's not in our plans right now and we haven't spent a lot of time thinking about it, as we sit here dealing with the pandemic in the US.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, well, obviously, this is beyond Quest Diagnostics and rationing or prioritizing who should get it first, and what's the progression and how you distribute it throughout the United States. But like with other vaccines, you'd like to get it to the higher-risk groups. And the higher risk groups are those groups that we actually tested initially, higher on the priority list for COVID testing. And so, those were with pre-existing conditions, over the age of 65, and obviously, people that have been compromised with other respiratory illnesses in the past. So independent of serology and antibody testing, my assumption would be those at-risk groups would be high on the priority list. And then, the second priority list would be everyone else. And if, in fact, you were to test positive for the antibodies, then my sense is there will be evidence at that point that will suggest that, in fact, you'll have immunity for a period of time. And the question will be, how much of this would be public policy versus independent choice of whether you want to have the vaccine or not. That's all speculative on my part, a lot to be determined. First of all, where the vaccine will come from, when it's going to be available, how much will the US get. And also, this is going to be I'm sure debated throughout the United States as we get into it.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, Matt. On return to work programs and university role of let's say point of care devices, we are looking at all those devices and where they can help us, particularly around surveillance. And what we're finding for the initial testing, if you will, the gold standard is the PCR test for like a diagnostic workup and then secondly is for serology or blood based test is the gold standard. The sensitivity and specificity of both those are the best. Still to this day, and there are few devices -- there are a few devices that are coming to the marketplace that are -- that are offering we think an opportunity for us to include that in our services that we provide to both employers and to universities, specifically. Some of the antigen devices are coming to the marketplace we're looking at, you know those devices and some of the sensitivity around 85% which is lower than our sensitivity but for surveillance and in combination with possibly serology and just overall biometric screening of some form, it could be a helpful set of tools for us to manage a population over time. So, we are thinking about how we'll include those in our services to employers and also to universities as they have surveillance for their populations going forward.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. Well, first of all, as I mentioned, on my earlier remarks, we are going to push it beyond 150. And we do see capacity -- excuse me do we do see demand going forward, that's going to be beyond 150. And we do believe we'll get to a point where our capacity will meet that demand. And so we will get there. We'll go beyond the 150. And the limiting factors are, you know, combination of machines. So getting, you know, the IVD test systems and laboratory test equipment, and particularly for laboratory developed tests. It's not just the platforms, the PCR platforms, but in our setup, you know, there's actually two other pieces that you need to consider. It's the extraction and then second is the liquid handling. And it's been some machine constraints on us for getting those systems to be able to bring up -- bring up more and more capacity, but we're working with all our suppliers to get as much as we can get to bring our capacity and take it beyond the 150. The second is just manpower. Yes, we're running 24x7. And as I mentioned in my remarks, you know, doing 8.5 million tests over the last four months, our teams are working nonstop. Remember, this is in our microbiology department that has gone from the backwater of the laboratory to front and center. And we have capacity limits around the people and those that are trained adequately to deliver on this. And then third is just, you know, physically we need to get, you know these systems in place, we need to have the adequate controls and training in place. And that just takes some time. And then fourth is, you know, the reagents. We are rate limited by how much juice we get to run all our different platform. And we're working with our suppliers and getting more. We have had some shortages with some of the suppliers and that has not helped our ability to deliver results. And so we're working actively to, you know, get them to, first of all, give us more and then secondly to be reliable, what they commit to delivering again. So now, I will also say that everyone is working incredibly well together, the IVD manufacturers working with the task force, White House working at future ideas of where we can get more capacity, we're all pushing hard to get more and more capacity. But to answer your question, those are the rate limiting factors around what we need to do to get beyond 150. But we will get it beyond 150. That's where we want to be to be able to meet the demand we see, particularly as we get into the late August, early September time.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, so, you know, Eric, I'm sure you can appreciate that, you know, it's not as if we have a point estimate, forecasts, you know, for every number within that range or even the high-end range, because we've got, you know, multiple factors that can move things material, you know, certainly as we mentioned, the base volume, decline or improvement relative to our assumptions is very material to the outcome. And then that PCR, you know, volume is very, very material, as well. And then finally, the reimbursement rate, you know, beyond the 90-day extension is very, very important. So, you know, there's multi variable so, you know, I really can't answer directly, but, you know, specific number because, you know, we're running scenario planning, but I would tell you that at this point, we have a significant reduction in Q4 demand to get to these guidance numbers. So it's not small, it's fairly significant. And again, not because we know that's what's going to happen, but just given the uncertainty of the volumes and the knowledge that the return to work and back to school volumes will largely be gone by Q4.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So, you know, think about, you know, the best is obviously the lowest and where we pool, and we could put four specimens in a well, you know, like quadruples, your throughput per batch, if you will, and if there is zero positives, then you get it all. Where you have positives within that run, you have to test those -- that whole well, and, you know, that obviously starts to eat into the productivity game. So, the best is lower than 2%. We actually have a number of states and geographies that are in that range. Actually, right now the Northeast is doing quite well. We hope that is sustained. And then, as you start to go up to high single digits, it starts to lose it's effectiveness because of all the retesting you need to do. So clearly, less than 5% is in the sweet spot, and greater than 5% starts to get marginally worth it. But we have plenty -- if we look at pooling; again, pooling is applied to our laboratory developed tests, it's a piece of our capacity, it's going to give us more capacity to get us to that 150, and also, we believe beyond. But we're not just doing pooling to get more capacity, we're adding new systems and processes and people everything we talked about earlier. So, it will give us some of the capacity but there's other things we're doing as well.
Steve Rusckowski: Okay. Well, we appreciate the time on the phone. We appreciate the extent of your interest in our business. And we hope you, like us, are appreciative of everyone at Quest and what we're doing, and we appreciate your support as well. So have a great day everybody.
Mark Guinan: I just would like to add in certainly, serology testing is meaningful and we shared in Steve's prepared remarks we've done 2.5 million. That's certainly meaningful. It's just different than molecular where the demand is exceeding our capacity. We had shared earlier that we had capacity of 200,000 serology tests a day with an expectation that demand could possibly be at that level. For various reasons, it's nowhere near that. But certainly, the amount of serology testing we're doing is very meaningful to Quest and is one of the offsets to the base business decline right now.
Mark Guinan: That's really formulaic approach. Cash collections are stronger as expected. We did have some delayed billing around COVID testing because the payers needed to update their systems and many of them needed 30 days or more to do that so we were holding on some billing, but I can assure you that at this point in terms of our reserves and our cash collections and everything we're very, very comfortable with where we're in our balance sheet. As you can see the operating cash flow was benefited from the CARES Act. $65 million was pretty strong year-over-year despite the depressed volumes revenues and earnings in the second quarter.
Mark Guinan: Sure. To answer your EBIT question about margin dropdown, Jack. As we've shared in the past in a short window, we are a highly fixed cost business on our base business, so generally any plus or minus will be 80% or so drop through. It's really supplies and reagents that are the variable costs. The most of it, everything from their logistics infrastructure to phlebotomy to even largely the labour in the laboratory in a window is fixed so variation, good or bad around the base business has a very high drop through. Although we certainly have good margins on our COVID testing there is more variable cost in the COVID testing so it's not quite as high a variable margin on any sort of plus or minus is from our base case, but still very attractive.
Mark Guinan: I'll let you handle the vaccine question, then I'll just talk about the assumptions. Ricky, I appreciate the question. If there is one thing that has been demonstrated over the last several months is we don't have the ability to predict some of these things so I don't think any of us here envisioned a 50% decline in our business in April even when the pandemic first started. Then on the other side, we didn't expect the fast recovery that we saw throughout May and June, given what had happened in April. So we want to recognize that some of these things are out of our control and we want to talk about some ranges of potential outcomes and how they might impact our financial results to take away a little bit and hopefully a large degree of that uncertainty, we've been living with over the last couple of months where people were wondering what might be happening at Quest. But when we talk about PCR molecular volumes falling off in Q4, it's not because we have a vision of that happening, but we had to make some assumptions in the guidance. Since that's several months away and we've shown that even a month or two in the future it's hard to predict that, we didn't expect the surge in June that happened. Therefore we're just being I think appropriately cautious and explaining what those assumptions are, so we don't have any sense that it will follow-up. I think all of us for society are hoping it will follow-up as the infection rate dampens but also note that some of the non-clinical work, the work we're doing for return-to-work for employers and students should be heavy in Q3 and some of that we might expect to step down in Q4. So, that is one driver that might lead you to believe that demand would dampen a little bit in Q4, but it's not as if we know how the virus is going to proceed and the infection rate and certainly some people would say that when we get the flu season, we might even have another spike. So we don't know but we wanted to be very clear around those assumptions.
Mark Guinan: Well, we laid out for you in pretty detailed fashion in the low end. So you can take a look at those assumptions. And,, you can have your own point of view, and that's why we wanted to be very, very clear about that assumption. So your notion that Q2 earnings were all pretty much in June is spot on. And the issue with multiplying that times six for the back half would be a couple things. One is our base business was down exiting the month high single digits of average 15 in June. And the question is, is that sustainable? We'll take a step back, we'll look at worse. We don't know. So certainly, if it were to improve, or were to hold for the whole six months, would say down 10% versus that 20% assumption on our floor, that would make a material difference for the business. And as I just described, at an 80% drop down, you can do some of the math, but our core business was about $2 billion on quarter before COVID. So you know, 1000 basis points is a pretty significant difference on revenue and OM. On the PCR, we shared that we're assuming the volumes dropped down in Q4, not because we have any foreknowledge, but because as I said, return to work and back to school will largely be behind us, and because we don't know. So we want to be cautious about putting on a guidance that counts on the level of PCR testing that at this point is unpredictable. Obviously, we go through Q3 and we get better knowledge towards Q4 and see a need to update that, we would do so. But, given how things have moved around, we want to be really careful. The other thing is, as I said, we fully expect, if we continue to have high levels of COVID and ease-of-testing [ph] that the Federal Emergency will continue, but because that's unpredictable, it could actually be revoked at any time. We want to be very careful about assumptions on reimbursement for our molecular tests. And so, at this point, we're only building in that reimbursement through a 90-day extension, since that's been voiced by HHS. And while we would hope and expect if COVID continues that that reimbursement will continue into Q4, that would make a very significant difference as well. But that is not in either the bottom or the high-end of our current guidance.
Mark Guinan: So we -- the emergency use -- obviously the Federal Emergency expires on July 25th. HHS has expressed a view that they're going to extend that 90 days, so we've built that $100 price which is not our AWR, you know, we don't fully get $100; but that $100 priced into our -- pretty much our full book. And so, the commercial as we shared previously, the commercial payers pretty much fell in line with the Medicare reimbursement rates as a couple of additional state Medicaid plans that didn't quite get there. But for the most part, we get that price from everybody, regardless of who they are. Therefore, we would expect that to continue. So, as long as the Medicare rate stays up, that doesn't mean there wouldn't be some pressure, but we would expect the commercial payers to stay in line with that, because obviously, if it stays, there's a federal emergency, and it'd be hard to argue. They should be cutting the rate for a test that's quite so important. And nonetheless, we will get some pressure. Once we get through that, where the commercial rates end up, obviously, we will take a position that says it shouldn't be less than Medicare. It will be very transparent with what our costs are and the continued importance of that test, even post-emergency and we'll do our best to keep it at the Medicare rate and not something less than that. But that's still -- it's obviously still in front of us.
Mark Guinan: I would just add that we have not had a significant amount, it would be very few of any denials or frequency limitations. So, while things might evolve, Lisa, to this point, we've not run into issues with the payers around frequency for the molecular tests, and for the return-to-work and back-to-school programs, we are not taking the risk on those. So we are either arranging client bill where we get paid directly contractually by the customer, or in some cases where they think they have coverage from the payer, we have a fall back to where, if we do get a denial, then we have a right to bill the client directly. So, we think we're protecting ourselves for the financial standpoint, we have not run into headwinds less far from the payers on frequency [indiscernible].
Mark Guinan: Yes, payer mix did not change materially. The one thing we did see was an increase in uninsured. So beyond that, I don't think there was any -- and we rarely see -- given our size, we rarely see material changes of payer mix and this was no exception. So certainly, the drop in utilization did not impact people with certain payers more than others. The one that we did see was more uninsured.
Mark Guinan: And Brian, you know, to be clear, you didn't ask this directly, but we are not being conservative. We are doing everything we can. The challenges are not financial, you know, willingness to spend more capital or for that matter, operational expense to get things up and running. They're all operational in our ability to get more equipment and, as Steve said, multiple pieces of equipment, and to get them operating and to get the people who are trained to do it. And we are, you know, moving as quickly as possible. As you said, we doubled our capacity from mid-May, you know, we're expecting another 20,000 per day increase from where we are today over the next several weeks. And then as Steve said, we're going to go beyond that. So there's no, you know, hesitancy to add capacity because of uncertainty and demand. We're doing everything we can to increase our capacity and certainly to reduce turnaround times.
Mark Guinan: Yes. I would just add that most of our base business has come back proportionally. As Steve said, oncology has really picked up recently over the last couple of weeks; we'll see how much of that was deferred pent-up demand. But the one category, it's not just in pre-employment but prescription drug monitoring; so the whole drug testing area, that's lagged a little bit some of the other franchises within the base business, not just in our employer business.
Mark Guinan: And just a reminder, that pooling is only currently possible on our LDT. And so therefore, you know, it's not as if it's going to be an expander across our whole network, and we can prioritize low prevalence areas or that LDT to a certain extent or to a large extent. And so to Steve's point, we're going to target the areas that we currently have low positivity rates. But the biggest benefit is while we do get costs -- some cost savings on reagents when you can do four samples at once instead of a single one, even despite some retesting; it's really the benefit of the capacity. So, being able to serve more people with the same equipments and more patients is really the benefit, much larger, although there is a certainly a cost of sales savings that comes with pooling.
