Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, sure. I appreciate the question, Tom. First of all, I have done that. I've met with a number of payers. And specifically what I'd share with you is they're thinking about our business and specifically us to help them manage their cost structure. And yes, that will be a discussion around price at some point. But more importantly, more at a strategic level, is what we can do to help manage plans together to improve quality and lower cost. And specifically, some of that conversation has lended itself to what we have from information, what they have from information and how we can provide more helpful insight into managing overall cost with the lives that they're managing. In parallel with that, they're also understanding that the U.S. market will go through tremendous change with the Affordable Care Act. They're trying to prepare themselves for the change. We obviously are preparing ourselves for the change. And in that context, they believe that they need to do a better job of working with us on narrowing their networks for what would they provide. So therefore, they hope to work more closely with us to make sure that we work together because we're both incented to do that. So the conversations I've had so far, Tom, have been very, very good conversations with the spirit of cooperation. We are working together to do what's right for this industry, improving quality, lower cost and at the same time, we find some opportunities to help our businesses.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, so healthcare reform, the Affordable Care Act, we do expect to have a -- excuse me, a net positive impact on our company and the industry growth rates. And we believe this will start in 2014. First of all, the number of lives will increase. We know that, and that will drive volumes. That's good news. But at same time and what's not clear yet is what will happen with those newly insured lives and what insurance products they will move to. And our sense is that some, if not a large majority, will go to lower-price-point products and, therefore, it's not quite clear at this point how this will all unfold. So we have not put together specific indication of what it will mean for our business. We're watching it carefully. There are some positive sides of it, and there's clearly some negative sides of it. And in collective perspective, it will have an effect. We believe, again, it's net positive impact for our business and for the industry, but it still has to be cleared up over time.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, first of all, we don't share specifics on what's going on with our contracts, but we have shared in the past that we are seeing pressure on price. And let me give the microphone over to Bob to share some of the specifics of what we have shared in the past and how that is folded through our numbers.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Sure, well, I appreciate that. And what I've said in my opening remarks is that we are conducting a thorough review of all businesses and operations. And we have nothing to share beyond that today. What I've also shared is that sometime in the fall, we will be giving an update of our strategy and in that update we'll give you more forward-looking visibility and transparency of what we're thinking about in terms of restoring growth, improving our margins in going forward for the company.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: And as we said, we do believe it's a net positive impact for our company. And as you know, this is still unfolding and so we're trying to understand it better and better every day. We'll -- there'll be more lives. There'll be more people getting tested. But the question is how will they be insured? And then, specifically, how does that factor into our business? And we have not provided a specific effect on the business because it's not quite clear yet. So can't provide you any more transparency or visibility beyond that at this point.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, so first of all, what we did share is that sluggish market conditions did continue in the second quarter. It did affect our business. And in fact, in Q2, we did see the volumes -- the volume growth slow. And we saw slowness across many of our businesses. And what I also shared in my opening comments is we do have an opportunity to execute better. We missed some opportunities in Q2, and then we specifically called out that our women's health business could have executed better. And specifically, we have some opportunities around narrowing of certain health plan networks, and we didn't see the impact of that in Q2. And so what I have shared is that in the process of building our plan going forward, we do need to restore growth. And so we are looking at the effectiveness of our sales and marketing programs. We're looking at our investments. We're looking at how we product-ize solutions to the marketplace, and that work will be helping us to some extent in the second half, but we still need some help from the market.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, there is conversation about different payment models. We are going through this transition and the question is as we go forward with the Affordable Care Act... [Technical Difficulty]
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, there's price pressure in this whole industry as you know, so the catalyst is healthcare in general. Healthcare costs from a provider perspective continues to rise and that's the challenge with health plans. And they're trying to manage an aging population, sicker and sicker lives every year and, therefore, the -- and costs that continue to rise. So there's more pressure throughout this entire industry and as you know, we've been in this industry for over 28 years. That price pressure will continue. The question is how does that unfold and how does that relate to this market, specifically, with the changes that we see going forward? We are seeing people wanting to narrow their networks. Therefore, there should be more consolidation in the volumes around fewer suppliers of laboratory testing services that plays nicely into what we are all about and what this industry is all about. Second, is as hospital systems are acquiring physician practices, they're looking at what they need to do in terms of what of their capabilities are strategic and not strategic. And as they start to look at forming Accountable Care Organizations, what they do with their laboratory operations and they are starting to have more conversations with us in terms of how we can help them with laboratory management services, where we could potentially look at outsourcing, where we can look at reference testing. And so the future trend, despite price pressure, I think, lends itself to support the long-term normal growth rates we see in this industry. So I see some other dynamics that will help us offset some of the price pressure that we will see like the rest of the industry.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, we don't comment on specific renegotiations or discussions with our health plan partners. But we do believe there is an opportunity to work with them to narrow their network, and you brought up Aetna as an example of that.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, so I appreciate the question. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, I am personally spending a lot of time on this. And I've shared with some of you that you really need to think about this in 2 categories. Yes, there'll be some shorter-term opportunities that we're going after, and then there will be some harder opportunities that will require investment that will take a longer period of time. And we're looking at both. In the short run, we already mentioned that we're looking at productivity. Specifically, our Voluntary Severance Program that we put together was one of those options for us to look at being more productive where we can do that. So we selectively identified qualified individuals, and that will help us some in the short-term. Second, is we're continuously looking at productivity opportunities because a large portion of our cost structure is our wage bill. And therefore, we are very, very tight on any hire we make and specifically looking for opportunities to drive productivity. Now some of this, as you would expect, happens in our operational teams throughout the company. This is in lab operations, logistics operations, patient service centers. But also, what we are looking at is what we need to do in, let's just say, broadly defined general administration areas. And there will be some opportunities to look at becoming more efficient, if you will, with our cost structure of our overhead going forward. And I also commented to that I spent some time with the procurement team. We did see some opportunities show up in Q2 related to do doing a better job of managing our purchases from outside suppliers. It is the second category to a wage bill that we will see some near-term improvement in that we will see sooner rather than later, and that will continue throughout the period of Invigorate. And then finally, there's opportunities related to a number of improvement efforts that are happening at the grassroots level. There's a number of our regional labs that are working through improvement programs, and I could tell you the support for our employees to contribute to this effort is very, very remarkable. And we're seeing some nice short-term gains from small incremental improvements at the regional level. But if you take those and you add them all up, it's real numbers. And if you take those and extrapolate it throughout entire business, it's substantial. So we will those in the short run. But as I said, there's also some longer-term, re-engineering change management programs that we'll need to invest in, and that will be in the later part of the period of Invigorate.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. Thanks, Amanda. Well, first of all, everything's on the table, and we are focusing on improving our productivity and reducing cost. And in that respect, we're looking at every area which includes all overhead: overhead on the backs of people in our labs, overhead on the backs of our sales force, overhead in the backs of our patient service centers. So that is critical. We're also looking at improving the workflow of how we take a sample and then eventually collect cash. And Bob will share with you one example of how we feel pretty good about some progress we've made in our billing center. But specifically to the sales force, at the same time -- and I mentioned in my introductory comments, we do need to restore growth. And so we are -- and I am personally looking into how we have gone to market; what type of investments we've made in our sales and marketing efforts, and specifically, how that has contributed to what we have done so far; how we have executed against our plans so far; and what are the right investments for this company going forward to restore growth. I don't have specific comments to make in that regard as I speak. But I'll assure you that we'll make the appropriate investments in our sales force, in our go-to-market organizations to restore growth, which may mean that we'll take some of the freed up spending that we see in Invigorate and reinvest it in portions of our organization to help with restored growth, and that may mean our sales and marketing efforts. But it's too early to share with you specifics on that, but it's being reviewed as I speak with you today.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, let me take narrowing network. We do have an opportunity with some of our partners, our health plan partners to help them narrow the network, and we're working -- this a great example, working together with the health plans to get more volume and they see an opportunity in their cost structure, and we see an opportunity with our volumes to do that with them. We hoped for some in the second quarter, it did not materialize, but we still see it as a great opportunity going forward. And so that's what my comment was about, is that we hope there's some in the second quarter. And frankly, I think, if we executed it better, we would have got some pick-up in our volumes in the second quarter, but unfortunately, they did not materialize. But as I said, with -- in our view of our sales and marketing efforts, we will look at that and we will deliver more of that in the second half. And I'd like to turn it over to Bob in terms of his comments on women's health.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Sure, sure. First of all, in this review of businesses and operations, clearly, we need to look at do we have the right structure to execute any strategy we have in place. And we are looking at that. And then second is, I've been asked this before, clearly, you need to have the right leadership team in place to restore growth and improve our shareholder returns. And as everyone would expect, that's being considered as well. But specific to the approach, and I mentioned in my Invigorate comments, what I am bringing into the company is a disciplined structure and rigorous approach to deployment of strategy. And I gave the example of Invigorate, but I'll also share with you that will be my approach for restoring growth as well. So strategy is important, but it's also very important and I would argue more important to work on the deployment. And in my past experiences, what I will do going forward, and I'll share this in the fall, is we'll have a very structured rigorous deployment of each of the strategic programs we put in place, some of which will be around productivity gains and improving our cost structure going forward, but also will be equally put in place related to restoring growth. And related to that is once we agree what we're going to do, then we need to make sure we have the right proper plan that's properly resourced. So with that rigor, with that discipline and with that structure, I'm insisting once we agree to do something, that we have the resources and then those resources are held accountable to deliver. So that is my philosophy in general, and I gave Invigorate as an example of that, but it will extend itself to everything we do in the company going forward.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, and just adding to that, we surgically looked at specific work areas and thought forward in terms of the skill mix of some of those work areas. So we used it as an opportunity to think about the workforce in general. So yes, some people will leave from this program, but also we saw it as an opportunity to affect our wage bill in specific areas where we have a skill mix going on with our operations. So it is a very comprehensive, robust program that will help reduce some costs; but at the same time, help improve our productivity as well.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Sure, appreciate that. Well, first of all, as I said in my opening comments, we don't anticipate any large acquisitions. But we will consider what we call tuck-in acquisitions that we could fold into operations that could be reasonably accretive in the short term. That would include what we could do on a regional level. And also I made some comments about what hospital systems we're looking at and integrated delivery systems we're looking at in terms of where they add value, what's strategic and what they need to rely on others to do, and there might be some opportunities for us on that. So we are looking at all of that and there are some opportunities.
Robert A. Hagemann: Kevin, yes, I would tell you that this is nothing new. I mean, we've been talking about increased reimbursement pressure for a while, and what we're seeing was fully contemplated in the guidance that we put together at the end of the year. So there's no change from our perspective there. And essentially what you're seeing is that reimbursement pressure now is being offset though by a number of tests per requisition and a continued favorable test mix. And as we go forward, we expect that those dynamics will continue, continued reimbursement pressure to a large degree offset, if not fully offset, by test per rec and positive mix.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Kevin, the Medicare change for 2013 is estimated to be about 5% or so. I think we've shared with folks in the past that we've got roughly $1 billion in Medicare business. The vast majority of that reimbursed off of the clinical lab fee schedules. So we're looking at a $40 million to $50 million impact next year. And as you think about that, we're hoping that much of that now is going to be offset by the actions that we've taken at the Voluntary Severance Program, which kick in -- fully kick in by the time we exit the first quarter of next year. And with respect to the impact of the changes around Molecular Diagnostics and the new coding there, we don't expect that to have a significant impact to us. There are a number of codes which are impacted, but the total revenues that are subject to those changes are less than 5% of our total revenues. And as we've said in the past, the objective there is really to get better visibility into what's being billed, making sure that what's being billed is medically necessary. And we do feel very good about the tests that we have in our profiles, and the medical necessity attached to them.
Robert A. Hagemann: Dane, let me try and give you some more color on it. Year-over-year, consolidated revenues were essentially flat, up 20 basis points versus the prior year. In that, the clinical testing business was up about 1% or so. The other businesses, which make up about 10% of our revenues, which include clinical trials testing, risk assessment, the point-of-care business, the healthcare IT business, they in total were down about 5% versus the prior year. And when you look at the clinical testing business, the year-over-year revenue improvement was principally driven by volume. And as we indicated, the revenue per rec was essentially flat year-over-year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Dane, the principal contribution to product revenue growth that we had in the last several quarters was the result of the operations that we -- the products operations we acquired with Celera, which anniversaried this quarter.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Athena is continuing to perform very well, growing nicely, highly profitable business. And Celera, as you know, there were multiple pieces to that business. There was the products business, which continues to perform solidly. And then there was BHL, which as we noted is in a turnaround and we're still working through that, although I would tell you that we're making some progress there as we integrate that now and start to leverage the infrastructure that Quest Diagnostics has to offer to Celera.
Robert A. Hagemann: It's just timing. If you look at DSOs, they were essentially flat. We're actually down a day from year end. And if you look historically at how receivables themselves track from Q1 to Q2, that's pretty -- from year-end to Q2, that's pretty consistent.
Robert A. Hagemann: Ricky, this is Bob. It's a small portion of our total revenues. If you look at what we describe as patient billed revenues, it's in the range of 5% to 10% of our total revenues. Roughly half of that is from the uninsured. The other half is really deductibles and co-pays and things like that.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Ricky, just a little bit more color on your question. If you look at the implied guidance for the second half, at the midpoint, it implies that revenues are sort of flat for the most part. At the high-end, it implies revenues are up about 1% and at the low end, it implies they're down about 1%.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, again, as you know we don't give guidance relative to price or volume. And at this point, we don't necessarily see that changing. Although I don't think that the dynamics in the second half are going to be materially different than the dynamics in the first half.
Robert A. Hagemann: The only thing I would add, Gary, is we're going to continue to be price disciplined as we go forward. And as Steve mentioned, the payers and our other partners are looking for ways that we can work with them to reduce their total costs. Pricing is an element of that, but there are other ways as well that we can help them manage their costs down, and we expect to use all of those opportunities.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Gary, when we talk about price pressure, we're not talking exclusively about the commercial payers. As you see on the government side, there's continued reimbursement pressure. Medicare is a great example. The Medicaid -- each of the states is looking at how they can reduce their overall costs, and healthcare is a big element of their total cost and they're trying to manage it down. So it's not exclusively the commercial payers that we're talking about when we talk about reimbursement pressure.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, one way of thinking about it is the majority of our bad debt, which this quarter was 3.5%, comes from patient bill. And about half of that bad debt is related to co-pays and deductibles for people that have insurance. The other half is related to the uninsured. That's the big opportunity that we have as part of healthcare reform. What we can get that down to, it's not clear at this point but certainly, there's a big opportunity to reduce that piece of the bad debt. But again, that's a little less than half of our overall bad debt.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, it's significantly higher than it is for the average that we have across the network. And if you look in our 10-Q, you'll see that the volumes associated with patient bill are -- the percentage of volumes associated with patient bill are about half of the revenues associated with patient bill. So it implies that the revenue per requisition is in the range of 2x or more the average revenue per requisition. So it's a very rich requisition, but it carries a significant bad debt attached to it.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, yes, certainly from a collectibility standpoint, an uninsured patient is much more difficult. But yes, I'm not sure that at this point we're prepared to make a call as to what sort of patient we'd rather have walk through the door. We're happy to serve all patients.
Robert A. Hagemann: Look, I think that we would certainly consider monetizing future royalty streams. But yes, I think we'd have to have some better visibility as to what they are before we would do that. But certainly, it's something we would consider.
Robert A. Hagemann: Isaac, look, as we told you, this year our priority is to do some delevering to make sure that we can sustain the credit rating that we have. We believe that, that's critically important to us because at the end of the day, it allows us to minimize the overall cost of capital and ensure that we've got appropriate access in liquidity. So that's the priority now. As we've indicated though, beyond that, once we've gotten a delevering done, we expect to return a majority of the free cash flow to investors, whether it be through dividends or share repurchases. We did a pretty significant increase to the dividend this year. We'd expect that the dividend is going to grow with cash flows and earnings over time. And at this point, we're not prepared to make a commitment as to what the dividend rate will be. I think as we go into the fall and as we figure out what the strategy is going to be, that's going to drive the capital and allocation. So in the near term, no change; but you'll hear more about this in the fall when we come out and share with you some of the longer-term plans for the company.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, women's health is an area that we've seen as an opportunity. It's an area that's continued to grow. But yes, as we've stated earlier, we've had some product gaps, which we filled. And we expected that after having filled those product gaps, we'd be able to start to regrow that business at a faster rate. Again, that hasn't materialized yet, but we continue to see that as an opportunity. We continue to focus on it from both the sales side and the product offering side. And again, it's an area that, while we didn't execute as well than we would have liked in the second quarter, we believe that it will be an opportunity that will drive growth as we go forward and address some of the execution issues.
Robert A. Hagemann: Gary, nothing specific. Obviously, we don't comment on geographies, but as Steve mentioned in his remarks earlier, we saw a slowdown across most of our businesses. So it was relatively widespread. Nothing specific to point to.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, certainly, physician specialists in the esoteric mix that they order contributes to improvements in revenue per requisition. But it's also the number of tests order per requisition, some of which we may think of as esoteric today, but ultimately are going to be routine, like Vitamin D, for example. The benefit of the growth in Vitamin D has really shown up in revenue per requisition to a large degree. That and other new tests that we introduce, in many cases, show up in revenue per requisition because they're ordered in conjunction with other tests. And that's an area that we believe will continue because we expect that the pace with which new tests are introduced will continue to accelerate over time.
Robert A. Hagemann: That's a very fair assessment. Yes, as you think about that, it had a really rapid ramp-up. It's become much more of a mature test at this point. And as a result, the growth rate just obviously slows down.
Robert A. Hagemann: There's not a lot specifically, Steve. It's a very broad-based program. It's covering just about every part of the organization, although I would tell you that we very thoughtfully designed the program. There were certain parts of the organization, certain employees that we felt were critical that were not offered the plan, and we maintain the ability to not accept certain people as well, so that we could manage any potential adverse impact that the program would have. And then lastly, we maintained the ability to determine one person would actually lead the workforce. So we've been able to ourselves, I think, manage it pretty effectively, but it's a broad-based program.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, it's a interesting question. And I don't want to be too specific at this point because it is premature to gauge what the actual opportunity will be, not only from the Merck drugs, but the other drugs that Celera has rights to as well. But I think for us to get the appropriate value for those drugs and those assets and those royalties, we have to have a pretty good view as to what they'll realize for us.
Robert A. Hagemann: Bob, it's pretty much as we had planned. As you know, we generate the majority of our free cash flow in the back half of the year, and the delevering is really following the way the cash flows come in. So this is pretty consistent with what we had anticipated.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Lisa, I would to add to this. We think about hospitals and the opportunity to work with them to grow our business. Certainly, there's the opportunity to acquire their outreach business. There's still a big opportunity to gain additional reference testing from them. We look to manage some hospital laboratories. And in selective cases, we've looked at joint venture in certain markets where it makes sense. So we continue to think about multiple ways to work with hospitals to grow our business and help them compete effectively as well.
