Dan Haemmerle: Thank you, and good morning. I'm here with Steve Rusckowski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and our new Chief Financial Officer, Mark Guinan. In addition, our Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Jon Cohen will be joining us for Q&A. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include, but are not limited to, those described in Quest Diagnostics' 2012 annual report on Form 10-K and 2013 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. A copy of our earnings press release is available, and the text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the Investor Relations' Quarterly Update section of our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now here is Steve Rusckowski.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes, sure thing. Thanks, Kevin, for the question. As we think about the molecular diagnostics issue and we think about pricing in general, first, let me say this. We said that reimbursement pressure would be about 3% in the year from government commercial payers, if it continues to be in that zone, so that we should be -- we're still in line with -- in terms of fee schedule erosion. We also share, when you think about revenue per requisition, that we see some favorable test mix and test per requisition, and that would be offset by some unfavorable business mix issues, okay, as our wellness and toxicology business has continued to grow. In this quarter, we saw a deterioration in the overall revenue per requisition, not necessarily fee schedule-related, but more due to test mix as well as the molecular diagnostics issues. And when we think about the molecular diagnostics issues, it has turned into -- resulted in a softer test mix benefit than originally anticipated. And as we look to those denials, some of the denials are related to some tests that we recently launched during the course of the year and have been growing, so we'll see some unfavorability there versus expectations. And then also, we do, as you know, perform reference testing for about half the hospitals around the country. We've had some clients that have started to see denials on their end a little bit later and, in an effort to maintain their profitability, have started to alter their ordering patterns, okay? And as they've altered some of those ordering patterns, we've seen changes, again, in our -- it would show up in our test mix. So denials, probably on their end, that resulted in softer test mix. So some of this -- is there an opportunity to continue to work this and get some improvement in the future? We will be working it and hope to get some improvements. But at this point, it's early to say, and we know the prudent thing to do would be to record our revenues right where they are.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes. We have seen it with other payers in -- on the commercial side, Medicaid side. And keep in mind, as you go through this with different payers in different states, even on the Medicaid side, different payers are implementing on different timelines and they're taking different approaches to this. But we still have some payers in different states that were actually billing with the old coding system, okay? And so we expected that some of these will continue to move but, at this point, we are seeing it across multiple payers.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes. I think you've touched on most of it. The only other question I think I heard in there was around contracts anniversarying. And so we do have contracts that our anniversarying in the back half of the year, both third and fourth quarter. So some of it happened in third quarter, we'll see a little more in the fourth quarter.
Dan Haemmerle: No. I think you touched on most of it again. I think the exchange piece, as we said, we've been negotiating with a number of commercial payers. We're pleased with how those progressed so far, and we have a number of contracts that we've signed. A lot of this will depend on which -- who the big winners and losers are in exchanges in different markets and how many lives are signing up in terms of how it impacts the business. But overall, the rates we're seeing are generally in line with some of the commercial rates that we've seen in our existing contracts to this point.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, good question, Kevin. Let's give you a little more clarity on what we were talking about there. It has to do with really denials for our diagnostic-related charges that are in this molecular diagnostic category. And as you know, there's been quite some discussion in the past about this code stacking and then also the new proposals. And we've commented in the past, we think, on the price side, we were okay. And then, actually, we got into the quarter and we see some issues associated with getting paid. So I'm going to turn it to Dan to give us a little more color on the specifics of what we saw and how much of that could come back to us.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. Good question, Kevin. So we -- and, obviously, you're looking at what's happening in the marketplace and the results are starting to come in. So on the utilization front, as I said in my prepared remarks, and I've shared this with you before, we entered the year thinking that it will be about the same levels as we had last year and, in fact, it's been worse. We expected that Q3 would be similar to what we saw in the first 2 quarters. And actually, as we have seen regarding to the quarter, beginning of the quarter, we actually were encouraged. And then as we got through midpoint of the quarter, it started to slow down. And we actually have gone back and looked at kind of our underlying business. Operationally, I talked about our reorganization of our sales force, we're putting more focus on operational excellence. Yes, that's about efficiency but, as importantly, it's about enhancing our customer experience. And when we look at our underlying performance and if you look at the key measures and if you go back and look at -- we do look at this sort of top 1,000 accounts and say, "What is happening between Q2 and Q3? Is there anything exceptional in there?" What we see is less utilization. Also, when you go back and look at sort of where we might be picking up accounts or where we might be getting some defections related to hospital in-sourcing, it was about where we expected. So the big change, really, for the quarter is related to our belief that some of the programs we've put in place with our sales force, with our new products and with our professional services business would yield more than what we delivered, and that's the $50 million I commented to. But overall, if you look at the marketplace, and if you look at how we compete with regional labs, how we compete with some of the national -- large national labs, we look at our customer experience, we look at our product offering, we look at our access, there's no notable change in that. And actually, we are improving as our plan -- as it's improving throughout the year. So that's our take on the quarter. Obviously, we're still digging into exactly what's happening in each of the regions, what's happening by each of our payer types, what's happening by product category, and we'll have more knowledge about it as we go forward. But as we sit right now, that's our perspective on the quarter.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. Well, we are starting to get some data back from some of the industry watchers. And it appears that things did drop off in terms of physician visits in September more than what we had seen at the beginning of the quarter, so that's tracking with what we experienced. And second is I just saw -- we just are digesting some hospital admission data and it looks like the same happened on the hospital side, too. So it was tracking, actually, in the first part of the quarter, Tom, better than what we had experienced in the first half, and then it went to a place that was lower than what we saw in the first half. So -- and on average, it's about what we saw in the first half. But we were hopeful in the early part of the quarter that things were actually improving somewhat versus what we had experienced in the past. So it's our best perspective on this, and we're trying to understand how much of this is the market, the environment, utilization, what could have been the causes for that and also what has -- Kevin asked earlier, what portion of it is us versus the competition versus what we expected versus our plans, so we're going through all that. But as we sit right now, the biggest shortfall in the quarter is related to not executing as well, is the programs that we put in place and that we had planned on in our guidance, and that's the $50 million. When we got through the quarter, you can say when the dust settles, it was a little better than the first part of the quarter, less in -- that part of the quarter overall utilization was about, for the quarter, what we have seen in the past 2 quarters. That's not it. But we actually had planned on getting more out of our restored growth initiatives. And as we said, they're still valid. We have the resources in place. It's just going to take more time for us to see the benefits of those.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. So let me go through what we said before and my perspective, and I'll turn it to Mark to round it off. Well, first of all, what we have shared is that we have a goal of $600 million run rate savings by the end of 2014, so we're standing behind that as I said in my prepared remarks. We actually are encouraged by the rate of change we're making with Invigorate, and we need it to offset the headwinds we have in this industry. And as we said before, we have our foot on the accelerator to get as much out of it as possible, so that continues. What we also have shared is that last year, in 2012, we were exiting about $200 million run rate and we've never provided a run rate for 2014 -- 2013, but what we have said is that we would save -- deliver savings $250 million this year. We are well on our way to save that this year, that's $250 million. We also said, as you recall, about twice as much in the back half than the front half. So if you go through the math, as you have done, Ricky, that would save -- that would be somewhere in that range that you discussed. But also it says, given the rapid pace of improvement that we're making on our cost structure, there is a ramp, and that ramp means that we'll have a ramp going into the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. So with that as just refreshing our guidance on this, I'll turn it to Mark to round it off.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: All right, Bill. Thanks for the question. First of all, we only have access to our data, and we see what you see in terms of our competitors and what competitor you're referring to. As you see and what we have said is that our underlying volumes, when you do all the adjustments and just look at the organic volume for Q3, it was down by about 2%, that's adjusting for days and adjusting for -- everything we adjust for with our acquisitions. And that's about at the same levels we have seen for the last 2 prior quarters. With that said, you then look at what we had expected from each of the different categories of our operation. We have different mixes of business and different areas of focus than some of our competitors. And I would say that in 2 dimensions, one from a product perspective or a service-line perspective and the second is from a geographic perspective. And so when you look through our business and you look at our pathology business, and there was earlier questions about pap smears, and there's a dynamic going on with that business, which we understand and we're trying to track. Second is, if you look at our overall business versus others in primary care versus specialty care, we're actually looking at a routine business versus our esoteric and advanced business. If we look at our payer mix, we're also quite interested, as you would expect, at what's happening with our prayer partners and how they're growing or not growing, and that could affect our performance as well. So you go through the whole calculus and all we can do is control what we do control. And so what we're focused on in our strategy to restore growth is number one, a better commercial organization or sales organization that does a better job calling on our customers to make sure that we have the best superior experience that we can for our customers that we can. This includes on how we sell to them, how do we service them and, in any length, some portion of this marketplace that is growing. And so that's why we put that in place. Second is we created an organization around clinical franchises. This clinical franchise organization is putting more emphasis of getting more solutions to the marketplace that is much more aligned with what you see from another portion of the marketplace that is growing, which is sometimes referred to as the boutique or specialized laboratories. Our BRCAvantage introduction this week is a great example of the new organization that we put in place. From the Supreme Court ruling in June to today, we sped up. Quickly, we get to this -- to the marketplace. We're quite excited about that as an introduction and we're encouraged by that. So again, we're controlling our own destiny. We're introducing more to the market at a faster pace than ever before. And then, finally, is we're building a professional services business. And I'll share with you, this is gathering traction. It's gathering traction because many hospitals and integrated delivery networks are quite interested on what their strategy is going forward and how we can help them with that. Some of that took the form of 2 acquisitions this year with hospital outreach, but you'll be hearing about more laboratory management and professional service relationships with a number of systems as we go forward because our funnel is building. So we're encouraged by that. So you look at, fundamentally, how does business go from one of our competitors to the other and vis-a-vis how we compete versus those competitors, we think we're focused on all the right things. We're focused on the things that are going to drive volumes. We also understand, and you understand, that we've had a significant reimbursement change this year. Our guidance this year is about 3% change in price. We have our fair share of the cuts in Medicare, which are outlined in my remarks, but also, we had a number of commercial contracts that anniversaried and we renegotiated those terms, and that's in the 3%. So if you look at the top line and you look at price erosion for us versus some others, we had a year where we paid out, if you will, in price concessions about $200 million, and we're offsetting that as well. So we believe that we're working on the right things. We're disappointed by Q3. We do believe it's a difficult market with a lot of headwinds. However, we need to work on the things we do control. We believe our 5-point strategy. If you look through the 5-point strategy as the right strategy, if you look at the results, 4 of those points are tracking very well. The one we're disappointed in is our strategy to restore growth. We think those initiatives that are outlined are the right initiatives. Where you look at the marketplace and look at where people are growing, what I just outlined there is what is going to make a difference for us so that we do restore growth. So that's my best summary of what we've done vis-a-vis the market and vis-a-vis the competition.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Okay, Bill. So first of all, I started here in May 2012. So time does go by fast, but not that fast, so not quite 2 years. But in relation to your question, this is a tough environment. However, we do believe we operate in a very attractive market and we do believe that our 5-point strategy positions Quest very well to deliver superior shareholder value. And with that said, we do believe we're operating in the right way. We believe we are making the proper investments. We do believe that our plan is the best value-creation plan irregardless of our ownership, so that's our focus, is our 5-point strategy in building shareholder value.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, it's what was the big difference between the third quarter expectations that we've set and what we delivered. And we have the 3 initiatives that we have outlined, those are our priorities for this year: more volume from a better sales organization or commercial organization; second is more coming from products and our clinical franchise organization; and then, finally, is our professional services business. We've gone through the organizational change last fall, we've staffed into place in the first quarter. We have plans and, obviously, part of those plans are making some modest investments in our sales force, our clinical franchises and building our professional services team. We have actually made those investments. We feel good about the progress. We feel good about the prospects that are building and we expected some of those to land in the third quarter. But unfortunately, it did not happen. It doesn't change our confidence, our confidence around what we're working on, our confidence about the market opportunities, our confidence about what we can get in this market as we continue to focus on the things we're focused on in our strategy. And we are making progress, but it will take longer.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: I appreciate that, A.J. Well, when you go through the facts that we had in 2013, which was a substantially larger year than what we anticipate in 2014 and 2015, so we'll have less headwinds from pricing in 2014 than we clearly saw in 2013, that's number one. Number two, is we continue to talk about the acceleration and improvements that we're making on our cost structure with Invigorate. It continues to build, it hasn't stopped. We exited 2012, that $200 million we talked about. $600 million in 2014 is the exit, and we're tracking to exiting at our rate in 2012 and we're going to be on a path to get to the 2014 number that we have committed to. So that's tracking nicely. Third is we have a little bit of headwind, as you would expect, on our wage bill. We have to be competitive with our workforce and so we have to dial that into our expectations. And we continue to build our 1% to 2% top line of opportunities with acquisitions, which is part of our disciplined capital deployment. As you see in the back half of this year, A.J., we actually are now, in the third quarter, at 2% of our top line. So we are getting to the higher end of the range. And as you know, we do these acquisitions, with a large part of those acquisitions based upon cost synergies. As we work through their integration plans -- and some of those integration plans are short, short as 6 months, and some others as large as 2 years, when it's more complicated -- it builds our profitability from those acquisitions, so we have that flowing through in 2014. So I can't give you the specific color of 2014, and we won't do it at this call, but we're still tracking of where we think our 5-point strategy will allow us to build shareholder value. And we do believe it's still compelling as we keep on working through this. As you know, it's always more difficult to get the results with the headwinds and the challenging environment that we see. And if that improves, we're not planning on the significantly sunnier day, if you will, in the short-term. But the challenging environment is making it more difficult, and that challenging environment will improve. And then with the Affordable Care Act, with more lives in the system, because we do believe there will be more lives in the system, and that this marketplace is growing, we do believe we're in an attractive marketplace and we do believe that our 5-point strategy will give us lift as we go forward in 2014 and 2015 with our earnings and also with the opportunity to build shareholder value. So we will keep you posted on when we'll provide insight into 2014, but that is as much color as we can provide at this time.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, it's a good question and, obviously, we're going through territory by territory, understanding where we see effects, can we explain it. We've taken out a sizable portion of management throughout the entire company. As I shared with you, we had to do it. One is we had a very complicated organizational structure. It was not aligned with our 2 highest priorities, which are operational excellence as well as restoring growth. We now have an organizational structure that is leaner and is much more focused on those 2 priorities. And in doing that, we've taken out 3 management layers. And actually, we did this because we spent a lot of time inside talking to ourselves, and one of our behavior changes that we are driving is to get more external. And so if you take out 3 management layers, which we have done, we're spending less time talking to ourselves and more time talking to customers. And it starts with me and my entire management team and throughout the organization. So when you refer to management, I actually think our management changes has actually improved our ability to get outside, and our management today is much more externally focused than before, number one. Number two, though, is you go through a reorganization of the sales force, and these are at the sales rep level. We had to change our sales force organization to put an organizational structure that are more aligned with the way our customers are organizing. As you know, Amanda, customers are organized around integrated delivery networks, they include hospitals, they include physicians, they include ancillary services. And so, we now have a geographic organization. We've made those changes. We did have some account assignments in the first quarter that we had to change to get a more effective organization, and we feel good about that. We did incent our sales force to make sure any changes between the accounts, between sales reps would be handled properly. We don't see a substantial defections or losses in accounts because of that. We do track our customer experience, and we think we're actually improving how we experience -- or our customers experience us. So when we go through all the data, we think we have made all the right changes. We believe that, when you get down to the granular level, they're actually moving in the right directions. But we haven't seen many things come out of some of the positive sides of these. We do expect more productivity from our sales reps, we expect our sales reps to be able to sell more, we expect them to be able to get more from our new products. And that's what we planned for in the $50 million expectation that we've set, so that's the disappointing side of Q3. This is a lot of change. We believe we are making the right changes and we are doing the right things, but it will take longer. So that's my best perspective I can give you on what we've done and how it's affected our business.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. So this is a tough environment, we all know that. But we also, to our Mark Guinan's belief, this is very attractive market. There is the routine work that we do. But most importantly, we're investing in advanced and esoteric work. And I think our example this week of our launch of BRCAvantage is a great example where we'll be entering a market that is growing. It enters in a market where clearly more information and more insight is helpful to helping health care overall. And that's one of the areas of focus for us, is to make sure we introduce more innovative solutions to the market. And as we've talked, it's not just the diagnostic, it's the information, it's the services. And that's what will fuel new growth as we go forward. And when you look at those prospects, we believe this is a very attractive market despite the difficult environment we're operating in today.
Mark J. Guinan: And I just want to add -- it's Mark -- a majority of the $50 million miss came in September, so -- and I do want to make that clear. And historically, September has been a strong month for us. So we were actually, based on where we were at early in the quarter, we were expecting some momentum in September and we saw the dropoff. Now back to Steve's point, when you look at the quarter in total, the overall health of the business, frankly, utilization was pretty consistent with the first 2 quarters of the year. So while September was disappointing, when you look at it in light of the whole quarter, it seemed like it just was a continuation of the year. But earlier in the quarter, we felt like things were turning.
Mark J. Guinan: It's really looking at the quarter. We're not building off September and assuming that's indicative of what the balance of the year will be.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. We're committed to our 5-point strategy. And as we look at the acquisitions, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, they're on track, so the 3 that we actually integrated at this point. So we continue to feel that's a good use of cash. And in terms of other use of cash, whether it's dividend or share buybacks, we've said we're going to return the majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders and we're going to continue along that strategy.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes, sure. Ricky, as I mentioned again in my prepared remarks, some of the Invigorate savings is volume-dependent. And we were tracking actually ahead of our plan in the first half of the year, and we're expecting to deliver something north of the $250 million that we communicated externally. As volumes have softened, we're expecting to still meet our commitment of over $250 million, but not quite reach the levels that we had thought and had projected and built into our expectations for the full year. So therefore, the ratio of first half to second half has been impacted by 2 things: one was that the overall savings are not going to be quite as high as we'd hoped to achieve, but still exceed what we committed externally, the $250 million; the second thing is that we actually were tracking ahead in the first half, and that ratio could have held true if we had achieved our stretch targets for the year. But since we aren't, the ratio is going to be a little bit different.
Mark J. Guinan: Sure. Within our cost structure, obviously, there's fixed costs and variable costs, Gary, and we're not just saving on fixed costs, we're also saving on the rate on our variable costs. So therefore, the dollar figure that we've been quoting was based on a certain level of volume revenue. And as we have less volume, obviously, the dollar, not the proportional savings, on our variable cost is going to be lower.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. Glen, I'll try to answer that for you, thanks for the question. Historically, as you look at Q4, it does tend to be a softer quarter than Q3 given the seasonality. I mean, you've got the holidays. As you look at overall billing days, et cetera, there's definitely a reason to suggest a softer revenue quarter even without any trend break in terms of reqs per day and revenue per req and all that. So it's really just taking into account the days that fall within Q4. No significant change in business momentum other than a little bit more lift we're building in for some of the initiatives that Steve talked about. So we're not abandoning our belief that those investments are going to turn the tide. We just are getting a little more conservative, less aggressive in how quickly that will happen. And we're basing that on what we saw in the third quarter.
Mark J. Guinan: We haven't changed any of our capital deployment plans. And in terms of what's going to give us some uplift in Q4, it's really the -- it's -- the DSOs to a certain extent are a contributor. We had a delay in getting our Medicare provider number and -- for some of our acquisitions. And so we're highly confident that that's going to take place and we're going to get paid. But at this point, that's really been the driver and the spike in our DSOs in Q3 -- in Q2 and Q3, and we expect that to be resolved in Q4.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. Just one thing I'll -- I'd add. I mean, as -- I think we are seeing a rebasing, driven by a lot of changes that we're all familiar with. One could argue maybe there's overconsumption of health care and we're rebasing it. But at some point, you're rebased, and then we should be growing along demographic lines. When that point is? I'm not sure. I mean -- in addition to that, when you think about the desire to move from treatment to early detection or prevention, so it's our belief that diagnostics is a great part of that solution. So that's -- as Steve said in the end of his remarks, we believe this is a great space. Those are really the drivers. While we certainly have had a couple of tough years here, that's not looking like it's going to be over in the immediate term, we do think that, long term, this is a good space to be in and also, as Steve said, one that's likely to migrate to the highest quality, low-cost providers and we certainly expect ourselves to be there within this marketplace.
