Bob Hagemann: Thanks, Surya. During the quarter, we saw a slowing in our growth due to severe weather, softness in the market place and reduced reimbursement for Medicare. Despite these challenges, our business remained strong. It has continued to grow on the line earnings and generated strong cash flow. Earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.89 equal to the prior year. The earnings comparison is impacted by a $0.06 charge recorded in the quarter associated with work force reductions, and $0.05 associated with the estimated impact of severe weather across much of the country. Revenues for the quarter were $1.8 billion in line with the prior year. Revenue growth was reduced by an estimated 1% due to the impact of severe weather. Our clinical testing revenues, which account for over 90% of our total revenues were within 0.5% of the prior year and grew about 1% adjusted to the impact of weather. Reported volume was 2.6% below the prior year end level and reflects an estimated 1% reduction due to weather. Drug testing volumes have stabilized and are no longer impacting revenue and volume comparisons. Overall, volumes are being pressured by a general slowdown in traditional office visits. We are aggressively addressing this challenge. We have increased our focus on effective sales execution and are expanding the capabilities of our sales force. In addition, we are adjusting our cost structure to match volume levels. Revenue per requisition increased 2.3% with the increase continuing to be primarily driven by a positive mix partially offset by the 1.9% Medicare fee decrease, which went into effect January 1, and served to reduce revenue per requisition by about 0.5%. Revenue in our non-clinical testing businesses, which includes risk assessment, clinical trials testing, point-of-care testing and health care IT, and it contains most of our international revenues grew 3% in the quarter principally due to favorable foreign exchange. Operating income as a percentage of revenues was 16.5% compared to 17.8% last year. The charge recorded in the quarter and the impact of weather combined to reduce the year-over-year change in operating income as a percentage of revenues by 1.6%. We continue to see strong performance in our billing and collection metrics. Bad debt expense, as a percentage of revenues, was 4.2% compared to 4.5% a year ago. DSOs at 41 days improved two days for both year end and a year ago. Our cash flow continued to be strong. Cash flow from operations was $239 million and compares to $273 million in last year's first quarter. The decrease is principally due to the timing of annual incentive things. Capital expenditures were $40 million in the quarter. During the quarter we repurchased $4.5 million of our shares at an average price of $56.21 for a total of $251 million under the accelerated share repurchase we announced in January. Our cash balance, coupled with our unused credit lines, provides us with a significant liquidity and positions us extremely well to capitalize on growth opportunity and take other actions like share repurchases to drive shareholder value. Now, let's turn to our full year outlook from continuing operations. We now expect revenue growth of between 1% and 2%. We expect operating income, which now reflects the first quarter charge and weather impact to approximate 18.5% as a percentage of revenues. We continue to expect cash from operations to approximate $1.3 billion and capital expenditures to approximate $200 million. And lastly, diluted earnings per share are expected to be between $4 and $4.20 on a reported basis, and between $4.10 and $4.30 adjusted for the impact of charges in weather in the first quarter. We are taking actions to accelerate our growth and we expect these efforts to lead to improvement as the year progresses and we continue to be very excited about the prospects for our business. Now, I'll turn it back to Surya.
Bob Hagemann: Okay. Ricky, first let me comment on the volumes. Yes, we said – yes, we did saw volume softness in the quarter. It was down to 2.6%. A point of that we just estimated to be weather. And yes, we have seen some general softness in the marketplace. We believe it's driven by physician office visits. It's also consistent with what you see in drug prescribing at this point as well. In terms of when that general softness will turn around, we're not expecting it to turn around any time in the near future. We expect that the market will continue to be soft for a little while. Although, yes, we think about our business we are expecting based upon the guidance that we put out there for revenue growth for our business to pick up over the remainder of the year. Essentially, if you looked at the guidance that we have out there now for revenue growth and you compare that to the 1% underlying revenue growth that we had in the first quarter, it would imply that it's going to accelerate certainly over the back half of the year. And there're several things for us to point to here. First, we're very excited about the opportunity for new tests to continue to grow. Surya mentioned vitamin D. We continue to see that growing strong. He mentioned the ImmunoCAP allergy testing. Both of those will contribute to our growth. And additionally, there're a number of new tests that we've either recently launched or planned for launch, which we see accelerating growth, whether it be the ColoVantage test, which is a receptor 9 biomarker; the test we have for Fragile X, which is XSense; OVA1; and of course, the active type test, which is the one for PLAVIX response. So those, in addition to the items that Surya mentioned in terms of us increasing our sales effectiveness, getting more sales reps in certain markets, and increasing the level of customer engagement, those are the things that we see accelerating our growth in the back half of this year, not necessarily a pick up in the underlying market.
Bob Hagemann: And on the cost side, we're not going to provide specific cost savings associated with specific actions that we take. But what you should be comfortable with is the fact that this is a business because of the number of times, and you probably say this before, that we have to do rework either in reprocessing bills, recollecting samples because they were insufficient quantities, things like that, that there are – continue to be significant opportunities for us to improve the efficiency of our operations. And that program that we put in place several years ago is continuing. And they continue to be big opportunities for us. We're driving execution against those plans that we've had in place for a while, and feel very good about our ability to continue to manage the cost structure. And certainly, if we need to do more to adjust it to volume levels, we'll be doing that.
Bob Hagemann: Yes, Shelley, first I would say weather doesn't differentiate. It impacts all of our business, whether it be routine or esoteric. But as we – as Surya said, in the quarter we saw a stronger growth in the esoteric business than in the routine business. And I would say the general market slowdown is probably impacting the routine business more than the esoteric business. But the weather is having nothing to do with mix.
Bob Hagemann: Shelley, with respect to the cost and our capacity, we're really not doing anything that's going to limit our capacity to take on additional volume. So we can scale up essentially at a moment's notice, dear. This is a very scaled business. And if you look at the impact of weather, you see that because there's a disproportionate impact on the bottom line when you see the revenues drop off because of weather. Because there's not a lot other than the direct variable costs that you could pull out in that short period of time. But again, in terms of visibility, we can respond very quickly to increases in volumes of just about any sort of test. So I don't see that as an issue for us in ramping up. And that will be a very good issue to deal with.
Bob Hagemann: Adam, as I said, we continue to see mix shift and the number of tests ordered per requisition as the things that will continue to drive revenue per rec as we go forward. As Surya has said, we've got good visibility now into all of our major contracts, so there's clarity there. And we understand what the Medicare impact is going to be this year. We don't quite know exactly what it's going to be next year. But again, keep in mind that that's about 15% of our business. And we know what range we're talking about next year for Medicare. There'll be a CPI increase that will be offset by a productivity adjustment, which can't bring it down below zero. And then there's the 1.5% – 1.75% reduction, which is part of the healthcare reform package. So from a Medicare prospective, I think our greatest risk is a 1.75% reduction next year at about 15% or so of our business. But yes, I think we'll continue to see positive growth in revenue per acquisition, again, driven by the esoteric tests, the mix, and the number of tests ordered.
Bob Hagemann: No, it’s not part of a new initiative at all. And it wasn’t part of the previous initiative. It was in response to the lower volume levels that we saw.
Bob Hagemann: It was broad-based in terms of administrative functions and functions that are directly affected by volume.
Bob Hagemann: Yes, as we said, the weather impact was only 1% in the quarter. We saw a general softness across the board that we’re expecting to continue. And that's the principal reason for bringing down the volume and revenue guidance – actually, the revenue guidance.
Bob Hagemann: Okay, well yes, let me repeat it again. There were no significant contracts or customer changes to point to in the quarter. And yes, we – you’re right. We typically don’t talk about how the business is performing within the quarter. But certainly, we looked at how we ended up, how we were doing as we entered the month of April as we established our guidance.
Bob Hagemann: No, as I said, it's really the impact of the first quarter charge and the weather impact. Otherwise, margins were holding. And it’s really a function of us – two things, continuing to manage our costs. And yes, as you heard, we are seeing more of the softness on the routine side of the business. So the mix is continuing to improve and that helps margins of course.
Bob Hagemann: Surya already referenced that to some degree. But I would tell you that that's not the driver of the softness that we’ve seen. This softness is across the board. Yes, it's very consistent with what you're seeing in drug prescriptions and the like. So no, I wouldn't attribute it to in-sourcing.
Bob Hagemann: And Bill, on the tax rate issue, we don't give specific guidance on that. But yes, I wouldn't expect it to be significantly different from what we saw on the first quarter.
Bob Hagemann: Yes. In terms of the other pieces of our business that are outside of the clinical testing business, yes, they continue to be about 9% or so of our revenues. And as I said, yes, they do fluctuate a little more because they're more impacted by foreign exchange in a particular quarter. And certainly you should think about the point of care business. Yes, that's impacted by many of the same things, position office visits and the like, that our laboratory testing business is impacted by. So there is some general softness there as well. In terms of the other income expense line, yes, there's a couple of things in there, there's a – I believe it's detailed in the footnotes to the earnings release. There's a $4 million gain on an investment this quarter. But also in that line, I think we spoke about this at year end. Here are the gains and losses on the investment in the supplemental deferred comp plan. The important thing to remember about those is, to the degree that there is a gain or loss in that line, they're offset by a gain or loss that goes up in the operating income line and goes to compensation expense. So, those don't have an impact on the operating income percentage.Robert Willoughby – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Bob Hagemann: Okay. First, with respect to share repurchases, we don't give specific guidance on that. Yes, we tell folks that you should expect were going to deploy our cash first into growth opportunities with the degree that they're not available then into share repurchases. And to your second comment, we don't comment on rumors or speculations. We're focused on growing our base list.
Bob Hagemann: No, none at all. I mean Surya says earlier that, yes, we'd be looking at domestic acquisitions or regional esoteric, potentially with hospital laboratories. Point of care is an opportunity. But yes, we're also looking at investments that give us access to new testing methods and technology, so on the science and innovation side as well.
Bob Hagemann: Kemp, yes, first I would say is I'm not sure that we've seen any significant trend at all in terms of molecular diagnostics being reimbursed differently than any other testing that we do. And in fact, some of those molecular diagnostics are critically important. Yes, we talked about PLAVIX earlier. Well you can have diagnostics that help identify whether or not persons don't respond to a particular therapy. In cases like that, we're seeing significant interest on the part of health claims. So we have not seen any issues in terms of getting reimbursed for molecular diagnostics.
Bob Hagemann: Yes, Gary, the way to think about that is the majority of it is in SG&A, unlike the weather impact where the majority of that was in cost of sales. And when you look at them combined, there's maybe slightly greater impact in SG&A, but they're pretty close. There's some discussion in the footnote in the earnings release.
Bob Hagemann: Look, as we've told you repeatedly in the past, we don't think about managing it either as a cost of sales line or at the SG&A line. We're managing it at the operating income line. And yes, that's the result of – some of the decisions that we made drive costs in one line item, but save significant costs elsewhere. So that's the way we manage it. And that's also why we don't give guidance on either cost of sales or SG&A.
Bob Hagemann: Generally, it is – there're no adjustments in the depreciation line. I think if you'll look at our capital spending over the last couple of years, a few years back, we had some pretty heavy investments, which we have anniversaried at this point, so. Yes, I think you can assume that we're at a pretty good run rate in there. Although, I would tell you, in order to hit the CapEx guidance that we have for the full year, you'll see some increased capital spending later in the year and some increased depreciation attached to that.
Bob Hagemann: Well I did mention it in my prepared remarks that there is no impact on the year-over-year revenue volume at this point.
Surya Mohapatra: Sure, Tom. This is Surya. Well first of all, we believe that we are maintaining our market share of 15%. This industry is highly fragmented, and there are ups and downs in the competitive – in the marketplace. But no, that's the way the business has been. But as you've heard from us that we see a general softness maybe related to the people visiting the doctor's office. For our esoteric business group, our esoteric laboratories grew stronger than our routine sales. And that's the reason why we have been diversifying our business. Now, 36% of our business is esoteric gene-based and anatomic pathology. So we will be investing more and more towards creating and introducing more gene-based testing, more esoteric testing for cancer, cardiovascular design, and (inaudible). So that's actually our value proposition. Now, as far as the minus [ph] care contract – and again, I mentioned that over the last quarters, few quarters, we have really extended most of our contracts. And that takes away the volatility of our – there is exclusive and unexclusive. We try to really work with the payers as they want. Some payers would like to really reduce their number and being exclusive. But the advantage is that once you have an open field, you can compete on the value proposition rather than the price. So we go back to our Six Sigma technology and Six Sigma quality, and esoteric testing. So at first, the health under concern, I'm very comfortable that we can see the top line visibility and performance. Now there's one other thing about – people talk about the competitors and what we are doing with sales effectiveness. There're always a couple of competitors in a couple of areas. They will do little bit different than what we do. But whenever the market slows, and this has happened in '03, and what we are doing is basically increasing our sales effectiveness and increasing our customer engagement, whether putting specific reps in the marketplace or upgrading our talent. We have no shortage of value propositions. So we need to be in the field, getting engaged with the customers, and call on our customers more often than the competitors. So that's what we are going to do.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, I think it's very difficult to characterize a particular type of test because we got 3,000 tests. But if you think about the disease process, there's a chronic disease and there's acute disease. And then, there's a cancer and cardiovascular disease, and infectious disease. I think what Bob and I were saying is that the esoteric business is growing because there are some tests which are very specific to a particular disease, which is important, basically, cancer diagnostics for cardiovascular disease. So that's the – not the – people are not giving up. But as far as the general softness, we have to be really careful because this industry – all the trends for this industry is positive. People are getting older. There're more tests. There're more technology coming in. So what we are seeing is probably a temporary softness in the marketplace. But having said that, when the softness comes, what we are doing actually, apart from managing costs, we would increase our competitiveness via self-effectiveness and customer engagement. When you are 15% market share, there's plenty of room to grow even though there might be softness in the marketplace.
Surya Mohapatra: Adam, we have – this is not a new strategy for us over the last four or five years. So we said that we're going to diversify more and more toward esoteric, gene, and anatomic pathology. And that's what we have done. And as I told you last quarter, you will see more and more investment in esoteric and gene-based testing. And how do you really combine molecular diagnostics with anatomic pathology? So when we look at competitive landscape, we are looking at the value proposition. How do we really combine this capability that we have of molecular diagnostics with anatomic pathology and using our connectivity to provide the costumer a unique value proposition that they don't have. Now, when you look at the acquisitions space, we have a very strong pipeline of acquisitions. But as I said many times that we are not going to be anxious buyers. So we are looking at companies, which is going to help us to get more market share, whether it's cancer or cardiovascular disease. We're looking at companies, which is going to improve our science and innovation and lead us to that early stage of introducing new tests like we did with OVA1 and other stuff. So I'm very positive about how we utilize our cash to grow by investing in these higher end esoteric testing and gene-based testing.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, the healthcare reform bill does include tests and preventive measures, and without cost lifting. So obviously, this is really helping people to do – take care of themselves. But as far as our relationship with Google Health and Microsoft, and Keas, we're very positive about these relationships because at the end of the day we need to really empower patients. They need to really work with the doctors. And they have to really take some accountability for their own disease. So we are working in a number of ways to help them to stay healthy and get healthy by working with some of these Web 2.0 companies. And at the same time, we have our own initiatives where we are helping patients to get their results, and our wellness initiatives, which a number of companies and a number of health plans use for the employer base. So we're pretty excited about it. Now as far as the store front and other things, you can still go to Google Health and buy a blueprint for wellness. And that's what the patient empowerment is all about.
Surya Mohapatra: No, no. Well first of all, I think when we look at the market and we look at the area, and then we want to – the sales force is a bigger thing that we have to put to some reps in some marketplaces to penetrate more. We have to really upgrade some of these sales people to go towards the molecular diagnostics and the genetic testing, and also to launch the products appropriately. So it's just sales and marketing, along with the service we have. So it’s mainly outdoor-focused, getting onto the areas, and calling on people most.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, with regards to lab consolidation, as you know, when we look at almost all the opportunities that’s ahead of us, and the moment we are focused in the United States and as far as international is concerned, you know we're in India and Ireland, if there is an opportunity country that makes sense, we'll – we will consider that. But there is no immediate plan for having any large international laboratory acquisition for the time being.
Surya Mohapatra: Okay. Well first of all, we have been building up a good sales organization. And we are, as you know, two years ago or two-and-a-half years ago, we went into very focused sales organization for putting on a customer base, whether it's the physician, whether it's a hospital, whether it's (inaudible) or anatomic pathology, so instead of the organization just was based regionally. And that all the (inaudible) on the regional organization, we went into focused organization with sales and marketing with various customers. Now, what we're doing is taking that organization, which is already strong, to build the next one because the – our business is changing more towards esoteric and anatomic pathology. And that's actually nothing new. But what we're doing now is to accelerate that plan. And the other additional thing when we say occurring challenge is actually making sure that we have the trained people. And then we are also going to add some of the reps in the marketplace, which we're not planning. But we're going to do that because of the softness in the market. And we'll work harder to maintain our market share. And we can all of us do better. So this is actually the next phase of going into the sales organization, which we've been building over the last two years.
Surya Mohapatra: You're absolutely right. There are good people available. And we have a lot of good people here, too. And we want to make sure that we have the right talent. And pharma have good people on (inaudible) concern. We're also adding some young people who are coming from other industries. The key is we need to have a very engaging self-organization, along with superior surveys. And what you are seeing now is a little bit of (inaudible) and because of the slowness in the marketplace.
