Kathleen Valentine: Thank you and good morning. I’m here with Surya Mohapatra, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Bob Hagemann, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of our commentary and answers to questions may contain forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the days that they are made and which reflect management’s current estimates, projections, expectations or beliefs and which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and outcomes to be materially different. Risks and uncertainties that may affect the future results of the company include, but are not limited to adverse results from pending or future government investigations, lawsuits or private actions, the competitive environment, changes in government regulations, changing relationships with customers, payers, suppliers and strategic partners, and other factors described in the Quest Diagnostics 2009 form 10-K, quarterly report on form10-Q and current reports on form 8-K. A copy of our earnings press release is available and the text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the quarterly update section of our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analyses are also available on the website. Now here is Surya Mohapatra.
Kathleen Valentine: Dawn, this is Kathleen. You did mention we did get preliminary [feature] certification. We are expecting final [feature] certification by the end of the year. As you heard in our prepared remarks, we're pleased to see that we've got over 1000 active physicians using EHR and we just launched it at the end of Q1 this year. So we're pleased with the uptick in what we're seeing in the EHR adoption.
Kathleen Valentine: We do look at that, Dawn, in terms of across all of the Care360 solutions from lab orders and results on through EHR and we do see an uptick in the business we get from those existing physician customers when we either install or upgrade their solution within the Care360 product offering. So it truly is a stickiness benefit for us and that's one of the reasons the physicians choose it. But it makes running their practice much easier.
Kathleen Valentine: Yes, I mean, we'll certainly comply with what Palmetto has put out there in terms of submitting our claims in a way that we'll get paid. I think Palmetto is maybe kind of getting out ahead and leading the pack in terms of what AMA is now looking at. From that perspective we certainly support the goal of -- is looking at reimbursement that's based on an ANA like specific reimbursement, which is consistent with other sections of the CPT manual and anything that gives more clarity in terms of what the payer's specifically paying for we think is a good thing but we want to make sure that we get appropriately paid for any test that we perform.
Bob Hagemann: The contract changes were fully reflected in the second quarter and, yes, just continuing this quarter. Essentially, what you see is revenue per acquisition in Q3 essentially flat with where it was in Q2 and really what's driving the change in the year-over-year comparison is really the comps at this point. But we've got stability in revenue per acquisition and we're not expecting the absolute level of revenue per acquisition to change significantly from where it's at in the fourth quarter.
Bob Hagemann: While we continue to see in-sourcing of both the technical and professional component, there are some signs that the rate of that is beginning to slow.
Bob Hagemann: Well, I'm not sure exactly what's causing it at this point. But, yes, as we've indicated previously we do believe that this in-sourcing is essentially a form of self referral which it creates unnecessary utilization and we're working through that with our lobbying through [Acola] and others to try and alert legislators and policy makers to that effect.
Bob Hagemann: Yes, Ralph, the one thing that I would point out is -- I mean, you're right. Q4 implied guidance does indicate that we'll see a little further softening in revenue growth in Q4. One of the things that's important to keep in mind is that last year's fourth quarter benefitted from the flu season, the H1N1 scare. We are not expecting this year's flu season to be anything like that. In fact, we're expecting it to be a more normal flu season. But that's something that we've anticipated all along in our guidance. That's not what's driving the change in guidance. It's really what's driving how Q4 looks relative to the other quarters.
Bob Hagemann: Well, it's an area that we continue to pay a lot of attention to and despite some of the challenges with the economy this year and the like, we've been able to continue to drive down bad debt. It's an area that we deploy a lot of sic sigma resources against. Our focus is really on continuous improvement there. While I think there are continued opportunities to further drive down bad debt, they're not as significant, obviously, as when our bad debt was in the high single digits. But, yes, I do think there continue to be opportunities. They'll be a function of decreased use of electronic ordering. Ultimately, as well, when we see more insured patients as a result of healthcare reform I think that's going to also serve to help reduce bad debt.
Bob Hagemann: Well, certainly, for the rest of this year we're not expecting significant changes in revenue per acquisition in absolute terms. Next year, as you know, we'll likely have a medicare fee decrease, which will put some downward pressure but we continue to expect that growth in g-based and esoteric testing and test mix is going to have a positive impact on revenue per acquisition. But as we said the last quarter and even prior to that, the big driver of our historic increases in revenue per acquisition has been test mix, business mix, number of tests ordered per acquisition. We expect that that will continue to have a positive influence. What we'll see, I think, going forward is as things like the importer solutions where the drugs of abuse testing business grows, that puts some downward pressure on it but that's, frankly, not a bad thing to have that business growing. It's just changing the mix a little bit.
Bob Hagemann: What we have coming up over the course of the next several years is, in terms of renewals, is significantly less than we would have had in a typical year on average.
Bob Hagemann: Darren, typically what you see in terms of contract language is that we'll work together and sometimes we outline how we might work together and the like but plan design changes are something that we can't contractually obligate the plan to do because that involves the employer as well. Yes, as you heard earlier, we are working jointly with health plans and employers to t4ry and get them to understand why those plan design changes are necessary and in some cases have been very successful in that regard. We're encouraged by what we see and think that we'll see more of it.
Bob Hagemann: Well, the grandfathering question is a good question. I think, yes, based upon the data I've seen it's probably split 50, 50 as to whether or not companies are actually trying to keep their plans grandfathered. I mean, there's pluses and minuses, as you know, to that. But what we've seen and what we've been doing with the plans is in addition to plan design changes, making it more attractive for them to stay in network and the like we've been working with the health plans to educate the employers and their employees about the benefits of staying in network, even if there's not necessarily a plan design change, educating them about the benefits of lower cost, educating them about the convenience that we offer with our patient service centers and the like and it's resonated. We expect that we'll continue to do that.
Bob Hagemann: Dawn, let me clarify. First of all, the additional share repurchase authorization is not limited to the fourth quarter. I want to clarify that. It's open-ended in terms of timeframe. The reason that it's a relatively small authorization compared to what you've historically seen is we're thinking of this as a bridge to what we might do in the first quarter because right now we're in our whole capital planning process. We'll think about the level of share repurchase authorization that we want for 2011 beyond and we'll inform you as to what we're doing there in January as we typically do when we provide full-year guidance. But we are not trying to send a signal that there is no deal activity that will in fact -- I think I did mention in the prepared remarks that the big variable in any quarter is the deal activity. So don’t necessarily assume that we're going to complete that $250 million in the fourth quarter. We've just now got that flexibility to do it.
Bob Hagemann: Dawn, to reinforce what Kathleen just said, it's not necessarily increased utilization on the part of the physican but we're getting more of that physician's work because it's easier to deal with us, we're more embedded into the workflow, et cetera.
Bob Hagemann: I wouldn't say necessarily switching, Kevin. Yes, as we indicated last quarter and I reinforced this quarter, this has been something that we've been doing for probably the last 18 months or so. It's really designed for us to be able to change the dialogue with the health plans. Make sure, one, that we have visibility into reimbursement; make sure that we have access to the health plan members but now change the dialogue from one of regularly discussing contract terms and the like to one where we're working together to figure out how to capture that leakage. As Surya has said, yes, I think we're starting to see the benefits of that now. Our discussions with the health plans are much more focused now on what we can do to drive this work in network, which is beneficial, obviously, to us but also to the health plan, the employers and the members. So, to me, that's the other real benefit associated with this.
Bob Hagemann: Right and interesting enough, Kevin, sometimes in that regard you would think that the health plans have state of the art analytic capabilities. In some cases they don't have what you'd expect and we can provide some better insights than they can as to where the testing volume is going and the like and what type of testing, et cetera, based upon what type of physician, all those things. The other thing I would tell you is, without getting into too much detail here, we can work with the employer and the health plan to make using Quest Diagnostics even more convenient. That's some of what we're doing as well which is driving business to us.
Bob Hagemann: We have, Kevin. As you'd expect, any time you add providers to a contract you'd expect that they would pick up some business and that certainly has happened. Yes, I would characterize it as not material to our overall results and in line with our expectations and fully built into the guidance that we provided.
Bob Hagemann: Well, it is absolute growth. I would imagine that the comps will continue to get easier. But it truly is absolute growth year-over-year.
Bob Hagemann: One of the things I'd reinforce as well is any of the panels that we've got out there we believe are driven by what's medically necessary and clinically relevant. So in terms of code stacking and piling things on I feel as though we're in a very good position and supported by medical necessity.
Bob Hagemann: On an individual test like that I think it continues to be education, education of the physicians, education of the health plans, the utility that these tests have and that's what going to drive the utilization of them. I don't necessarily think that what Palmetto is doing is going to dramatically affect the uptick of those type tests.
Bob Hagemann: Absolutely, Tom. That's what Surya referred to in his comments. But, yes, I would tell you that we're increasingly confident that these are the right things to do. We're seeing some signs of progress and we're encouraged by that. But we would obviously like it to be benefitting us quicker. As I said, we're seeing some positive signs at this point and believe we're on the right track.
Bob Hagemann: Well, Tom, we are certainly continuing to make progress with the AmeriPath bad debt, so when you think about prior acquisitions and drivers of -- that's certainly part of it. It's not all of it though. This is -- it's an area where it's a business of details. As I told you, we're a sic sigma organization. We apply those principals to everything that we do and there's hundreds of millions of transactions that go through billing every day. To the degree that we can touch them just a few less times we can save ourselves not only bad debt but we can also reduce the cost of the billing operation. That's the way we're going to continue to approach it. It's going to be incremental for the most part but I would say that there's no one big area. One area that we are getting some benefit from though is a little bit of mix patient billing, which is one of the biggest sources of bad debt, is down year-over-year and that's contributed a little bit to the improvement that we've seen as well.
Bob Hagemann: To Surya's point, he characterized it as an investment which it absolutely is, Gary. As you think about this the health plans are introducing us more and more to the employers and if they're going to introduce us to employers, have us much more ingrained in that employer, they want to know that there's a long-term relationship there. These longer contracts are an enabler to that.
Bob Hagemann: There was nothing significant in the third quarter. Basically, what you're seeing is just a carry over of what we've done last year and earlier this year.
Bob Hagemann: We're expecting revenue per acquisition to be relatively unchanged over the course of the remainder of the year.
Bob Hagemann: What guidance always includes is us deploying our cash, whether it be into acquisitions or share repurchases. We typically, Ricky, don't give specific guidance as to how much we'll be doing in terms of share repurchases. But generally the guidance assumes that we're putting the cash flow to work.
Bob Hagemann: Yes, Ricky, there's nothing specific relative to Empire that we're factoring in that would cause Q4 growth to look different than Q3 growth. The principal driver of the differences I said earlier is our view of the flu season, the fact that we're not going to have the H1N1 scare that we had last year. But, yes, I think in terms of sequential progress, we feel good about the progress that we're making there. It doesn't have -- you don't see the results necessarily within one quarter. It takes time for these to show up in the results but we do feel as though we're continuing to make progress there.
Bob Hagemann: I wouldn't say that we're expecting the overall environment to slow down. We're expecting physician office visits to be comparable and not change significantly. The one thing that I would say is we do expect a little bit of softness in our non-clinical testing business in the fourth quarter. The risk assessment business continues to be soft. The clinical trials business, we probably have good visibility , at least a quarter out into that business. We expect that to be a little softer in Q4 as well.
Bob Hagemann: Steven, some of that -- obviously a big piece of that is already absorbed and reflected in Q3. The interesting thing is while you get the cost up front you don't get the full benefit of the sales force until they're trained, they're up and running and they're out in the field. We're starting to see the productivity starting to ramp up at this point. So we're expecting going forward we're going to see a nice return on that investment.
Bob Hagemann: Steven, as Surya indicated earlier, that business is under significant pressure. We aren't breaking it out at this point and we'll consider providing some more information at the end of the year.
Bob Hagemann: No, Amanda, that's a component of it but the principal reason for the change in the revenue guidance is that some of these things that we're working on that we put in place are just delivering results a little further out than we had anticipated.
Bob Hagemann: Correct. Right, so you should think about the adjustment in guidance as being principally due to volume.
Bob Hagemann: No. I think the esoteric business we feel good about that it's continuing to grow. As we indicated, it grew 4% in the quarter. But just the overall business I wouldn't differentiate between the routine and the esoteric at this point in terms of what caused us to adjust the guidance.
Bob Hagemann: Sequential -- well, the mix, we've seen that switch throughout the year. We haven't necessarily gotten a benefit in mix in this quarter. In fact, as the drugs of abuse testing business grows that puts pressure on the mix because that's lower price business.
Bob Hagemann: Anthony, yes, here's the way that we should think about the percentage of gene-based, esoteric and [endotopic] pathology of the total business. If generally a test starts out as esoteric, if we're lucky it actually becomes routine over time and the vo0lumes ramp up significantly because it's becoming much more widely utilized. So you think about the life cycle of a test, it starts out as esoteric, over time moves to routine. So that sort of puts a natural governor on how big a percentage esoteric business can become of your total book of business. But, yes, I would expect though that it would continue to grow over time but we don't have a specific target there.
Bob Hagemann: Anthony, yes, as we indicated earlier, the physician office visits, at least for the first two months of the third quarter, were pretty much in line with what we saw in the second quarter and that's down between 4% and 5%. We're not expecting that to change dramatically over the course of this year. As we think about 2011, again, we'll give you some better insights into 2011 in January. But at this point our guidance for the rest of this year does not anticipate any significant swing one way or the other in how physician office visits behave.
Bob Hagemann: Kemp, that's an interesting question and it's a significant number. I would tell you in some cases when you look at what's either off contract or going to the higher cost providers on contract it could be multiples of what the large commercial labs are actually realizing at this point. So it's a big opportunity. Obviously a lot of it's in with the hospitals and it doesn't necessarily all need to be moving off contract spend. In a lot of cases you can shift contracted spend to lower cost providers and that's part of what we're looking to do as well.
Bob Hagemann: Well, when you just think about the total market, hospitals account for 60% of the total market and add on top of that the fact that there are other providers that are not contracted, so it gives you some sense as to the total size of the opportunity.
Bob Hagemann: It depends because each plan is approaching it differently. It varies by national plan as well as some of the regional plans. But in some cases they're outright denying reimbursement and they're indicating two physicians they will not reimburse for certain testing performed in the office.
Bob Hagemann: Yes, Gary, as we said in the past we look principally at the operating income number as opposed to the split between cost of sales and SG&A although we do manage both of those lines. But as you heard Surya indicate in his prepared remarks, we made some investments in phlebotomists, whether they be in physician's office, whether they be in our patient service centers. We've opened up new PSCs. Those costs all go into cost of sales. So that's where you're seeing some investment dollars right now. Additionally, we indicated that we're accelerating the pace with which we've been converting physicians onto our Care360 and the cost of those conversions, the training, the installation and the like also goes into cost of sales. So as we work down that backlog of physicians waiting to get on and we accelerate the work we've done with that backlog, that adds to some costs in the near term.
Bob Hagemann: Gary, I will tell you that in terms of revenue for subscription fees and the like we're not expecting that to be material because that's the EHR piece of it. But certainly as people go on to our latest Care360 product we do continue to see benefits on the building side. We get better billing information and the like and that has historically been one of the things that's helped us reduce and manage our bad debt levels. So that's an area as we see more and more electronic connectivity we'll continue to benefit.
Bob Hagemann: Bob, look, we continue to take a look at what we think is appropriate and at this point we believe that what we're providing is appropriate to help you understand the business, the absolute revenue per acquisition and absolute pricing we think is something that is valuable information that we keep confidential at this point because it is competitive information. We'll continue to try and provide you the information that you need to understand how the business is performing without providing what we believe is sensitive competitive information.
Bob Hagemann: Bob, as Surya indicated earlier in his prepared remarks, we have over 1000 users on the EHR at this point.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, when we saw this year -- when we observed slowness in the marketplace and the less number of physician office visits, we said that we are going to enhance our sales people, hire some people where we didn't have [upgrade] people, train them in genetic and esoteric testing and cancer diagnostics and we're going to improve our service. Although the office visits are down by 4% but our revenue decline is 1.7% so we feel that we are seeing the revenue decline is moderating and now that we have surprising stability the sales force effectiveness is improving.
Surya Mohapatra: Some health plans have already taken into that consideration and they're restricting reimbursement in in-sourcing.
Surya Mohapatra: First of all, we work very closely with the health plans and all our large contracts are done and we have contracts beyond 2012 and now we actually turn our focus to work with them very closely to reduce their leakage.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, Darren, the most important thing, I feel very, very encouraged with the work that's going on with the health plan organization and [our] organization. When you look at how much leakage the health plans have and how much extra money employees are paying now we are working now with the health plans and their employer clients and providing information to our sales people and to the health plan themselves to really reduce leakage. So I feel pretty good about the work that's going on there.
Surya Mohapatra: First of all, we're not giving any message actually. In fact, the message we're giving that our preference will be to have acquisitions which will make, as I said, economic and strategic sense. But we're not going to really buy things for buying sake and that when those things are not available in reasonable terms we are saying that we're going to return money to shareholders.
Surya Mohapatra: Let me first talk about the tests. As you know, we are focused on three diseases. There's cancer, infections disease and cardiovascular disease. The current tests, which are really growing double-digit tests as I said about Vitamin D and ImmunoCAP for allergy testing, Leumeta for lymphoma and leukemia. But the tests which are in the pipeline and we are very excited about -- we just introduced OVA1 for ovarian cancer. We will promote Septin 9 ColoVantage for colorectal cancer, AccuType CP which is for the Plavix therapy and some of the personalized what you call the companion diagnostics like [EZ for pathways]. So there's a number of tests that's in the pipeline and I feel good about where our science and innovation is bringing new products. So that's about the tests. With regards to EHR and Care360, as I said, I was very excited that Care360 just passed 40 billion tests, so this is not like buying an EHR system from an IT company who is not really using it every day. So the advantage of our Care360 EHR is that it is a system which is fully tested. Since we introduced it almost 1000 doctors are using it and, as you know, we have partnered with Hewlett Packard to provide an integrated system with hardware and software and now it is being promoted by AMA, so we are very, very encouraged about the future of our EHR.
Surya Mohapatra: We have a very active program on M&A and we constantly evaluate what is available. But we are primarily focused on the M&A which is going to help us, our genetic esoteric and with all the (inaudible) laboratories or the hospitals. So I think it boils down to what makes economic sense and what makes strategic sense and we are very encouraged at what is available now in cancer diagnostics and in the genetic field.
Surya Mohapatra: Sure, Tom. As we move our company to more and more esoteric and gene-based testing -- at the moment we are -- 35% to 36% of our revenue is gene-based and esoteric testing. We are moving more and more towards disease-based solutions like cancer, infectious disease and cardiovascular disease. So the first thing we have to do is upgrade our sales force. So we have been doing this over the last 12 months and then as we saw the market softening and this less number of physician office visits we decided to put new people in new areas, especially in cancer diagnostics and allergy pathology and gene-based testing. We have added 100 new people and they will be selling in areas where we never sold before. So although it is taking some time -- but I have seen the sales people and I feel pretty confident that what we are doing is building up a very good sales organization which is focused on customer segment and subspecialty segments which is going to pay off in the long term.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, (inaudible), anatomic pathology is going through a tremendous challenge. However, what we are seeing is some leveling off in the in-sourcing. I think people are realizing that when you have in-sourcing you have overutilization and we are working with our (inaudible) system and CAP to really provide the data and also some health plans have now figured out actually that they are paying more. Now, having said that, it is a business challenge but the future is very bright because we have got (inaudible) in allergy pathology and cancer diagnostics and we're going to build on that.
Surya Mohapatra: Septin 9 ColoVantage, we are pretty excited about it and we are doing a soft launch and it's going to be promo-ed very soon.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, it's not only the contract extensions. I think if you just think about how much time we spend trying to see every two or three years [renewing] the contract and this uncertainty about what is exclusive and non-exclusive and the fact that we have now worked with them -- and remember we're working with them and they [opinion is that] if we have a longer period we can invest together in certain activities like analytics, like informatics, like working with them. That has really changed the focus just like negotiating to reduce unit cost. Now we are talking about to really reduce leakage. So it's a culture change when you have a longer period. That's the most important thing I find and I see. I am very encouraged.
Surya Mohapatra: No, I think that's not the case, actually. We've been working with them also. I think what you are saying is maybe everything is coming together in the healthcare reform, uncertainty is actually what is happening in the health care costs, so all these things have come together. I think looking back some of the things we have done along with the investment we are making in the company is we're in a better place to work with the health plans and the employers, so it's not a question that they were not working and these contracts are going to give us opportunities, just give us a longer period to invest and work rather than every two years we spend time negotiating and reducing unit cost.
Surya Mohapatra: Sure. I think you started with, number one, with the easy one, with the four (inaudible), the regional labs and some hospital laboratories. So those things are what I call that we do it in due course of business, so there's number one. Number two is anything that is going to help us in cardiovascular disease, cancer diagnostics and infections disease, so that one's genetic and esoteric testing and cancer diagnostics including allergy pathology because those three diseases we are focused. As you know, I have always said that our future is in science and innovation, so the second tier, which is the most of our [war] going on, is do we have acquisitions available to help us in cancer diagnostics in genetic and esoteric? Then the third one, once those are done, then we look at actually the point of care (inaudible) testing. We have invested in India and it's a long-term investment and we are not looking at any major international acquisitions in the short term. So those are the strategies.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, I think the main in-sourcing we have see, actually, [other than] oncology is allergy pathology actually and GI and GU. Did you mean that were they going to do any clinical testing? Physicians still have their fees in office labs. So it refers to only AP.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, we're not going to make any announcement about what we're looking at. But all I can tell you is that we're very active in looking at assets which is going to help our company. As I told you, we're going to focus on cancer, cardiovascular studies and infectious disease. We have our strategies and services and laboratory and licensing and getting tests but if we get appropriate assets on point of care (inaudible) that's also not off the radar.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, internationally we have the clinical trials business and the product business. (Inaudible) doing well and they're on their plan but when you think about the laboratory services our major investment in India and we're now focused on a growth plan. It is a long-term investment but I think although it would take some time but that's the right thing to do because there's a lot of opportunity in India with the 300 million middle class. But it is very small and very (inaudible).
Surya Mohapatra: Yes, we will do that and I think as we gain ground and we're getting established and I think we provide some data as far as how many people are using e-prescription and how many users -- but, Bob, we will look at those things (inaudible).
