Dan Haemmerle: Thank you. Good morning. I am here with Steve Rusckowski, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Guinan, our Chief Financial Officer. During this call we may make forward-looking statements and also discuss non-GAAP measures. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risk and uncertainties that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include but are not limited to those described in Quest Diagnostics 2013 annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Our earnings press release is available and the text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the investor relations quarterly update section of our website at www.QuestDiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results, supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now here is Steve Rusckowski.
Dan Haemmerle: Sure. The 1% to 2% is really the range that we have given at our 2012 Investor Day and it related to the period 2013 to 2015. So if you look at that period, that 1% to 2% range we still feel pretty good about what we said for next year. No specific guidance but we would expect that reimbursement pressure will be more along the lines of what you saw in 2014.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes. So the clinical lab fee schedule on the Medicare side has been reduced for 2015. It is a combination of a couple of different factors but it is going to be a reduction of about 25 basis points and on the physician fee schedule that is one where there is some codes - some codes that have moved up, some codes that have moved down and net net it is really essentially neutral in rounding in terms of how you think about overall impact.
Steve Rusckowski: Sure. Well, in 2012, we laid out those businesses that were core and those things we would consider our options for. One of those categories were our drug assets. We actually monetized one of those as you will recall with ibrutinib. We still have one remaining. That is something we would consider. And then also we talked about our products business, Celera products is a product line if you will that we talked about. So those are 2 that we would consider our options for.
Steve Rusckowski: No, first of all, we don't believe it should go through. We believe it is not good regulation. We already have regulation with CLIA. If we need to do a better job with quality and regulatory approvals, then we should improve CLIA. In that regard, the FDA has heard some of the feedback through their panels, is reviewing what we have been talking about. So we will see where this evolves but we have no estimate of what it would cost us at this point if in fact it were to go through.
Steve Rusckowski: What we said is that we believe the market - when we do our models - this is mid- to long-term market growth - would grow 2% to 3% and this is for the independent commercial lab market so it excludes commercial outreach businesses from hospitals. In that number we have anticipated growth in population, we have anticipated growth in insured lives, gradual build in lives that have insurance from the Affordable Care Act. We have also considered the advancements of what we do is also going to provide some growth in the marketplace. So that is what we believe the growth to be. We also shared in the fall that we said back to years ago what we will do is show gradual improvement in our organic revenues. We needed to first stop the decline. We needed to flatten out and what you've seen in the back half is that actually we do believe we have underlying organic growth. In this quarter we actually did show organic revenue growth. So we are progressing with our improvement step-by-step. We need to next grow with the market and then finally start growing faster than the market gaining share. So that is the progress we are making. What we laid out today for guidance for 2015 is consistent with that view.
Steve Rusckowski: I will share with you - I wouldn't say that they are holding back. What we are doing is we're trying to work through this rulemaking process with them and if you think of about gathering all the data that they need to gather to get a real thorough reflection of the market, it is very complex. So you are dealing with all the independent commercial labs, big and small. You are dealing with all the contracts we all have with our commercial payers. And then you are dealing with all the different diagnostic tests that we have. And then also you are dealing with hospitals. And so part of this is trying to understand how they are going to require the reporting for a representative view of the market. It was always in the intention of the bill, it is in a bill that hospitals are part of the market and therefore they need to report. And what they are working through is how they are going to be able to accomplish what was intended by the bill from Congress and that is what they are working through. With anything, it just takes time. We haven't seen where they are with it. We continue the dialogue so as we said in our remarks, we are hopeful that we will see the rules in 2015 as we should so we can collect the data in 2016 and we shouldn't see an adjustment to the clinical lab piece scheduled sooner in 2017. And that is still the timetable we are working with and we are doing everything we can to help them to make sure they do realize that they will get our market representative view including all participants of the markets - the market including hospitals.
Steve Rusckowski: I would say this is we have a right strategy. We have always had the strategy of getting a portion of our growth from acquisitions. We said 1% to 2%. As you know, we are higher than that number in 2014. We believe we will have some opportunities that as Mark said are not in our guidance in 2015. If you look at what we have acquired in the past, we think that's some hospital outreach businesses that we believe will be accretive to us. We picked up some regional laboratories, 1 big one with Solstas and then we bought a couple of business that are in a faster growing part of the market, this is Summit in wellness and also a business in drug for our solutions testing business which is quite strong for us. So we are optimistic that we do have a reasonable pipeline for acquisitions and we believe we will meet again our commitment of that 1% to 2% topline growth in acquisitions in 2015. As far as is there more interest or less interest, I won't comment on that. I would just say it is consistent with what we have seen so far. But healthcare in general is going to consolidate and we will be a consolidator and therefore we think for the mid- to the long-term this is the strategy.
Steve Rusckowski: And Amanda, we saw, as Mark said, some growth in esoteric, we also saw overall continued progression and improvement in our overall test per requisition as well.
Steve Rusckowski: Isaac, one other comment just on the 2012 strong performance. Keep in mind there were some tax payments that got deferred into 2013 related to Hurricane Sandy and some benefit related to some interest-rate swaps so a couple of items there that helped that 2012 performance.
Steve Rusckowski: So what we have said in 2014 is we started to see some modest underlying improvement particularly around Medicaid lives with the expansion of Medicaid in many of the states. That was probably the most notable lives that we saw entering the system. And as I said earlier as far as our market projections, we do believe there is going to be gradually more insured lives in this country going forward and when those matured lives enter the system they are going to need what we do and that is a good fact. We think the Medicaid volume dynamic we saw in 2014 will continue. We think the exchanges will continue to build and then we also think the employer mandate will help us as well. So this will be a gradual build. We haven't given specifics but it is already assumed in our view of the market and assumed in our view of our guidance or outlook for 2015.
Steve Rusckowski: First of all, what we said before, we are doing every quarter we do a dipstick reading on what is going on with our underlying volumes and you heard in my remarks to start this call, we actually are calling it now on a same provider basis. So we are taking good existing customers, we are comparing year-on-year assuming that whatever volume increases we see there are really truly utilization increases. What we said last what are we will continue to say this today, we are seeing some slight improvement in underlying utilization and we think that is a good indication of what could be happening in the marketplace but that is what we have seen so far. As far as pricing on the exchanges, we actually have said in the past we think it is consistent with what we see in general in our commercial contracts so we feel okay about that for now.
Steve Rusckowski: What we saw happening in the last 2 or 3 years is hospitals buying physicians and as they bought physicians their trying to direct a lot of the laboratory services to their outreach businesses and that did have an effect on this industry. The overall acquisition of physicians by integrated delivery systems continues but they are running out of some room. Obviously in the specialist areas, most of the specialists in some specialist areas are already working for integrated delivery services or integrated delivery networks like cardiologists but there is still some primary care practices that are starting to pull in. With that said, we believe it is less of a dynamic than we have seen in the past but it is still a dynamic, they do compete with us in the marketplace and that is why it is so important that when we look at this market based view on prices that we will use for the refresh of the clinical lab fee schedule that we include them in the market.
Steve Rusckowski: This is why we have focused on this as one of our 3 platforms of growth in our restore growth strategies. We built a laboratory professional services business and what we are doing is having a dialogue with the CEO and CFO of integrated delivery systems around their labs strategy which would include how we can help them run their inpatient plan which we call laboratory management and what we can do to be a bigger strategic supplier for their more advanced testing we call reference testing. And then finally is what are their plans around outreach. And in those dialogues and I will share with you that our funnel and our prospect list of those conversations has built to a higher level than we would have anticipated. The interest of having the dialogue has increased and very rarely do we find a C-suite of an integrated delivery system not interested in that discussion. So what you are talking about and what you are asking is right in line with our strategy and we are still very optimistic about the prospects on this part of our strategy.
Steve Rusckowski: Remember the 2% to 3% does include the carryover on acquisitions. It doesn't contemplate new acquisitions. And what you have seen is our progress on the underlying organic volumes over the last several quarters and particularly in the back half, we are tracking at a better level than we did in the first half. So that is why we feel good about our outlook for 2015.
Mark Guinan: There always could be exceptions. Obviously we are continuously evaluating our portfolio of business relationships. But as we said, that was kind of a one-time exercise to look across the broad portfolio and you should not expect that kind of volume impact certainly going forward into the future. So yes, we will continue to look at every relationship, make sure that they all make sense but I think you would consider what we did in the second quarter somewhat extraordinary and not a normal procedure that you should continue to see going forward.
Mark Guinan: So a couple of things, Bill. In 2014, we talked about the fact that we had 3 things that really were impacting our ability to leverage Invigorate. One was price which was less severe than 2013 but was still there. The second one is our annual wage inflation and then the third piece was this management comp issue which really is hopefully a one-time year-over-year bad guy compare because of the underperformance in 2013. So when you add all those pieces up as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, those certainly were a headwind to leveraging the P&L. The other thing is we are still early in some of the acquisitions while we have made progress and certainly they are more profitable than when we acquired those businesses, we are not fully synergized. We just have some of that in front of us so you are adding a fairly significant book of revenue that is not at our going operating margins and therefore based on math, it shows some deleverage. As we laid out the plan in the Investor Day, tried to make clear that going forward we expect that leverage so we are giving a view that certainly we are going to grow income faster than the top line and that is really going to come from 3 things. One is to complete those synergies. The second thing as we return to growth and I think you've seen, we are making continued progress and we said it is going to grow in strength over the 3 years of that horizon. So we expect more organic growth and getting up to market growth toward the latter part and not immediately in 2015. That drop through will help us to leverage. And then the third piece maybe most importantly is that Invigorate will be large enough that it will offset any pricing and wage inflation headwinds and contribute to the bottom line which we have not been able to do in prior years.
Mark Guinan: Yes, they are contributing to EPS as I said not at a margin ratio of the organic book of business. When we executed the deals, we talked about in the first half them being fairly breakeven and then contributing in the back half. So we haven't given a specific EPS contribution number, Bill, but it is positive and it will continue to improve throughout 2015 as well.
Mark Guinan: Yes, certainly we expect cash flow to grow commensurate with our earnings growth going forward. You know the calendar, there is not even weeks in a calendar so every 7th year you end up with this payroll cycle issue. It is tens of millions of dollars so it is significant. And then the management comp piece which you will be able to see within the proxy and so on and so forth is also tens of millions of dollars. So really the $80 million decline that we are implying based on the guidance is more than covered by these 2 items so without these items we would be growing our operating cash flow and really these 2 items are explaining why it is down.
Mark Guinan: No change. In our 5-point strategy, we talk about the fact that we are committed to a majority of our free cash flow returning to shareholders and then above and beyond that we weight the best use of cash or the most critical need for that cash and typically we say we balance that between M&A and additional share buybacks. Given the M&A we executed last year, we did take on some significant debt and we have been paying down that debt. So really this comment is more of a short-term - the guidance that we are giving, it includes a flat share count. At the Investor Day, I just for simplicity sake, I gave you earnings growth without share reductions, that does not imply that going forward there could not potentially be buybacks to reduce our shares outstanding. But it was really just to make it a little clearer in terms of what we were suggesting. For 2015, we have not in our guidance we have not assumed a reduction in our share count and we wanted to make sure that was clear.
Mark Guinan: Yes, I think that is reasonable. As I am sure you understand when you have amortization fall off $0.04 approximately from 2014 to 2015, it actually makes the cash EPS look less favorable, I wouldn't expect that kind of a change every single year going forward. So it kind of confounds the comparison a little bit. So that is why we thought it was important to make clear that we started with the 6% to 10% on the old basis and then we kind of did the math and bridged to the cash. And so instead of $0.40 which it was in 2014, it is actually $0.36 in 2015 the amortization that we are adjusting out.
Mark Guinan: This is Mark. It was completely revenue based and nothing to do with cost. And I'm sure you are familiar with some of the ways that you work through differences between buyer and seller over the projection of the business going forward is setting up some of these contingent considerations or earn outs. And without getting into too much detail, you might assume that the seller have a view and we have a little different view and so that is the way we came to an agreement on the purchase price. So we are happy with the performance of Summit. It is meeting our expectations. It may have fell short from some potential upside that would have given the seller some upside in the purchase price.
Mark Guinan: Yes, so the 1% to 2% included 3% in 2013 and so that was not 1% or 2% every year. It was a CAGR and then to be clear as Dan said, we said 2015 should be more like this past year.
Mark Guinan: Yes, it was a help. As we introduce new offerings like BRCA that tend to have a higher value per requisition, certainly that helps. Some of the headwinds that we have had in the past as we have always shared has been really in the pathology part of our business which does also have a high value per requisition and some of these reimbursement cuts in that space which certainly has impacted overall revenue per requisition. And again, I want to stress that you should not assume there is a direct relationship between higher revenue per requisition as a higher margin and lower revenue per requisition as a lower margin. It can be a little bit misleading at times depending on whether it goes up or down and making an assumption on that impact on the bottom line. So we really expect as we continue to go forward overall to see favorable mix as we introduce some of these new higher value service offerings.
Mark Guinan: Yes, it used to be higher. If you look at what we said, the reimbursement pressure was less than 50 basis points, the business and test mix offset that to get us from a revenue per requisition perspective essentially flat. So it is something less than 50 basis points is a fair way to think about it.
Mark Guinan: The guidance that we provided is $850 million in operating cash flow and $300 million approximately in capital. Certainly 2012 when you look back 2012, the EPS was again higher than 2013, 2014. We are starting to get back to that relative level. We do have some - as I said, some headwinds this year. Again back to that payroll cycle again, it is the same amount of expense flowing through the P&L. It just happens that if you cut the checks on December 31 instead of January 1, it happens to hit your operating cash flow in 1 year versus the next year. So that is really the anomaly that I think distorting our cash flow both operating and free cash flow in 2015 relative to really the performance trend. So we are very focused on cash. Hopefully, Isaac, you see that. We have said that we expect cash to grow commensurate with earnings. As we move forward and get the high single digits to potentially 10% compound earnings growth over the next several years, you should expect cash to be in that ballpark.
Mark Guinan: We use similar financial metrics that we would use for an acquisition so we look at kind of the standalone. If we continue to hold onto that asset and what kind of value creation we think would take place if we held onto it and then we would look at what the market might offer us for that same cash flow. Or potentially in the cases where we monetize where they may have a better view of cash flow and think they can do better with the assets than we could. And that is where you can end up finding a deal. So it is really back down to the financial metrics around NPBs and looking at the return on invested capital and things like the earnings impact. That is the evaluation we use.
Mark Guinan: Yes, what I will tell you Bryan, is it is significantly less than 1% so it is not at the 1%. It certainly is helpful and I was asked this question at the previous call that it is small millions. It is not several pennies but it is certainly helpful to our cost at this point.
