Stephen H. Rusckowski: Thanks, Mark. Well, to summarize, again, 2013 was a building year for Quest. We saw sequential improvement in the fourth quarter and we continue to make good progress. Despite the current tough environment, Diagnostic Information Services remain critical to health-care delivery and we believe this industry is attractive. Finally, we have the right strategy to help us navigate the challenges and deliver superior shareholder returns. Now with that, we'd be happy to open it up for questions.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. Thanks, Michael, for the question. Let me start and then I'll turn it to Mark. First of all, what I said in my comments earlier is that we have set our focuses on Diagnostic Information Services. Second, I would say that Solstas has always been on our radar screen. And what we said in our five-point strategy is we would look for strategically aligned accretive acquisitions. We said on an annualized basis it would be in the 1% to 2% range. And at the same time, what we have said, we would consider larger acquisitions than what we've seen with the acquisitions we've done to date, which are 4. But at the same time, those don't come around that often. So Solstas became available. As you know, it was owned by Welsh, Carson. We went through that process. We're happily saying at this point that we're engaged to acquire Solstas. It's all dependent upon regulatory approvals. It is strategically aligned with our business, and we believe it meets our accretive thresholds that we have shared, as far as what we expect to get out of the acquisitions. So Mark would you like to add to this as far as what we expect from growth.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. I'm not going to get into more detail on the quarters as I thought it would be prudent just to mention that the weather has had impact. And I guess the good news is that we waited to give our guidance until we had a chance to see that play out. The other thing that is typical is, it depends and it really is material where the holidays fall. It depends, sometimes, quarters you have more or less billing days than last year. But there's really nothing beyond the typical things that we see year-over-year that drive a little bit of difference in quarter-to-quarter. I think the big change in which -- I'm sure everyone was familiar with, but I want to just to remind people, was the sequestration started in April 1 of last year, and then just to address the issue around the weather here in January across the country.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: It's -- what we actually spent was within our guidance for the year. So it's consistent with what we'd shared.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, let me start. First of all, consistent with what we've said in the past is that we are assuming in our guidance our strategic goal for acquisitions. So there's some portion of that in the guidance, number one. Number two is we assume some price erosion, which is consistent with our stated guidance that we provided back in 2012, which is 1% to 2%. And if you recall, we've been consistently saying that 2013 would be a stronger year, if you will, in terms of price erosion. We actually guided at 3% in 2013, and then after 2013 we'd see less. And so, therefore, we're still saying 1% to 2% for that period of time, 2013 to 2015. Second -- third is, we still are assuming some question marks around utilization. And so we put that altogether, Kevin, and that's how we came up with the 0 to down by 2%. And again this excludes Solstas.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. Yes, we have, A.J. As a matter of fact, this week, we're actively working with ACLA, our trade association. A matter of fact, we had a call to talk about where we stand. We've engaged with members of Congress. There's 2 sides of this, as you mentioned. There's the SGR fix. As you know, Washington now, there's talk about a long-term fix, not just an annual correction, if you will, for the problem. So whether that's going to be successful or not is the question and how they fund it is the other question mark. So we're in the middle of that. We are hopeful that our discussion around the broader discussion around the clinical lab fee schedule will help us. We put a proposal on the table. The proposal will allow us to prudently work with CMS of going through the codes, do this in a reasonable -- with a reasonable approach, have some time to respond, have some reasonable caps per year and do this over a period of time with good data, with good process and good discipline. They're happy to see our proposal. I mean, we're working this as the Washington process works. So we're actively on this as a trade association.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. It's a good question. First of all, we're very encouraged about our building funnel, the discussions were having. As you recall, as part of our growth strategy, we believe that many hospital systems and hospital CEOs that I engage with, many are asking a question about their lab strategy. And you've seen 1 lab strategy, you've seen 1 lab strategy, just like any strategy in health care. So what I'll share with you, eventually, when we disclose the specifics on some of these deals, you're going to see a wide range of arrangements that we have. You'll see community hospitals, where we're actually taking on all their lab activities, and it's actually a reasonable revenue number for us. You'll see chains of hospitals that have decided to partner with us. As you know, we already have joint ventures established with a number of organizations, University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, something we already have. So we are actually encouraged by the level of interest and the discussions we are having. And we are looking forward to be able to share with you some of the specifics as it gets to the place where we can disclose it. But a wide range of possibilities, as you would expect you would see in health care.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: It's hard to predict this, as you know. There's a lot effects in the fourth quarter. Obviously, this past year, there were some questions about how the holidays fell. We had an easier compare because of Sandy. Yet at the same time, there were some difficult days in terms of our weather in the Northeast. So you put it all together and we're not sure it had a material effect in Q4 other than what I just described. So hard to predict.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: That was part of our five-point strategy. We said we're going to continue to build our funnel of prospective acquisitions. They have to be strategically aligned. They have to be accretive. We've said this many times. We were targeting -- trying to get to 1% to 2% growth per year. As we've said, we've actually been on the high side of that range in 2013. We feel good about that. You saw the Solstas acquisition. What I'll share with you is we have other prospects on our list. We'll continue to evaluate those. Whether there's more on the list because of the environment, I can't say that. But again, we continue to be proactive in looking for areas where it would make sense so we can fold into our business organizations that would be aligned with what we need geographically and be able to return good returns for our shareholders.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. Unfortunately, I'm not going to give you any more color than what we have done, Darren. But I'll share with you, you're going to see, eventually when we disclose some of the arrangements, they're wide ranged. And I think this is very positive. It's not one specific type of arrangement that we'll have. And I think that speaks volumes, volumes to what we're willing to engage with health-care systems in doing. We approach many of these systems with a good reputation. We already deliver reference services to about 50% of the hospitals here in the United States. We have existing relationships in place. And so many CEOs in this integrated delivery systems are asking us for their help -- for our help in thinking through their lab strategy. And these take the form of large academic medical centers, smaller community centers, hospital chains, and they all have different plans and different expectations and we'll work with them, provided that in the end, we can deliver what they're asking for and second is, we'll get growth and a good return on invested capital. So it's a broad range of possibilities. And as we start to disclose this, you'll get a better feel for the different types of arrangements we'll have. And I think it speaks volumes again to the flexibility we have and the capabilities we have to be able to deliver on that.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: And as far as the market is concerned, in our opening comments, we provided you the color. It is an uncertain market. First of all, we talked about utilization in general. We do see this a growing trend of employers passing more of the health care cost to their employees. That affected us, as you know, in terms of our bad debt. Mark commented about that. We believe that could have an effect of further reductions in utilization in 2014. We don't know, but we're cautious about that. Second is we did say that the Affordable Care Act, because of its slow rollout, have a neutral to positive, slightly positive effect on 2014. But it's hard to predict based upon the new lives entering the systems with the new insurance products. At the same time, the net number has not been clear, and we're still working our way through that. And then finally, the price structure that we've talked about upfront. We feel good about the guidance we provided back in 2012. We feel we can still fit into that envelope and that's assuming also or includes what we did in 2013. So you put that altogether, you see the uncertainty that we see. And then we've considered all that in our guidance for this year, in 2014. And again, the guidance for our top line does not include Solstas, and Mark made that clear. With the Solstas, it's a different number. So hopefully, that's clear.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: I would say it's a growing trend, and we continue to see this as an evolution. Obviously, with many organizations engaged in ACOs, there's discussion about eventual change from fee-for-service to a bundled payment, capital-to-payment system. However, it's moving at a slow rate. So it's not materially going to affect us in 2014.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: So let me just add to that, Mark. Thanks, Bill, for the question. As we continue to believe, the Affordable Care Act will be net positive for the industry and for us. However, the rollout is going more slowly than we ever imagined back in 2012. So you asked the question why isn't this going to be the continuation for the future, well, we continue to believe that the train has left the station, there will be more and more insured lives in the system. And when there's more and more insured lives in the system, they're going to need what we do. So that's point number one. We do not see that affecting 2014 yet. We hoped for that 2 years ago, but we're not seeing it. You know as much as I do around that topic. Second is around demand. We've had 3 or 4 years of muted health-care utilization slowdowns, very slow demand. You can look at most studies; they cite the weak economy, the Great Recession, coupled with employer-benefit redesign. And we're all hopeful, with some recovery in the marketplace, this will have the offset of what we've seen for the last 3 or 4 years, so utilization will return. And with that, you talk to people in the health-care system, there's a fair amount of pent-up demand that should show itself back into the system and that will, prospectively, show itself mid to long term. We're not expecting this in 2014. What we do expect, that should -- things should start to improve as what I just described changes over time.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Good question. We're doing that, Bill. First of all, we're not assuming that this is going to change quickly and we are going to get a sunny day quickly in the overall market. We believe our growth strategy is the right one. We focused on 3 areas this past year in 2013. We'll continue to do that in 2014. First of all, we are the market leader, but there's plenty of opportunities in our existing market. And our focus on our sales organization will allow us to do a better job of executing what we deliver in this market. So that's point number one. Point number two, as you know, there are areas of this market that are growing, and so we've invested a portion of our portfolio of spending into those areas that are growing. We were one of the early introductions this year with the Supreme Court decision in June of BRCA. That's a new market opportunity for us. We'll get growth. We continue to see nice growth in our prescription drug monitoring business. We continue to see nice growth in our wellness business. So with our clinical franchises, we are investing in those portions of this marketplace despite the overall market that is soft that are growing, and that will help us get growth back into our business. And then finally is the third area, which we talked about earlier, is we've invested in laboratory professional services. We think this is, again, a new opportunity for us. It's going to build this year. And we think the prospects are still bright around that. So those are the 3 priorities that we talked about last year. They will continue this year and it's an example of how we're taking control, if you will, of our own destiny despite the soft conditions that we see overall in the market.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Let me start. First of all, you know in the fourth quarter there's been some announcements with some of our competitors in this marketplace, so it is a tough environment. Those are some of the larger players, but also a number of the smaller players you would expect to see the same pressure. I know I don't need to remind you, but I'll say it anyhow, is our dependency on Medicare as much less than many of the players in this marketplace who are much more dependent on Medicare. So all the pressure that we're talking around Medicare will affect others more than us. And that's felt out there in the marketplace. Second, as far as hospitals, they continue to look at becoming really integrated delivery systems. And to my earlier point about our discussions around laboratory professional services, they are now asking the question, do we want to continue to stay in hospital outreach? Do we need to focus on what we do well and rely on leaders like Quest Diagnostics to do what they do well for us? And that's a growing trend that we're seeing. We're early in that. We're having an active number of discussions in that regard, and we're hopeful. So I would say, what you'll see happening is an evolution of integrated delivery networks and actually, some settling out of what they will focus on in their organizations, given their acquisitions of physicians in the past and what that means toward what we focus on in conversations going forward. And we think that provides opportunities for us to grow.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Sure. Pathology, in general, hasn't changed a lot. I'm often asked the question given the substantial cuts last year in reimbursement, has there been a change of some of the movement we've seen with in-sourcing at hospitals. And what I have said in the past, I'll say it again today, there's not a notable change in the marketplace. We continue to be a market leader in that regard. We think it's an important part of our business. It's very strategic to our oncology clinical franchise, and so we're deeply committed to it. But we also know, and others are in the middle of it along with us, is with the reimbursement cuts last year, it's a much more difficult business to make money at and we're working through what we need to do to be successful with it long term.
Mark J. Guinan: Sure. And I'll just add 2 points, really, Michael. One is the same financial metrics that we have discussed in evaluating some of these small tuck-in deals have certainly been applied to this deal in terms of our focus on ROIC. We've got an NPV metric and then also we've talked about the fact that we're looking for things to be accretive in the second year. Obviously, this one looks like, based on the timing, we'll be able to achieve that in the first year. So the same kind of financial rigor that we put in the smaller deals that's been applied to this one. And in many ways you might look at this as a kind of a consolidation of multiple, small tuck-in deals all at once because it's very similar to the type of deals that we've been talking about in our 1% to 2% strategy. The other thing is we've talked about reshaping our portfolio. Obviously, you can't time these things perfectly, but as we monetized some assets last year, and now we've added the Solstas business, it's kind of swapping out some things that were not key in our focus areas and then adding, obviously, a large business that's very similar to our core.
Mark J. Guinan: At this point, you should assume generally flat share count, that our buybacks would be enough to prevent dilution. And obviously, we'll evaluate things throughout the year in terms of the best use of cash. But no significant buybacks within our assumptions. But sticking to our strategy around returning a majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders, so certainly not deviating from that.
Mark J. Guinan: It's just that, I think, as many people are aware, this business does contain -- a portion of its revenues are through laboratory professional services agreement, and that does tend to come with a lower margin. But once we get through the integration period, we would expect that the like and like elements, so kind of their core business margins should be comparable to Quest's organic margins. And then the laboratory professionals, for several services margins would be similar to what we expect to get in Quest as well. It's just that the mix is slightly different than Quest overall.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. So this really is being driven by the next phase of Invigorate. As we have mentioned previously, the second phase of Invigorate is more about really redesigning our processes and our tools. And some of that requires greater investment. So I really attribute it entirely to the next phase of Invigorate. And it should not be seen as a long-term level. It really is to get to that savings level that Steve referenced, which is the $700 million exit rate in 2014 and then the $1 billion beyond that.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. Those are certainly things that you should expect to where we're working on. Those are critical to driving efficiency and effectiveness.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. So we're not going to give a specific number at this point, Kevin. But I think, directionally, if you think about Steve's comments that we do have some additional small tuck-in acquisitions assumed, because that is part of our strategy, and then a price decline that would be smaller than we experienced in 2013, obviously, to get to that guidance of 1% to 2% over the 3 years, you can probably land on what we're thinking in organic volume. And the drivers are, really, the things that Steve referenced, which is we don't expect, as I mentioned in my comments, that the benefit plan redesign is done and we continue that -- we expect that to continue to be a driver on utilization. So that's certainly one factor. Another one, certainly, there's some uncertainty around the SGR fix. We don't know how that's going to play out. So as I mentioned, there's a number of variables this year that made it difficult to model. And we think that the guidance range we've given, as I said, is realistic and achievable given all that uncertainty.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. Sure. A majority of it is really co-pays and coinsurance, and we expect that to continue. We actually do reasonably well on the uninsured and it is a very small portion of our total revenue. So most of that is coming from coinsurance and co-pays.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. Sure. So as I gave in the guidance, we're estimating approximately $900 million of operating cash flow. Obviously, we also generate some cash non-operationally as well, so we have more cash than $900 million to work with. If you take $300 million out for capital, that leaves about $600 million of free cash flow. Our commitment is to return a majority of that to our shareholders. So you should expect more than half of that. You know what our dividend is going to be, which should be a little bit south of $200 million. So certainly at a minimum, the balance between delivering over half and the dividend payment will be through share repurchases. And as I mentioned, throughout the year, obviously, we're going to look at other cash generation and uses and then base that decision based on what we think is the best way to create value for our shareholders. So that's kind of the basic guidance at this point and we'll, obviously, give updates throughout the year.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. I think it's very fair. If you look at 2013, we -- because of the magnitude of the reimbursement reduction, we chose actually to explicitly share that with you. And as we've talked throughout the year, and as we mentioned in this call, we hit that pretty much square on. So we have pretty good visibility throughout 2014, and we've built that into our assumptions. And other than SGR, we wouldn't expect there'd be anything that would surprise us materially. And again, that 1% to 2%, just to be clear, is 2013 through 2015.
Mark J. Guinan: We don't really have any new information on 2015. And as you've seen recently with the physician fee schedule, there can be numbers that are thrown initially before there's really a lot of substance in terms of the discussions. So as Steve mentioned, we are actively engaged with the trade association, with CMS, on discussions. So we really don't have any information on which to update that estimate at this point. But that estimate, when it was put out in the Investor Day in 2012, did not contemplate any significant repricing of that schedule in 2015.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. So obviously, it's a critical part of the Solstas acquisition. And while we won't comment specifically on some of the interactions, we wouldn't have moved forward with this deal without full visibility to how that relationship might continue. We're acquiring 100% of Solstas so, therefore, this comes with the acquisition. We think it's going to be a good relationship and obviously, we're counting on continuing that into the future.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. Absolutely. So first off, how does it gets factored in? Obviously, we've learned a lot since some of these changes have taken place over the last year. We have had a number of successes in getting reimbursement where initially there was some confusion or some issues with getting that. Some of it was just the time it took to some of the states to figure out the process for gaining reimbursements. Some of it was just a new requirement for more supporting data. As we've partnered with the various payers, we've learned a lot, and I would say we're making progress. And in fact, in the fourth quarter, we actually had some success in one particular molecular reimbursement code with a state Medicaid program that we've been working on all year. So absolutely making progress.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. I know there's a lot of interest in margins, typically, people are looking for margin accretion. We're not going to give specific margin guidance. We understand the value, all other things equal, of accreting margin. But the laboratory management deals, as we mentioned, do come with lower margin, but they're going to give us growth and they're going to give us improved ROIC. And we believe that those are the 2 things we really need to focus on more than anything, given their high correlation to shareholder value creation. In terms of Invigorate, as Steve mentioned, we do have some things to pay for, whether it's price erosion, whether it's the wage inflation and, as I mentioned, we also have some incentive comp to cover year-over-year in 2014. So not going to get specific on margin, but some of the Invigorate drops to the bottom line, but a lot of it is paying for some other things that -- some costs that we have to Offset.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. I appreciate the question, Bill. And I'm guessing that many of you see the same longer-term attractive features of the market. And Steve mentioned those. Certainly, the demographics, I think, would pick up from the Affordable Care Act that are a little bit muted but going into the future. So I guess your question is more targeted towards -- are some of the headwinds going to go away? Not at -- I don't think our expectation would be that they're going to go away, there's always going to be pricing pressure. But certainly, the utilization issue that we've talked about, at some point, benefit plan redesign kind of gets done and it gets to kind of its equilibrium and its impact on utilization. Obviously, if there's some aspect of deferral where people are consuming less health care because they're deferring it versus they're just avoiding it, then that deferral catches up. So we can't predict the future any more than you can. But the expectation is that some of things that we're pointing to most specifically are going to either be reduced somewhat or are going to go away, and we're still trying to figure this out. But ultimately, the biggest thing is that the tailwinds, and it's not just the Affordable Care Act, but our belief that it's in the best interest of health care and society to do more diagnostics. Because if you want early detection or prevention, the way you do that is through more diagnostics. And we really believe that we are going to have the innovation and we're going to have the technology to help drive better decisions and, ultimately, better outcomes and lower costs. So that's our reason for optimism, not that we think that pricing pressures and some of the typical challenges are going to go away. It's really more that the tailwinds and the attractiveness of this space is a reason to believe.
Mark J. Guinan: And the last thing I will add, Bill, and we've talked about this in the past, we believe pricing transparency is a huge advantage for us, and we believe it's just at the beginning. But we're going to see more and more pricing transparency, which will absolutely be an advantage for us in terms of our share in the market.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes. Certainly it was taken into our thinking as we gave the guidance. I'm not going to share with you what was our explicit point estimate for what the SGR might be, but as we looked at all of the drivers and the distribution of potential outcomes, we took that into account before we came out and gave that guidance of flat to down 2%.
