Mark Guinan: Thanks, Steve. In the third quarter, consolidated revenues were $2.77 billion, down 0.4% versus the prior year. Revenues for Diagnostic Information Services were essentially flat when compared to the prior year, which is reflected by lower revenue from COVID-19 testing services versus the third quarter of last year, largely offset by the strong ongoing recovery in our base testing revenue. Compared to 2019, our base DIS revenue grew approximately 6% in the third quarter, and it was up nearly 2%, excluding acquisitions. Volume measured by the number of requisitions increased 5.3% versus the prior year with acquisitions contributing approximately 2%. Compared to our third quarter 2019 baseline, total base testing volumes increased 9%. Excluding acquisitions, total base testing volumes grew approximately 4% and benefited from new PLS contracts that have ramped over the last year. We saw a rebound in our base business volumes in September, following a modest softening in August that we believe was at least partially caused by the rise of the delta variance and the timing of summer vacations. Importantly, our base business revenue and volume grew sequentially in the third quarter. This helps illustrate the ongoing recovery as historically total revenue and volume typically stepped down in Q3 versus Q2 due to summer seasonality. As most of you know, COVID-19 testing volumes grew in the third quarter versus Q2, which was in line with broader COVID-19 testing trends across the country. We resulted approximately 7.6 million molecular tests and nearly 700,000 serology tests in the third quarter. So, far in October, average COVID-19 molecular volumes have declined approximately 10% from where we exited Q3, but are still above the levels we expected prior to the surge of the delta variance, while the base business continues to improve since September. Revenue per requisition declined 5.4% versus the prior year driven primarily by lower COVID-19 molecular volume and to a lesser extent recent PLS wins. Unit price headwinds remained modest and in line with our expectations. Reported operating income in the third quarter was $652 million or 23.5% of revenues compared to $718 million or 25.8% of revenues last year. On an adjusted basis, operating income in Q3 was $694 million or 25% of revenues, compared to $831 million or 29.8% of revenues last year. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was driven by lower COVID-19 testing revenue, partially offset by the recovery in our base business. Reported EPS was $4.02 in the quarter, compared to $4.14 a year ago. Adjusted EPS was $3.96, compared to $4.31 last year. Cash provided by operations was $1.75 billion through September, year-to-date, versus $1.46 billion in the same period last year. Turning to guidance, we have raised our full-year 2021 outlook as follows. Revenue is expected to between $10.45 and $10.6 billion, an increase of approximately 11% to 12% versus the prior year. Reported EPS expected to be in the range of $4.69 and $15.09, and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $13.50 and $13.90. Cash provided by operations is expected to be approximately $2.2 billion, and capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $400 million. Before concluding, I'll touch on some assumptions embedded in our updated outlook. We expect COVID-19 molecular volumes to continue to decline from Q3 levels throughout the remainder of the year. At the low end of our outlook, we assume approximately 50,000 molecular tests per day in Q4, and serology volumes to hold relatively steady at approximately 5,000 tests per day. As you may know, late last week, the public health emergency was again extended another 90 days, through late January. We expect reimbursements of clinical COVID-19 molecular testing to hold relatively steady through the remainder of the year. However, we continue to assume average reimbursements to trend lower in Q4 as our mix of COVID-19 molecular volumes potentially shift from clinical diagnostic testing to more return-to-life surveillance testing. Finally, we continue to assume low single-digit revenue growth in our base business in Q4, versus 2019. Getting to the midpoint or higher end of our outlook ranges assumes stronger COVID-19 molecular testing volumes and/or stronger growth in our base business. I will now turn it back to Steve.
Mark Guinan: Sure. And, Kevin, just to be clear upfront, we haven't provided guidance yet for 2022; we provided an outlook. And we did confirm that today. And things have largely played out where we saw them for 2022, back in March, and base volumes have recovered. And we thought we were ahead in June, when it was close to being flat to 2019, and potentially saw some upside, obviously, with Delta, it's -- it took a little bit of a step back. But we still expect to enter 2022 with a base volume utilization level similar to pre-pandemic, so that's good. The second thing is we did assume that COVID will continue at a much lower level than we saw in '20 and '21, but still to be significant, and certainly much larger than our current flu testing. And we've referenced, in the past, that at some point COVID testing will still be here, but maybe more on the level of flu testing. At this point, we feel comfortable with what we had assumed, back in March, around continued need for COVID testing for PCR. And we envision a stronger role for serology going into 2022, and think that's a potential. So, we feel good about that. And then, we did reference inflationary pressures. We certainly have longer-term contracts on a lot of our purchases, but things, like fuel, certainly were subject to inflation in the near-term and going into 2022. And then most notably, as many have talked, there's certainly inflation in wages and in benefits, and especially in wages. And that, as we look at that, we gave a range, and we still feel very comfortable that when you put all those pieces together, that the $8.5 billion baseline for revenue and the $7.40 to $8.00 is certainly still deliverable, maybe in slightly different way, and -- but still very comfortable, that that's likely where we're going to land when we do finally provide guidance for 2022.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, I'm sure you're most interested in 2022, so, we'll see what we can provide when we come out with guidance, in early next year, to provide clarity. Certainly at this point, well, we're experiencing some of that given the performance of the business; it hasn't prevented us from significantly over-delivering our previous guidance. So, we'll take a note of consideration, Kevin. We appreciate the question. We'll see what we can do when we talk more about next year.
Mark Guinan: Yes, I just wanted to add a reference that the Clifton lab and its increased productivity efficiency is really part of our invigorate work that we talk about 3% productivity every year. It's not over and above or separate whatever  common is that what we've done there like we did up in Massachusetts. We have added more automation. Obviously, as you add automation, you insulate yourself a little bit from labor inflation. So, certainly, we have that going as we operate that lab, but it is built-in, and part of what my assumptions I had putting together that outlook for 2022 that we would achieve that ongoing 3% efficiency is not something specially…
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, Ricky, we've shared in the past pre-pandemic, that about $3 billion of our cost was related to salary and benefits. Obviously with COVID moving around it's hard to cite the precise number with including the COVID testing. So, I think that should give you a pretty good idea of what proportion of our costs a $6 plus billion. Cost base we had prior to the pandemic has made up the labor at somewhere in the 50% range. And then as we said, as we continue to automate that certainly offset some of that, but also we are seeing an increased amount of demand for phlebotomy. So, that is going the other direction. We obviously considered a net benefit because giving access helps us grow our business and certainly makes us more attractive, especially in a world of consumerism. And it's a good thing, but it certainly will drive costs, the labor costs as a percentage of all of all costs in the other direction.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, it's going to be a couple of hundred dollars. And when you look at the individual elements that are contained in here, it's a reasonable price for everything that you get. And I can also tell you that we've gotten a lot of feedback that this score that we give people with really simplifies how to interpret the results is a huge consumer positive. So, a lot of reason to believe that this could get some additional momentum for our consumer business, and we think the pricing is reasonable and we feel that the product we're delivering is something that consumers really find interesting valuable.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, Jack, I think you appreciate, I'm sure a lot of people do as well that our health plan contracts typically are three to five years. So, it's not as if every health plan contract is up for renegotiation in any window of time. But so we've been socializing PAMA and how that is changing the dynamic and how they can look at the NLA rates and be competent that, that they have competitive rate because they know what the -- that's the market for the independent labs, which we've said is lower than the market, but the market for the independent labs. So, this whole notion of a price below Medicare, which was the historical practice is going away with PAMA. Now, you add inflation as you suggest and it's absolutely part of the conversation we've been having over the last number of months. And I can tell you that although it's not final. There is one national payer that we've been negotiating and it's not final, but it looks like the first price increase we will have gotten from them. And certainly my tenure and I'm sure more than a decade. So, we've been stabilizing as we shared our commercial negotiations to go from a world of price declines every contract extension to getting it more flat. And we actually have shared there's a handful of regional plans where we've got increases over the last couple years and now we have a national contract that I'm very optimistic we're going to get an increase. And so, how much of its inflation, how much of its PAMA, how much of it is our value proposition and seeing that working with us is a benefit for everyone versus training us as a commoditized provider of laboratory results. Can't tell you, but we're in a much better place.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, we have had an opportunity to invest more than we probably would have otherwise given the stronger growth than we would have anticipated in 2021. We've talked about that. A lot of that investment has actually been more towards top line acceleration. So, we've talked about, what we're doing in advanced diagnostics, we talked about what we're doing, what requires to build a consumer business. So, I'd say a disproportionate amount of the opportunity, as we try to balance near term results with longer-term, value accretion has really been in top line. But yes, as we looked at some of the things we did during the pandemic, we have an opportunity to update our molecular equipment and into more efficient – into more state-of-the-art, probably faster than we normally would have cycled. So, that'll give us some efficiency that maybe wouldn't have otherwise. So, I wouldn't -- at this point suggest that we're ready to commit to more than the 3% productivity, because obviously that's the large number of unit of itself and small basis points changes are really significant. But directionally, I would say, yes, A.J., this pandemic goal was of value accretion in additional cash has enabled us to accelerate some investments. Most of it on the top line growth, but certainly some on the productivity side as well.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, hopefully, I can clarify, base volume in total is obviously anything on COVID-related as we've been through the pandemic, we've been recording strong growth in base volume, which includes our M&A and our PLS, as you would expect. But we've also been trying to provide some color on utilization, in the absence of independence way to measure that. We look at our base volume ex, the acquired volume and facts the new PLS deals. And we've talked about that continuing to improve in addition to the growth we're getting from M&A and from PLS. So, in June, the organic base volumes and the new PLS deal was getting close to back to the 2019 levels. And then it kind of stabilized in August – in July, and it took a little bit of a step in August. And then as we see where we are through September and into October, it's getting back again, very close to being fully recovered in 2019. And that's why I said earlier that we would expect certainly by the end of this year and going into '22, that we'd be fully recovered. Now, it is regionally, very variable as we've talked in the past, and that really has not changed. There are certain regions that are actually above where they were in 2019, most notably our Southwest region, as we're looking at Florida in the south, the volume trends are above, and then a couple other areas that are kind of in that middle point. And then the one area of note that's really been lagging is the east, and it continues to lag while it certainly has improved from where it was several months ago. It's still down and kind of an outlier especially in the five boroughs of New York City. And then quickly, I'll answer the question on the revenue expectations for molecular testing, and I'll let Steve talk about the back to life. So, we're still around $90 in the quarter. We're not expecting a meaningful decline in the fourth quarter. Certainly, if back to life really, really took off, which is not, what we're expecting in the middle of our guidance here, it could have a little bit of a row, but again, it's still net positive. It's just math. So, you can expect for your modeling purposes, that just a very, very slight decline in Q4, nothing of significance.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, it was quite a bit there, Ralph, we'll see if we can touch on all of them. So, we don't generally share the precise revenue for any given test offering, but it's significantly lower than our current levels of COVID and what we would anticipate. So, the flu is not the baseline for 2022. We still expect COVID testing to be multiples of our fleet revenues in 2022. And the reason flu testing is smaller than what the otherwise is. There's not a ton of molecular testing done. Physicians have become very comfortable with doing point of care. And even though the molecular is more precise, they feel that it gets good enough in the office and they have an opportunity to make money on it. So, I would probably be several years, although I don't have the ability to call it precisely before we would expect COVID to be at our flu level. And then in terms of the pricing we have either specific agreements or general agreements that as long as in the commercial rates, that as long as the federal health emergency continues, that the pricing will reflect what we're being paid by the federal government. So, it's not mechanistically tied to every contract, but we know that the expectation would be when that goes away. And again, there's still always a possibility they can decouple that $100 reimbursement rates from the health emergency. So, there's some other risks as well, but as long as that continues, we would expect most of our commercial pricing to be at the same rate. And then, obviously, when that goes away, that we would expect a negotiations to take it down to more the NLA level. So, when I talked about 2022 at the Investor Day, I talked about a reimbursement rate around $50, which is what the NLA is. And so, again, when you put all these pieces together, I want to be clear, we still fully expect to be in the upper end of that $7.40 and $8. I just wanted to caution against upside to that given everything that's going on with inflation and so on, because we do have some positive things that have developed over the last six months or so. And some of that is probably going to be partially offset if not largely offset by labor inflation. So, we're still pretty much where we were back in March. So, in the higher end of the $748, and then certainly at least $8.5 billion of revenue, which importantly ties back to the 2018 CAGR that we've shared with you at Investor Day, and so, just getting there in a little different way, but still getting to where we said we would be.
Mark Guinan: Sure. So, the ASR should be wrapped up sometime in the next 30 days. So, therefore for at this point, even we did additional purchases once the window opens and not committing to anything at this point, because we always say there's a balance between potential M&A and share repurchases. It wouldn't have a significant impact on our way so this year. So, any sort of additional purchases of our shares repurchases would be more of an impact for 2022. And obviously, we'll talk about that in detail when we come up to the guidance for 2022 early next year.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So, I -- at this point, obviously we have a broad range, but I would say that just like we've done in other periods of time. We'll look for and identify offsets to that. So, I -- it's not significant enough that we should deviate on a multi-year outlook in terms of our earnings growth being in the high-single digits, and we -- although we have identified everything over the next several years. I'm sure as we move through time we'll look for other productivity opportunities to offset some of that.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, so, thanks, Brian, for the question. So, as you know, and what I reiterated in our prepared remarks, we've been marching with our two-point strategy for some time. And the second strategy is to drive operational excellence, and we have maintained, and just reiterated, that we do believe we can continue to deliver 3% efficiency or productivity gains going forward. And that 3% comes from a variety of programs across Quest Diagnostics, and one of which is what we did in Clifton. And I actually also reiterated a couple other programs on the prepared remarks, are working with our suppliers with new integrated platforms, what we're done around immunoassay, what we're doing around our   analysis is -- are two good examples of more work we can get the benefits from, and there's others. So, there's a lot more efficiencies in productivity we can continue to get. And as I said before, this isn't cost-cutting, this is improvement. And so, every time we make an improvement in our operation we expect our quality improves, and our service performance improves, and it has. So, we continue to make progress. You see it in our numbers this year, and you'll continue to see it in our '22 numbers as well. And that's always been used to offset headwinds, and we do have headwinds, we've had headwinds from wage bill increases in the past, albeit maybe it could be a little bit higher going forward, given what we see in the labor market. And then second is, we have seen headwinds from price consequences as well, which we've been able to offset, and we'll have some of those in '22 as we've outlined before. And then, also any additional inflationary pressures, we will be able to offset most of that, if not all of that, to be able to hit the outlook, and we just reiterated our confidence, our ability to do that. So, hopefully that's helpful.
Steve Rusckowski: Sure. So, as I said in my introductory remarks, we have a product that we sold for years to employers called blueprint for wellness. And we offer it to request employees as well. So, it's a fabulous dipstick reading on an annual basis for people to get an indication what's going on with their health. And if we do it year upon year, you've got a good nice trending capability that I found beneficial since I've been here in question, I know many of our employees have as well and many of our customers. So, we're now using that is the product to introduce that through our direct-to-consumer channel request direct. We're very optimistic about the possibility that this has we believe that it has a unique capability that few others provide. And we also believe it's hitting the market at the right time, where many people have not gone to their primary health care providers. And we believe that there's a lot of opportunities now for people to directly engage with us as a consumer to buy this directly from us. As far as pricing marketing share what we're thinking about in terms of pricing, even though this is a soft launch.
Steve Rusckowski: And just to follow-up on the price, we actually did some market research to understand that the value that this provides to consumers justifies the price that we're pricing it for initially. So, we feel good about value delivered and price charged.
Steve Rusckowski: Just to remind everyone, our health plan channel business is a significant portion of our revenue every year. But what we've also highlighted, the reason why we do have unit price decreases and our typical assumptions annually is because we have other pressures in our business. We do have break business to physicians, which we call clients and our client business as under price pressure over the past several years. And that has contributed to the price pressure we see. Secondly, as we sell the hospitals and we're doing quite well in the hospital segment, but is price competitive. And then we have other product lines, where we sell our services directly to employers or to insurance companies is price pressure there as well. So, when we talk about our unit price changes, it's not all in the commercial health plan area. There's other area that we have price pressures as well.
Steve Rusckowski: It had to do it accelerating our drive program because of our enhanced performance. And I think he's speaking to some of the acceleration and capital purchases that we've made and spending some additional money to get more improvements than what we would have realized if we didn't have the pandemic. A.J. is that a correct…
Steve Rusckowski: Okay. Thanks, Ann. Mark, why don't you just start with giving the numbers on base business performance system there.
Steve Rusckowski: And the last question Ann, you had asked for the breakdown of what we describe is, first of all, the clinical portion of our PCR volumes versus return to life portion of our clinical volumes. And as you can expect, it's tough for us to know exactly particularly, which bucket we can put those in. But I can tell you that the trend line is trending towards more of the return to life. We see the infection rates coming down and we see programs that we've worked on going up, examples are the return to school programs, we mentioned 20 states and five more coming. We also doing some testing for employers if they have mandates in place where they're requiring vaccination or testing. So, we'll see some increase in testing related to again, employers bringing people back to the workplace and requiring testing or vaccination for that. So, I would say trending wise, it is a larger percentage than before, but it's very difficult for us to give you exact numbers on that because we just don't get it through the orders that we received. But we think what we've provided for guidance is clearly what's going to happen in '22.
Steve Rusckowski: Well, so far Matt we're keeping up, we always have battles here and there, even despite the pandemic with supplies got a complicated business and a lot of pieces have to come together to do what we do, but not a meaningful disruption so far, but we're watching it carefully because we're not through this yet. So, the last part of this is around logistics and again, logistics have become a little more complicated given we do use commercial carriers for some portion of our logistics, but we've been managing our way through that. Fortunately, we have our own network of carriers. We have about 3,500 carriers and automobiles that are request employees. We have a fleet of small airplanes through some of the connections between our collection locations and our laboratories and they're employed by us. And so we're happy we had those in these uncertain times and we continue to have strong relationships with the national carriers as well, so far so good.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So, first off, Pito to be clear, the utilization trend that I talked about being nearly fully recovery doesn't exclude all POS, it just since we're comparing to 2019, it's excluding some of the really large deals that we've done recently. So, that we don't cloud what we think utilization is. So, we had a PLS business of size back in 2019. I'm not taking that out, because obviously, that's part of the trend as well. So, when you look at the sources, we've shared that -- the recovery has been pretty broad based. There's not a lot of differences especially now, early in the pandemic there were some we talked about for certain drug monitoring, certainly being one that was lagging. A lot of that was policy driven, a lot -- some of that, not all of it, but a lot of it's been addressed and certainly we've seen the toxicology or prescription drug monitoring business coming back in the same ballpark as some of our other clinical areas. We did see hospitals recovering faster early in the pandemic as a return to trading patients for elective surgeries and so on, physician office was a little more lagging, but at this point, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, the physician business is quite strong and we're seeing the volumes especially in some of the regions above where they were in 2019. So, we don't feel other than the east that there's been any sort of a fundamental change in either patient engagement with physician offices and or the prescribing practices for our diagnostics business specifically.
Steve Rusckowski: John, in our remarks, we're pleased with the recovery we've seen in advanced diagnostics and remind everyone that our definition of advanced diagnostics are entirely molecular and genetics. And when I say recovery and I did say molecular, it does not include our COVID testing. So, it's our base, if you will, molecular and genetic testing. And we saw very good growth in beyond recovery for our prenatal testing feel good about that. And we are seeing nice growth for our genetics business. And as you recall, we did an acquisition with blueprint genetics last year, and that's progressing nicely and give us some nice growth and strength in that business. So, we feel good about the recovery and growth we're seeing in those areas that we're really focused on and genetics in general is one of those areas.
Steve Rusckowski: Okay, very good. So, thanks to everyone for joining our call today. We appreciate your continued support and everyone have a great day.
