Sam Samad: Thanks, Jim. In the first quarter, consolidated revenues were $2.37 billion, up 1.5% versus the prior year, while base business revenues grew nearly 6%. Revenues for Diagnostic Information Services were up 1.7% compared to the prior year, reflecting strong growth in our base testing revenues, partially offset by lower revenues from COVID-19 testing services. Total volume measured by the number of requisitions, increased 1.6% versus the first quarter of 2023, with acquisitions contributing 60 basis points to total volume. Total base testing volumes grew 3.3% versus the prior year, despite the impact of severe weather in the first two weeks of January. During the quarter, weather negatively impacted volume growth by approximately 30 basis points. Revenue per requisition was up slightly versus the prior year, driven primarily by an increase in the number of tests per rec and favorable test mix, largely offset by lower COVID-19 testing. Base business revenue per rec was up 2.6% due to an increase in the number of tests per rec and favorable test mix. Unit price reimbursement was flat. Reported operating income in the first quarter was $300 million, or 12.7% of revenues, compared to $305 million, or 13.1% of revenues last year. On an adjusted basis, operating income was $349 million or 14.8% of revenues compared to $350 million or 15% of revenues last year. Adjusted operating income was relatively consistent versus the prior year due to strong growth in the base business, largely offset by lower COVID-19 testing revenues, wage increases, and higher benefit costs. Reported EPS was $1.72 in the quarter compared to $1.78 a year ago. Adjusted EPS was $2.04, flat versus the prior year. Cash from operations was $154 million in the first quarter versus $94 million in the prior year. Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we repaid $300 million of senior notes which matured on April 1st. Turning to our updated full year 2024 guidance. Revenues are expected to be between $9.4 billion and $9.48 billion. Reported EPS expected to be in a range of $7.57 to $7.82, and adjusted EPS to be in a range of $8.72 to $8.97. Cash from operations is expected to be approximately $1.3 billion, and capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $420 million. The following are some key assumptions underlying our guidance to consider as you update your models. COVID-19 testing revenues to decline approximately $175 million for the full year. In terms of M&A, our guidance only includes acquisitions that have been announced or closed to-date. No change to our expectation for dilution from Haystack Oncology of an incremental $0.20 to adjusted EPS for the full year. Operating margin to expand for the full year driven by volume growth and improved productivity. Net interest expense to be approximately $190 million. Weighted average share count to be flat compared to the end of 2023. While we are only one quarter into the year, given the strong volume trends in Q1, we have raised our adjusted EPS guidance by $0.10 at the midpoint, which more than offsets the $0.05 to $0.07 headwind we experienced from weather in January. With that, I will now turn it back to Jim.
Sam Samad: So let me start, Ann. Thank you for the question by the way. This is Sam, and Jim if you want to add anything as well, by all means. We beat in Q1, both in terms of versus external expectations, but also versus our own internal expectations. So we came in better. We had called out at the beginning of the year on the Q4 earnings call that we expect to see a $0.05 to $0.07 headwind from weather, in terms of EPS headwind from weather. That was at the time driven by the fact that really the first two weeks, three weeks of January were quite tough for us in terms of utilization and in terms of weather. We offset a significant portion of that. I mean, you heard on the prepared remarks that we had a 30 basis point headwind impact as a result of weather, but really we offset most of the headwinds in terms of the EPS impact. So the $0.05 to $0.07, largely we feel good that that's behind us and that's essentially taken off the table. So we felt comfortable increasing our EPS by $0.10 at the midpoint. Now, we're only in the second quarter here. We still have three quarters to go. Utilization was really strong, especially base business utilization in the first quarter. We're expecting in the next three quarters that we go back to, I would say, more normal utilization, not what we saw in Q1. So that's what our EPS range is also driven by. But I would say very pleased with the beat that we had in Q1 and taking the weather headwind off the table.
Sam Samad: Yeah, just to be clear, our consistent approach is always going to be, that we will include in the guidance that we provide only the things that have been announced and our carryover acquisitions. So, anything that we haven't announced will not be included in our guidance. To Jim's point, if we do close any other transactions, we will include them in our guidance perspective going forwarded.
Sam Samad: Hey, Mike, sorry. We kind of lost you for two seconds there. Can you please repeat the question? Because I missed a portion of it.
Sam Samad: Yeah, and Jack, this is Sam. I'll mention one other thing as well. If you're looking at overall base business growth, I mean, the Quest Health Consumer-Initiated Testing business as well was a very good strength and tailwind in the quarter. Basically, that base business excluding COVID almost doubled in the quarter – year-over-year.
Sam Samad: Yeah. Hey, I'll address both. So the margins on our consumer business are consistent with the margins in the overall business. So, it's right there. It's at the meeting for the company and it continued to improve all last year and so feel good about that. In terms of the labor environment, we definitely saw a tick down or a tick up, let's just say, in our retention rates. Not yet back to pre-COVID levels, but below in the high teens, below the 20% threshold that we were running at last year. So, we feel good about that. We saw a downward tick in logistics attrition, our specimen processing. It was across the board. All front-line jobs improved in the quarter and feel good about the direction that that's moving in.
Sam Samad: Yeah, I mean, I'll add maybe a couple of things. First of all, the COVID point, Michael, COVID is not really material for the rest of the year. We said for the full year, it's going to be a $175 million decline. We've had $90 million of that decline happen in Q1. So, the biggest impact really was going to be felt in Q1. But yeah, there is a price impact related to it, given the fact that – a small, minor price impact, actually, because the price went down middle of May last year. So really it's a minor price impact. Then just a little bit of color on the pricing dynamics. As Jim said, it's flattish for the full year in terms of price impact. If you look at the ingredients within that, the health plans, we expect them to be, modestly up in terms of price. The health systems is a negative impact in terms of price. Then we have some other businesses where we've had some price increases that helps. So overall, I think the net neutral in terms of price impact for the year.
Sam Samad: Andrew, just to add, this is Sam from a dilution standpoint. So our expectations this year have not changed. It's still in total 35% dilution, which is $0.20 of incremental dilution versus last year. For next year, we expect less dilution from Haystack. So on a year-over-year basis, it's actually a tailwind, and then we expect to be basically to start being neutral to a creative as we look towards ‘26. So, nothing has changed from a dilution or financial expectations, and we're really thrilled about the interest in the early experience program that Jim referenced.
Jim Davis: Thanks, Sam. To summarize, our business delivered strong revenue growth across our core customer channels, physicians, hospitals, and consumers, building on trends from 2023. Our strong customer relationships, broad health plan access, and investments in advanced diagnostics are enabling us to take advantage of sustained high healthcare utilization and drive new customer growth. We are steadily improving productivity as well as service levels and quality, giving us confidence in improved profitability in 2024. Now we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator.
Jim Davis: Yeah, sure Patrick, and good morning. So maybe the best way to look at it is think about it in terms of year-over-year. We were 14.8% operating margins in Q1 of this year compared to 15% last year. So some moving parts for you to consider and think about, because you can look at this in many different ways. But versus last year, obviously a big headwind in terms of COVID, both in terms of volumes, but also price. We had $90 million less COVID this quarter versus last year same quarter, at a much lower price as well, because we were getting reimbursed at $100 price back then. If you think about other smaller headwinds, I mean Haystack as you said, we still expect it to be $0.20 incremental dilution versus last year for the full year, well you saw that in Q1. But then offsetting these headwinds, the biggest one being COVID, was base volume growth and productivity improvement. So we actually offset almost the majority of the COVID headwind through base improvement in terms of margins. The consumer-initiated testing business also expanded operating margins as well. We continue to see great momentum in that business and good improvement in profitability. Our base gross margins actually improved quite significantly from Q1 of last year, so very encouraged by the start that we've had and the momentum that we see going forward. In terms of cadence, I think to answer your second question, it's I'd say normal seasonality that you would expect going forward. A step up in Q2 in terms of operating margins, maybe consistent operating margins to Q2 and Q3, and then a step down in Q4, which is, I would say normal pre-COVID seasonality for us. Operator, next question.
Jim Davis: Yeah. The only thing I'd add Ann, is that the volume growth was broad-based. We saw it across all physician channels and we saw it in health systems as well. So it did beat our internal expectations after a slow start in January. It came back very nicely in February and March and we finished strong.
Jim Davis: Yeah. So thanks, Kevin. So look, we don't know what the final rule is yet. We've all seen the proposed rule. It largely follows 21 CFR Part 820, which is the regulated device code. So we're preparing for it, but let me just tell you, look, we start with a strong quality management system and a very strong quality organization in Quest Diagnostics today. As you know we follow the CLIA guidelines. CLIA was implemented in 1988. It's a very robust and strict set of guidelines that we follow, and we feel good about that. I would also tell you that myself and many other people in Quest Diagnostics have come from regulated device manufacturing companies in the healthcare space, so we know what to do, we know how to do it. Certainly there's gaps between what CLIA recommends and what 21 CFR recommends, and we'll address those gaps once we know what the final rule is, but we'll be prepared. There's not going to be any impact on earnings or EPS here in 2024. As you know the timeframe laid out was a three to four year timeframe. So we'll address this in a thoughtful way. We'll be prepared, and we've got the confidence and quality organization in place to do it.
Jim Davis: Well, if we don't do any other acquisitions this year, then yes, the 50 basis point trend will continue for the following quarters. But, as we mentioned in the script, our funnel is good, it's robust and we would expect to close some additional transactions this year. But timing is involved and these things do take time. We're cautiously optimistic.
Jim Davis: Yeah. So, from an advanced diagnostic standpoint, it certainly met and even exceeded our expectations here in the quarter. So, let me talk about brain health first. The uptake of our AB 42/40 test, which is a blood-based test for amyloid plaque has again exceeded expectations. We're really, really pleased with how that test is doing. We announced yesterday in a press release that we've added a p-tau217. We had already introduced p-tau181. So we feel like the brain health blood-based portfolio is in great shape. The CSS side of the portfolio continues to do well as well. On the women's healthcare side, prenatal genetics and carrier screening are doing very well. We continue to see double-digit growth there. With respect to Haystack, as you know, it's still pre-revenue, but we are about to embark on what we call our early experience program. We said in the script that we were oversubscribed. We saw it somewhere between 15 and 20 partners to start the program with, and we filled that up a lot more quickly than we thought and had to cut it off at 20 customers. So, feel good about that. We're going to run that early experience program for the next several months, which will position us for a broader national launch later in the quarter. So, feeling good about the contribution of advanced diagnostics across our portfolio of tests.
Jim Davis: Yeah, I would just say, the mix in the quarter was really good. On a total basis, so all in, even with COVID we still had 10 basis points of growth from a rev-per-rec standpoint, pricing relatively flat. So it suggests that test-pa rec and test-mix were really, really strong. Remember, that offset, as Sam said in the script, $90 million worth of COVID decline. COVID that last year was at $100 per test. So, we completely offset that from a mix standpoint and still saw growth in rev-per-rec. So, really happy with the mix that we saw in the quarter.
Jim Davis: I think it's all of the above, Jack. Certainly, the utilization remains strong, consistent with what we've seen in the last three or four quarters. But, we also said that, yeah, we think we're picking up share. We closed several large transactions with two integrated large physician groups in the quarter. Our core physician volume growth was strong. Our hospital reference growth was strong. Our PLS volume relatively strong in the quarter. So, that suggests utilization in hospitals was also up, and our pathology business contributing as well to growth. So, we see it across all physician types, all physician channels, retailers, as well as these large physician groups. It's a combination of utilization plus share gain.
Jim Davis: Yeah. So we call it value-based incentives is what we're talking about here. Generally there is two types. So, one is related to acquisitions. So when we acquire an outreach book of business, and let's say the health plan was paying that health system 200% to 300% of Medicare, it is not going to come down to the rates that we are contracted with that health plan with on day one. It will step down over time. In fact, there's – again, since it doesn't step right down to our rate, we're getting paid a higher price for that work over some period of time. The second incentive types are broad-based or types of incentives are really related to volume movement. So, movement of high-priced requisitions from health system laboratories or from out-of-network laboratories into Quest Diagnostics. In essence, you're getting paid for share gains at that health plan that are tied to share gains coming from, moving those requisitions from, again, health systems and out-of-network labs. So, really those are the two types of value incentives that we get.
Jim Davis: No, less than 2% of our requisitions were ever moving through those pipes from an adjudication standpoint. There's somewhere between a $15 million and $20 million cash impact, but no revenue impact in the quarter.
Jim Davis: Well, Stephanie, we've always said that about 50% of the cost structure in the company is wages, labor and within the laboratories, it's obviously higher than that. Within the Phlebotomy, it's mostly a people expense, although there's supplies and rent for our patient service centers. I would say in the laboratories, much of the automation efforts continue in the specimen processing area, what we call sorting, aliquoting, pouring off tubes of urine, and things like that. That's where our automation efforts continue to pay dividends for us. On the Phlebotomy side, as I mentioned, yes, it's a highly labor-intensive operation. Now, in a typical 10 to 12 minute draw time, there's still probably five to six minutes of that time doing manual paperwork, computer entry type of stuff. The biggest opportunity there to improve that is still the movement from paper requisitions to electronic requisitions. What still comes into our patient service center today is 35% to 45% paper that we end up having to input that information into our Quest system. So we work back through the physician offices that send us that paper and try to convert that. I would tell you also, we're working on some other kits that could allow for some self-draw. So these are early stages, early stage development. But, we continue to work on some other things that should make our Phlebotomy staff even more productive.
Jim Davis: Andrew, our thesis hasn't changed at all on the Haystack acquisition. The MRD market continues to grow by our estimates strong double digits. I mean, there's one primary competitor in that space today that is doing very, very well with the test and making inroads in the market, and we applaud them and they're doing terrific. So, we think having a second, third credible offering in the marketplace that has a very, very, good basis for competition, very strong and very low limits of detection. So, feel good about that test. We still feel great about the investment and where this market is going. We're going to build on that. We've launched our STEP500, assay as well that allows cancer doctors, medical oncologists to get advice from a treatment planning therapy – therapy planning standpoint. So we feel good about that. We like, by the way, on Haystack it's a tumor-informed test. Again, we feel good about the technology. As we mentioned earlier, we've signed up 20 pre-launch customers for this early experience program. These are a broad base set of customers from community-based oncologists to academic medical centers. So, we like the mix of customers that have come to us right away for this. Once we wrap this early experience program up, we'll be launching on a national basis later this year.
Jim Davis: All right, thanks, operator. And thanks again for joining our call today. We really appreciate your continued support. Have a good day, everyone.
