Dan Haemmerle: Thank you, and good morning. I'm here with Steve Rusckowski, our President and Chief Executive Officer. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include, but are not limited to, those described in Quest Diagnostics' 2012 annual report on Form 10-K and 2013 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. A copy of our earnings press release is available, and a text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the Investor Relations Quarterly Update section of our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now here is Steve Rusckowski.
Dan Haemmerle: There's really not a material change in the calendar. Most of the benefit that we expect to see from the differences in how we evaluate revenue days or business days comes in the back half of the year. So no real impact in the second quarter.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes. And maybe the way to think about it is if we look at the second half performance and you look at our outlook for the remainder of the year, you're looking at a range plus or minus of about 2% revenue growth in the back half of the year. If you break down the components the way we're looking at it, we think about revenue per requisition. We said it was down about a little more than 3%, about 3.3% in the first half of the year. It will improve by about 1 point in the second half. So we expect to see revenue per requisition lower than the prior year by about 2.5%, okay? And that'll get us to our full year average of 3%, so about 2.5% down on revenue per requisition. We've done 3 different acquisitions. We've also got the benefit of the revenue days, as well as the weather impact that we expect to see turn favorable on the back half of the year due to Sandy in Q4 of last year. And if you put the acquisitions in those easier comps together, that's worth about 3.5%, maybe a little bit more than 3.5%. So that leaves about 1 point of growth from our underlying businesses. And as we look at it, we are building momentum in the underlying businesses, both our Diagnostic Information Services businesses through our restore growth initiatives, as well as our Diagnostic Solutions business, which is also building momentum and expected to both provide a positive contribution for the full year. So about 1 point will come from our underlying business and a combination of both Diagnostic Information Services and Diagnostic Solutions.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes, and 2 comments. One, Tom, just back to the last question quickly that approximately 1%, I was giving you in that walk across is kind of a mid -- gets you to the midpoint of the range, so just a point of clarification there. And then secondly is on the DSOs. DSOs were a little bit higher, they're about 2 days higher in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. And with many acquisitions, you have to file for a new provider number with -- for certain payors. We're filing with certain government payers right now and we have little bit of a delay in getting some of those provider numbers for those acquisitions. So as a result, we have some claims that we're confident to get reimbursed once we get those provider numbers in and we expect that to get cleaned up in the second half.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes. And so the change in the cash flow for the full year is really just reflected in bringing down the top end of our EPS range a little bit. And also as we look at cash flow and managing our balance sheet, we felt that we wanted to give clear guidance that we're going to be approaching $1 billion, the higher end of the range of approximately, probably not going to go much further north of that, but approaching $1 billion we felt more comfortable with.
Dan Haemmerle: In terms of the pricing, Kevin, there are 3 primary drivers of the reimbursement reductions. One is the Medicare cuts that we, I think, all anticipated coming into the year that included the Middle Class Tax Relief Act, as well as the ACA changes. And then thirdly, we also included in that number an estimate for sequestration. We planned for it to take place. And if you put those components together, that's worth about 5% against our Medicare book of business, okay? Our Medicare book of business is about a little bit north of $1 billion or approximately $1 billion in total. So 5% off of that number is the first element. Second element is the Anatomic Pathology cuts, again, another set of cuts from Medicare, specifically on a handful of codes, specifically 8305, which enjoyed a 52% reduction on the technical component. And then the third component is really related to the commercial contracts with commercial payers. Some of those contracts changes took place late last year and there were some contracts that showed pricing reductions January 1 of this year, okay? So as you think about it, the majority of the Medicare cuts took place on January 1 and will carry through the entire year. One element of the Medicare cuts, the sequestration cut, went into effect April 1. And then the commercial payer cuts, we have some that have started on January 1, some that started late last year and it will anniversary later in the year and will show that point of improvement for us.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes. On the bad debt, it's slightly higher, it's about 20 basis points higher. And with -- from one quarter to the next, 10 to 20 basis points is really in the range of normal fluctuation for our business. So we don't see it as a signal and we don't see it signaling a different trend at this point.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes. The cash from the proceeds, we will use it at some point. Whether or not we use it for -- we will use it in one way or another, consistent with our capital deployment strategy, but we don't see it having a meaningful impact in the back half of the year.
Dan Haemmerle: Yes. So as we've looked at this, Ricky, and there's a number of moving pieces to the latest proposal that we're still working our way through and we continue to work with the trade association to better understand it. But as Steve mentioned, the physician fee schedule is about 3% of our 2012 annual revenues. That number is coming down a little bit in 2013. It's probably running closer to a 2% number as the Medicare cuts on the pathology codes were implemented January 1, so that's having a drag on that number. And we also have seen that the carryover impact to some of the pathology in-sourcing that occurred late last year into this year that it brings that number down closer to a 2% zone for the 2013 percent of revenues for the physician fee schedule. So we -- as we've said, we still are evaluating it, we're trying to understand it. We have some follow-up questions on the current proposal. And when we have some more detail on that, we will share it. And with respect to the clinical lab fee schedule question, we have contemplated government pressure in the long term, 1% to 2% guidance. In terms of splitting out our projections and our thought process beyond what we've already shared, we're not planning to do that today, not prepared to do that today.
Dan Haemmerle: We have hundreds of Managed Care contracts, as we've said in the past, and we have very few that are tied to or float with Medicare rates.
Dan Haemmerle: No, I think that's right. You've got $250 million realized in the -- it's more than $250 million realized in the current year and we expect to see twice as much savings in the back half of the year as the first half. So you can run through that, we're not giving specific EBIT or operating income percentage guidance or anything like that, but you should see some improvement in the back half of the year.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Great, Dan. So Tom, to answer your question, so given that as the opportunity that we really need to improve, we do have a great line of sight to what we need to get done in the second half. Let me give you a couple of examples. First of all, we are building our professional services business that I mentioned in my introductory comments, that is building momentum. There's a lot of interest in it and we will see some volume from that in the second half versus the first half, number one. Second is we have line of sight to a number of accounts, a number of programs we're working with payors that our sales force is driving. And we have confidence, given the traction we've seen in the second quarter, that will continue into the third quarter, into the fourth quarter. Dan also mentioned that we are going to see growth in the second half versus the first half from our Diagnostic Solutions business. So without giving you all the detail, we do have good line of sight on what we need to do to deliver our guidance for the full year and the second half on the top line. And then as far as the bottom line, we also believe that we have good line of sight given the current environment that I have indicated in my introductory comments to be able to deliver guidance for earnings for the year as well. So we're going to turn it back for any other questions.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, it's slightly lower, Tom. Basically, the environment we see right now is not as strong as what we thought we were going to see this year. As we entered Q2, we are actually encouraged by April numbers. As we got further into Q2, we started to see more reports back from various sources about softening in the marketplace. We saw that in ourselves in the second quarter. And so therefore, we thought it'd be prudent going forward that we take that in consideration with our full year guidance and that's reflected in what we expect to get organically out of the business. But overall, the environment is softer than we expected entering the year and we thought it appropriate at this point of the year to adjust our guidance for the top line. However, what you'll also hear in our remarks, we are moving very, very well against our cost improvement goals. We're making excellent progress with Invigorate. And so what we have also said is we will balance that off with strong contributions through Invigorate in the second half. We've also indicated in June, we are reinforcing it today, is that we expected twice as much contribution from Invigorate in the second half than we saw on the first half.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Sure, sure. Why don't you bring -- put Tom through what happened with DSOs and the overall cash expectations.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Sure. So let's walk through exactly what's going on with pricing. Again, we've provided guidance that we would expect this year about 3%. What we saw in Q2 was in line with that expectation, and Dan will bring you through exactly how this is phasing throughout the year, which is important in it. As you know, definitely, this is a mix between our Medicare and our commercial payers. And some of this does anniversary throughout the year and that's what we reflected in our second half expectations as well. So Dan, walk him through what we come up with the numbers.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. So Kevin, what we said back last fall in our Investor Day that we expected a 1% to 2% erosion in our price related to the pricing pressure. We also have said that we expect 3% in 2013, but we're still believing that the 1% to 2% guidance for that 3-year period is a good range. That will absorb what we knew already from the government side. Also, we have less contract negotiations in 2014 than we did in 2013, and we think that estimate is still reasonable where we sit right now.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: I'll continue to do what we're doing. First of all, we are working with our trade association, ACLA, proactively on this. We actually met this week on it and are meeting weekly to talk through this with CMS. And so all the leaders of ACLA are part of this effort. As we said, at least in the physician fee schedule, it will have an impact on the industry and us to a lesser extent because we have less Medicare business as a percentage of our total business than some of the other providers of our service in the marketplace. The second is we did anticipate, Kevin, that there will be further cuts. I said this in my introductory remarks. We actually assumed some further cuts in our -- 1% to 2%, just to be prudent. So we had planned for this and we, because of it, have been really putting the accelerator down on Invigorate. And what you should see and what we've talked about, we will see more in the second half, is continued progress on the efficiencies that we're getting throughout our organization. We'll see twice as much improvement for Invigorate in the second half than there was in the first half. We are feeling very comfortable with the goal to get to $600 million of run rate savings by 2014. And we're still pushing the organization to get to $1 billion at some point after 2014. So we believe that what we're hearing is something that we somewhat expected within reason. We don't know the details. We obviously want to make sure that we carefully walk through the best outcome with the industry leadership to get to the best place for us. But what we're doing about it is exactly what we have said before. We're executing our 5-point strategy and we're driving as much efficiency gain as soon as possible out of our business to be able to absorb that and deliver our expectations for 2014 and beyond. So we're working on the plan as we've shared before.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: And as far as the proceeds from ibrutinib, we're going to continue to do what we said, that is we're going to return the majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders and we'll continue to act on our disciplined capital deployment strategy that we have in place. And the return that we have given to our shareholders have been in the form of dividends and share repurchases and that's what we expect to do going forward. We still have some time to complete the ASR that we put in place this spring. We'll work through that, and then we'll cross that bridge when we get to it. But we're stand behind our commitment on what we said and we're standing behind our strategy of disciplined capital deployment as we go forward.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. And the other comment I'll make is the 26% that we've seen is an average. That average that we're going through to understand what the real impact will be on us. Based upon our mix, we think it will be less than that 26%. And so what you see is that 2% of our business today, something less than what was indicated as the average. If you do the math in that, you can see what the impact will be for us in 2014. As far as the clinical schedule, yes, that is more uncertain. We're proactively working with the trade association to understand the intentions of CMS, what the timeframe is, what the logic is. The mechanism that was discussed was a mechanism around technology and with technology, it makes us more efficient. And a large portion of our value chain, yes, is running a large centralized efficient laboratories, but a large percentage of our value is the beginning of that process and the end of that process. And so we still have a lot of our cost structure that wasn't necessarily affected by some of the technology that we're referring to. So we're working through this one and has more question marks associated with it. But we believe, again, based on what we know today, based upon what we already knew going into this year with the government reimbursement changes, what we just had heard, what we see in our forecast for renegotiations with commercial players that we'll still stay within that envelope of 1% to 2% over that 3-year period that we indicated earlier. So that's where we are today.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, not sure you could apply that. First of all, there was a question asked whether we have good line of sight on what we need to do to deliver our guidance. We believe we do. And we believe the expectation for the second half is reasonable, given what we already know about what we'll get out of acquisitions, what we'll see with our price changes and also what's going to happen with the comparison versus the prior year. So we have good line of sight. Now what we also have, Isaac, is, with this line of sight, we're going to see some of the benefits of the investments we have made in the first half with the sales force, with new solutions in the marketplace and also with our professional services business. That will get us to our guidance. When the dust settles in 2013, we'll be able to evaluate whether in fact we stayed with the market or we actually gained some share. We don't know that yet, but we're focused on executing our plan and focused on executing. And we think the guidance we provided is reasonable based upon what we know and what we're doing.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Again, we will return the majority of the free cash flow to our shareholders. We have a disciplined capital deployment plan and strategy. We're standing behind that. We'll approach this proceed with that in mind. We believe that one way that we can continue to return the majority of free cash flow to our shareholders, it will be from our dividend and also share repurchases. But also, to your question, we are continuing to look for acquisitions that support our goal in that regard related to getting to a 1% to 2% revenue growth from acquisitions. I'm also pleased to say that we've got there in the second half. You see that we're looking year-on-year at 2% improvement in our top line related acquisitions we've done so far. We're continuing to work on those. And so therefore, there might be some portion of our capital that's used for those in the second half as well. I can't speculate on that at this point. But we're staying the course with our 5-point strategy and deliver disciplined capital deployment in the back half as we've done so far.
