Dan Haemmerle - Executive Director: Thank you, and good morning. I'm here with Steve Rusckowski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Guinan, our Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements and also discuss non-GAAP measures. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include, but are not limited to, those described in Quest Diagnostics' 2014 annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. Our earnings press release is available and the text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the Investor Relations' Quarterly Updates section of our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now, here's Steve Rusckowski.
Dan Haemmerle - Executive Director: Yes, typically in the press release tables, we update some of the line items around restructuring and some of the adjustments just for the year-to-date impact as much as anything else.
Dan Haemmerle - Executive Director: Not particularly. I mean, this is how we've done it historically and it's just based on our latest updates and latest actual results at that point.
Dan Haemmerle - Executive Director: Yeah, so what we said is in terms of requisitions, we said last year was requisition count was about $156 million. We said that in general, we see, on average, about three to four tests per requisition. When you think about that and on your question about the revenue per requisition growth, just keep in mind, that's a combination of both the pricing and reimbursement pressure that we're seeing, as well as the benefits of some of the test and business mix shifts. So when you think about pure pricing, the reimbursement pressure is a little bit less than 1% for the quarter. And so, how we got to that favorable revenue per acquisition overall is really being driven by favorable test and business mix shifts. Steve and Mark both mentioned gene-based and esoteric testing had – grew very nicely in the second quarter, grew in the first quarter as well. And so, some of the benefits of those additional tests on requisitions, as well as a richer test in some of the things that we are selling, has benefited that revenue per requisition calculation.
Mark J. Guinan: Thanks, Steve. Starting with revenues, consolidated revenues of $1.93 billion increased by 1.2% versus the prior year and grew organically by 80 basis points. Revenues for diagnostic information services or DIS for short improved by 0.4%, compared to the prior year. Volume, measured by the number of acquisitions, declined by 0.4%, versus the prior year. However, revenue per acquisition was 0.9% better than the prior year and, as Steve mentioned, it was first increase in three years. While reimbursement pressure continued to be moderate at just under 1%, we were more than able to offset that pressure through favorable test and business mix shifts. The favorable test mix shift reflects the strong growth in our gene based and esoteric testing. Moving to diagnostic solutions business, which includes risk assessment, clinical trials testing, healthcare IT and the remaining products businesses, revenues grew by 11% compared to the prior year. Our diagnostic solutions revenues will be lower on a reported basis in the second half of 2015 as a result of the contribution of our clinical trials business to the joint venture with Quintiles. To provide you with a representative view of the operational performance of the business, we will communicate our reported 2015 revenue against 2014 revenue on an equivalent basis. Revenue for 2014 on an equivalent basis excludes clinical trials revenues reported in the third and the fourth quarters of 2014. The 2014 revenue excluded is $41 million and $46 million in the third and the fourth quarter, respectively. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $321 million, or 16.7% of revenues, compared to $296 million or 15.5% of revenues a year ago. The improvement of 120 basis points can be primarily attributed to the benefits of our tests and business mix, Invigorate program and continued integration synergies from our 2014 acquisitions. Lower amortization in the quarter versus a year ago negatively impacted the comparison of cash EPS to the prior year by $0.03. For the quarter, adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, grew 5%, to $1.25. The company recorded after tax charges totaling $52 million in the quarter, $41 million of which is associated with our recent debt refinancing. The charges also included restructuring and integration costs associated with our Invigorate program and recent acquisitions, and combined to reduce reported EPS by $0.36. Last year's second quarter included $24 million of after tax costs associated with restructuring and integration charges, which reduced reported EPS by $0.16. As a reminder, we also expect to book a gain related to the valuation of the joint venture with Quintiles. We will adjust this one-time gain out of our earnings. Bad debt expense, as a percentage of revenues, was 4.1%. 20 basis points better than last quarter, but up 20 basis points compared to a year ago. Our DSOs were 44 days, one day lower than last quarter and three days lower than a year ago. Consistent with the first quarter, we are adjusting our operating cash for the first half of the year to exclude cash charges for the debt refinancing. Adjusted cash provided by operations was $324 million in the second quarter of 2015. Reported cash provided by operations in the second quarter of 2015 was $275 million and was negatively impacted by cash charges of $49 million associated with the early retirement of debt, in connection with the company's debt refinancing. In the second quarter of 2014, reported cash provided by operations was $280 million. Typically, cash flow is stronger in the second half. However, this year, we have an extra payroll cycle and a tax payment associated with the previously disposed business that, together, account for about $100 million. Despite these headwinds in the back half, we now expect adjusted cash provided by operations to exceed $850 million for the year. Capital expenditures were $61 million in the quarter, compared to $49 million a year ago. Moving to guidance, we expect full year 2015 results before special items as follows. Revenues are now expected to be between $7.49 million and $7.57 billion, an increase of 2% to 3% versus 2014 on an equivalent basis. Adjusted diluted EPS is unchanged, to be between $4.70 and $4.85. Adjusted cash provided by operations is expected to exceed $850 million, and capital expenditures are also unchanged to approximately $300 million. Now let me turn it back to Steve.
Mark J. Guinan: Yeah, thanks, Steve. Glen, you're correct that I think some of that certainly is driven by some of the business that we've talked about for a while and that we thought was lower value add, and I think the fact that we were able to grow revenue and earnings validates that walking away from some of that volume, it was probably a good decision. And that does anniversary certainly through the second quarter, so we've talked about also the back half having easier comps than the front half. The other perspective I just want to provide is we talked about the weakness of using requisitions for volume. Certainly, we're responsible for that. That's what we provide, but there certainly are some watch-outs there, so the real important thing is obviously the tests. And I can tell you that test volumes actually grew despite the fact that requisition volumes declined in the quarter. So we feel good about the volumes. That's what we're trying to drive through our clinical franchise strategy is to actually drive a better outcome for patients, which in many cases means actually filling in more richer req than what it's been maybe in the past and some of the business we walked away were lower value, fewer test requisitions. So again, we just wanted to give you additional perspective. Actually, test volume did grow in the quarter.
Mark J. Guinan: Yeah, Jack, I'd say, as we've mentioned before, it's directional. We're seeing some growth in that area, but certainly not to the extent of what our fair share might be of over 10 million new lives in the system. Our belief is that it's going to take some of the newly insured a while to learn how to navigate the system. Their experience with healthcare has either been nothing or going to the hospital in an emergency setting for a lot of them. And they continue, I'd say, to utilize the hospital to a greater degree than they will over time. So, we're certainly expecting to get our fair share, but I think to this point, we're not there yet. And as I said, they need to figure out how to find a primary care physician, how to navigate the very complicated healthcare system, and then we'll see certainly more growth down the road. And we do see a growth that's fairly aligned with the states that have expanded Medicaid, certainly versus the states that have not, and we absolutely are seeing a reduction in the volume of our uninsureds.
Mark J. Guinan: Bill, as we shared, the six deals we closed in the prior year, were about worth $40 million in revenue. I will also mention that some of the first teals we did were smaller. It was kind of our proof point. So you shouldn't assume that that's the average deal we might close going forward. So as we've gotten more learning, we got more confident. We've engaged actually with some deals with the potential to be much larger than the average we've closed thus far.
Mark J. Guinan: Yeah, Gary, as I mentioned earlier, we anticipate a significant gain on the creation of the joint venture, so that will be an adjustment in the other direction. What we also have mentioned is our attempt is to provide better information. That's why we do these adjustments and if you look at a three-year period, from 2012 through 2014, actually adjusted earnings and GAAP earnings are very, very close. So we have adjustments up, we have adjustments down. We're trying to provide clarity and to Dan's point, the reason we do the tables we have, is not that we're wed to anything specifically, but we're trying to be consistent to make it easier and clearer on our stakeholders.
Mark J. Guinan: Yeah, and I just want to add this important distinction. So the direct-to-consumer prices are really a self-pay price. So for anybody who's got commercial insurance, and depending on your plan, even if you make the decision yourself on a test, there could be coverage and there might be coverage, you'll get the negotiated commercial rate. And in fact, our prices with people who have commercial insurance are not all that different than the competitor mentioned. So we feel pricing is actually an advantage for us. We'd like to see more transparency. Our largest national provider has a tool where people who are a part of their plan can go to their site and can actually shop and we think that's a real positive thing. So we're in support of pricing transparency. But there is a difference between what self-pay price might be and what people have under their commercial coverage
Mark J. Guinan: We did not because the acquisitions pretty much – (49:19) anniversaried in Q1 and Summit was at the very beginning of April. So it's just inconsequential, so we didn't tease that out.
Mark J. Guinan: Yes, so we haven't broken out the incremental $600 million that we talked about, taking us from over $700 million at the end of 2014 to $1.3 billion over the next several years. So we haven't broken that down by year, having suggested that it's proportional. However, obviously, you can see, as we committed, that some of that Invigorate is now starting to help us to actually grow profitability and not just to offset some of the headwinds. So we haven't teased out the exact numbers at this point, Whit, but you shouldn't expect that it should be skewed heavily in one direction or another. The $600 million is going to be fairly steady over the next couple of years.
Mark J. Guinan: Yeah, so it's the things we talked about. Obviously, you start with some of the things, basic, such as procurement excellence, certainly some of the lab efficiencies that we're driving through our Quest Management System. We did talk about some things that probably are going to be skewed toward the back end in terms of the full savings that Jim Davis referred to specifically, the three planks about e-enablement, certainly getting paid more for the work that we do and the value that we provide, those things. Some of the things are going to take a little longer, though certainly were in the early stages. We've talked about starting to implement credit cards in our patient service centers, starting to put them in some – inner office (53:46) to actually get payment more upfront, instead of having to chase it after the fact, more similar to what the rest of the healthcare industry has been doing for quite a while. So, it's not as if some of these things are going to not start until the back end, but some of them are just going to take longer to get to their full level of savings. All of those things, along with some of the things that we've been doing for the last several years, are going to continue to help us drive Invigorate up to that next level of $1.3 billion.
Mark J. Guinan: Yeah, well, as I noted before, you've seen that despite some volume declines, we've actually been able to grow revenue the last several quarters. So first off, I want to mention that. But yes, as Steve mentioned, we did have some of that volume, less profitable volume that we walked away from, and that's gotten behind us. And then we did also cite some competitive losses, Department of Defense was one of them that was a while back. A lot of the implementation really happened over the last 12 months. And then there was a large Blue's plan in Philadelphia, Independence Blue Cross, where we were at par with our chief competitor, and they negotiated a rate to exclude us. So we did have that loss. Now, that again largely gets behind us as we go into the back half of the year. So those two large losses combined with the volumes that we walked away from have made volume certainly a headwind over the last 12 months, but those comps get a lot easier in the back half.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, thanks for the question. First of all, we continue to look at the best way to engage with the healthcare marketplace by state. Arizona was notable because of the new law, and we're actively participating in that. I think some portion of all markets will access the healthcare system this way, not all, and it will be a growing trend with, as I said, the trend around the consumer and that's become an increasingly important part of our business. We also have been offering, A. J., access to our Blueprint for Wellness online. That's accessible beyond Arizona. And, as I said, we're expanding that with the Blueprint for Athletes offering. So as far as we're concerned, we're going to continue to evaluate where we get more aggressive in certain starts, where it makes sense, where we can still do it. As you know, all states are not created equal here. Arizona was very strong in this regard. We are trying to see how Arizona goes. As I said, we're actually encouraged by the initial results from what we see in Arizona and we do believe this is a trend we're on top of, and we're very well positioned. You asked a question about Theranos, they continue to be a regional lab that is getting additional labs, as you know. Probably, it's important for me to mention that part of the attention they've received is around Capital Blue in Pennsylvania. And I just wanted to reiterate for the people on this call that actually Capital Blue is a very strong partner of ours. And actually, interesting enough, despite that news, we actually extended our longstanding relationship with Capital Blue with a new contract in January of this year. And we are their only national laboratory and its preferred provider. And, actually, I have recently spoken with the CEO there, and he did note that the arrangement that they have with Theranos does not change, in any aspect, the agreement that they have with Quest. As a matter of fact, what we went on to talk about is the difficult challenges we faced in healthcare, and what we could do together to help with the challenges of healthcare cost and help with this membership. And what we offered to him, with our great quality and our great cost, is an important part of a solution he sees for his marketplace. So we are very well positioned with Capital Blue, and we're, again, one of their laboratories, but we're their only national laboratory and their preferred provider. So I wanted to share that with you. We obviously didn't share that publicly, but to give you some color of, in fact, what we have for a presence in many of our marketplaces despite news you might hear from others.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yeah, sure. First of all, our initial reaction from customers is quite good. We continue to build volume in the business that we moved over to the JV. When I say volume, I mean revenue and profit, and you saw that in some of our numbers, and then that's now part of the JV. So that's a strong combination with their strong business. We're doing this, as I said in my remarks, to build a stronger business when we put both resources together. And this is both in terms of addressing the market, so growing faster, and also taking some cost out. So we're going to be more profitable, and that's why we did it. So, reactions from those customers that we've gone out and spoke about how we're going to act together with Q2 Solutions has been quite good, and we're encouraged by that. The second part of your question, Amanda, has to do with the work we are going to do together now to tease out, if you will, the value we can create for drug discovery. The first part of this is we have this incredible capability in clinical chemistry and our data is very strong. And so, on the testing side, we believe by working proactively with Pharma, we could have an earlier bird's eye access to what we could do with diagnostics and typically have that access to help us be well positioned as the companion diagnostic partner with some of the new drugs that will enter the market in years to come. So that's one area that we're going to put some work into now that the initial JV has closed. And the second is just the data that we've talked about. We have data, they have data, Pharma has data. And how do we collaborate together to use that data, in a smart way, to improve drug discovery? And one idea that people have talked about, and we already have done some of this with our data already, is with better patient selection. And anything they can do to be more targeted and more precise and help with making drug discovery more efficient is a very good thing for our Pharma partners. So that's what we're going to spend some time in. As I said in my remarks, we're going to take some time now to work with the management team of Quintiles to see if we can find exactly what we will do. We're proud to say we have formed all of this in a very capital efficient way, and we're going to deliver good value for our shareholders.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yeah, well, we continue to share the information we have with you all. As we shared, we said the goal was to have the draft guidance out in June. Well, we're past that date. But we continue to hear that we're going to be seeing something, not in the distant future, but hopefully in the near future. They're not specific on timing. And as I said in my remarks, it's because it is a very complex task that we're all taking on. We're all engaged. We're working proactively with them. Our trade association, ACLA, which I'm the chairman of, is actively engaged with them. So, we're entering this with the spirit of making sure we get the data we need to have to rebase the clinical schedule in 2017. And, again, we want to make sure it's a full view of the market, which includes all laboratories we compete with, and obviously that includes small independents, large nationals and hospital outreach labs because that's a big part of this market, as you all know. So we know what we have shared and we continue to be anxiously waiting, as you, for the guidelines. We'll have time to comment on that. We have a lot of data to collect in 2016 to get the refresh done in 2017. So that's the schedule we have.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: No, no, not at all. As a matter of fact, we've shared precisely what we shared with you, as far as the market – the competition in the market, which includes about a third of the market being hospital outreach. As you know, when you buy a hospital outreach business we have to go through antitrust reviews so, by definition, if you have to go through antitrust review, they are our competitor, and therefore they should be part of a full view of the market. So we haven't got any kind of push-back on that at all. So we continue to believe that we will be included because they should be included.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yeah, yeah. Well first of all, we continue to be very encouraged. I would say that the interest on the lab strategy for hospitals and integrated delivery systems continues to grow. As I said in my comments, we are very encouraged by our funnel and our discussions. When you enter into discussions with large organizations, it takes a longer time to come to conclusion, but we're making progress on some bigger prospects that hopefully we will be sharing with you in the second half. With all that said, we've talked about us closing on a number ever opportunities already, and what I'll share with you in the back half, you'll see some more. We have not broken it out because typically what we do, Bill, is we take these opportunities and we fold those into our regions and that's how we can get synergies and we can have advantages for hospital systems working with us. In some cases, we offload some of the hospital test menu and we move them into our closely located laboratories, which allows them to benefit from our effectiveness and our cost structure within that hospital environment. So it's more difficult to tease it out, but we are encouraged by the trend and we think this is something that we've invested in as part of our growth strategy. We feel good that we've put our bets in a good place and there will be more to come on this in the quarters to come.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, we're tracking to where we expect it to be for this year and also over the last three years. We have shared our guidance about three years ago, as far as what we expect to be seeing for price impact. We're in that envelope. So we feel good about our visibility on that. We've delivered on what we said it would be to you all. So you should have confidence we have a good handle on this. As far as pricing is concerned for 2016, what we shared is we see less pressure on the government side, based upon what we know about the clinical ad fee schedule and the physician fee schedule. So that's encouraging. And then we already got the question on PAMA what's happening in 2017 and beyond. We'll keep you abreast of what happens there. As far as visibility and pricing in the marketplace, as you know, the way patients and consumers engage with the marketplace, the question is, when do they actually have the out-of-pocket cost? And yes, we have published our own prices in Arizona and we think those prices are very competitive. When you look at our average price per requisition, if you were just to go through our 10-K and you just make an assumption around test per requisition, you see a very strong value proposition from Quest Diagnostics in the marketplace and as you know, most people in this country have insurance. That's a growing percentage over time. So therefore, for diagnostic testing, and as you also know, there's a portion of the Affordable Care Act that was related to screening and diagnostic testing. Some portion of what we do does not have out-of-pocket cost to consumers. So, how this all pans out as far as what the consumer will actually pay and how our prices affect kind of general visible and transparency of pricing in the marketplace, we'll see. The last part of this, I just want to reiterate, if you look at prices in this industry, there's wide disparities on prices. Hospital outreach organizations are sometimes in the neighborhood of two to five times more expensive than our prices. We think transparency around all of that for consumers and for health plans to provide to their membership is very important, and we're right in back of all that because we think that serves us very well, because our quality and our price of that quality is really unsurpassed in our marketplace. And so the more volume we get around that, the better for us, we believe.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yeah. Well, we just say, in general, it's not changing our pace of our acquisition portion of our strategy. We have always had and will continue to have going forward, as a portion of our Restore growth strategy, of having about 1% to 2% top-line growth from acquisitions. So our growth strategy is both organic and through acquisitions. So, it's an important part of our strategy. And because of that, we've been actively engaged on it. We announced the Memorial deal already. We said that we have more in our pipeline, so you should expect that there will be something else to come. As far as the deals itself, we continue to be very disciplined with how an acquisition would fit into our strategy, it has to be strategically aligned, and we have to meet our financial thresholds. And when we look at that, we continue to be prospective on what we think might happen with payment going forward. And you did mention PAMA and what could happen with the clinical lab fee schedule, but it is an unknown for the whole industry. So, I would say in general, that's not an active consideration right now, and just what's happening in the general environment is not changing our pace or perspective on any of this right now.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: All I can share is when we've engaged with them, and I said this in my remarks, this is very complex. There's – we're one of thousands of laboratories. We have thousands of tests. They need to – and we have hundreds of payer contracts, and we're one. So if you go through the math, I mean, the degree of complexity by code is significant. So they're trying to understand how they collect the data in a reasonable way, and then curate that data to be able to make some sense out of it. And so as they got into it, it is a tall order for them to try to accomplish. So that's what I would share as the reason why I believe that they have not, missed the deadline and continue to be silent on when they think they're going to get this done. With all that said, it is what we have to try to figure out, and we do want to continue to work with them in good faith as an industry to get this put together, so we can get the data and have them share with us what they think the clinical lab fee schedule will be in 2017. So that's what I can share, Whit, that's what we know.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yeah. Just to underscore what Mark has said, we continue to share with you that our Restore growth plan is both organic and through acquisition. We feel very good that in the first half, we grew greater than 3% growth in revenues. It's a good number. Some portion out of that is organic and some portion through acquisitions. As you know, in the second quarter, we were lighter in acquisitions, and we provided you guidance in the back half of the year. And that 3% growth has allowed us to grow earnings at the level that we have, and it's real earnings. If you look at our operating income, it's up nicely versus last year. We're proud of that. And, also, we've gotten expansion, margin expansion. So, we think we've got the right formula here that we're working, and we'll continue that formula because at the end of the day, as you all know, the way we're going to get our value up for this company is to continue to grow our earnings, and we think we're on the right path to do that.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: And that outcome is not a coincidence. It is a consequence of our strategy, to steer a larger portion of our portfolio to where we can make more money and where we can deliver value.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: So, we – as one of our elements of our value that we deliver to all our clients, including integrate delivery systems in hospitals, is we have one of the broadest test menu of anyone. So, as you know, we've got the most routine and the most advanced, and we're bringing new science to the marketplace every day. We're proud of that, and we think it will continue to be a differentiator. The hospital market, the referencer (01:02:40) market, is a more concentrated marketplace. It's – there's no specific number because in addition to the test menu, it includes consideration about quality and service and reputation in the marketplace. And, yes, pricing is a consideration for that as well. So, you have to put all of those elements together to eventually really understand what happens at the end of the day of us getting reference work and more hospital business versus others. So, there's no particular number that we can see.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Okay. I think we're up on time. So I just wanted to say once again that we believe we had another good quarter. We are making solid progress executing our strategy. We appreciate your time here today and we hope you have a great day. So take care and see you in our travels.
