Kathleen Valentine: Thank you, and good morning. I'm here with Steve Rusckowski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Hagemann, our Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results include, but are not limited to, those described in Quest Diagnostics 2011 annual report on Form 10-K, 2012 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. A copy of our earnings press release is available, and the text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the Investor Relations Quarterly Update section of our website -- on our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now here is Steve Rusckowski.
Kathleen Valentine: No, I mean, we haven't seen anything yet. I mean, I know they're contemplating and expecting some changes on the 88305. We haven't seen what that change is yet. So we haven't seen any impact in terms of our volumes related to that.
Kathleen Valentine: Sure. Steve, the CMS is charged with providing the direction and the guidance on how the new codes and the reimbursement for these new codes should be done. And as you know, kind of what's proposed is sort of a gap-fill approach. There are a lot of questions that we in the industry have that we've put to CMS in terms of how that will be done and the timeframe with which to do it. I don't think it's all that common that they typically give the commercial payers, the individual payers, kind of the discretion to set reimbursement. But there are a lot of questions that the industry is asking, and centered -- starting with what the process is, to your point, in terms of who is -- the steps to take in terms of setting that reimbursement and also concerns around the timeframe with which to do it in terms of right now it's slated to go into effect in the beginning of '13. So there's a lot to be -- still be sorted out. We are working with industry through the trade association...
Kathleen Valentine: Absolutely. And looking to get CMS to provide more specifics and instruction on exactly how to do that because we certainly -- we don't want it to be a disparate sort of approach. We want it to be thoughtful and want the industry's best interests protected through the process.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, thanks, Tom, for the question. First of all, the market continues to be what we described as soft. Even though we see a pickup in physician office visits from some of the outsourced statistics, we're not just seeing it yet in our volume. So utilization, we believe, is somewhat mixed. Second is that even though that we believe that the market is soft, the market has seen some indications that it is growing in some pockets, but we're not obviously seeing that growth. And so therefore, we actually believe our execution is not quite where we expected it to be. And specifically, we talked about narrowing the networks with payers. We still believe there's an opportunity there, but we have not seen it yet. We're still actively working inside here on getting that and also working with payers to make sure we eventually deliver it. So that's what's changed, Tom.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, first of all, we do believe that, that trend in the hospital marketplace is happening. So they are picking up a larger piece of the market. It is hard for us to give visibility on market share. And at our November 16th Investor Day, we'll give you a lot more detail on specifically what's happening in this market and what we think our performance has been in the past and what we think the opportunity is going forward. But at this point, we don't have specifics.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, first of all, Kevin, thank you for that. And we continue to work with all the payers, and we believe having access to as many payers as possible in our business is important. But as you know, we don't provide specifics on relationships with payers but we continue to be aggressively managing our approach to payers going forward. I spoke in my prepared remarks about a new organizational structure. And a key part of that structure is to pull together multiple sales forces within the company. But part of that is to make sure that we emphasize the importance of our payer relationships and health plans going forward. So it's an important of, we believe, our continuing to focus on improving how to go to market. They're an important part of our go-to-market plan, and we need to do a better job than we've done in the past.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, thanks, Amanda. Well, first of all, I think there's another dynamic and that is to some extent related to reform, and that is hospital systems buying physicians. So we believe 65% of physicians today work for hospital systems. It's a larger percentage of specialists and a lower percentage of primary care, but the percentage of primary care will increase. And as they bring more physicians into their network, we believe this is affecting the dynamic of laboratory services and where that work is performed. We actually believe because of this dynamic, there's been a shift in the market into the hospital side of the equation. Our question mark as we go forward is, is it sustainable? And actually, this transaction we just announced today with UMass I think is an indication that it's not quite clear that all think it's best for hospital systems to be in the laboratory outreach business. So we're watching it carefully. The question earlier was, is there a dynamic that there's more hospitals interested in this type of transaction? There is an increase in activity of hospital CEOs debating what the best answer is for the laboratory services, and we're engaged in those conversations. So the dynamic in the industry is changing, and some of that's related to health care reform, but some of it's related to what's happening with integrated delivery networks.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Sure, absolutely. Well, first of all, as you would expect, our Invigorate goal is primarily around cost, and we're encouraged by the results that we've seen so far. And therefore, we've increased our expectation for this year in that regard. But as you know, driving operational excellence is not just about cost, it's affecting the quality of the operation. And so we believe in addition to improving our cost position, we also can improve our service levels. So hand-in-hand with our improvements in costs, we expect that our service levels will improve as well. And so in parallel with all the costs initiatives, we're making sure that we don't deteriorate our service level performance metrics, how quickly we respond to phone calls, how our customer satisfaction scores are going in our patient service centers, what type of response time or turnaround time we have for specimens back to the physician. All those are quite important, and we believe we can improve quality while at the same time reducing our cost structure. And when we do that, we believe that will affect our customer focus and will affect restoring growth.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, as you know, Lisa, there's a lot of uncertainty around the environment in general and specifically what's going to happen with health care going forward. As you know, we're in the middle of the election and there's a lot of questions in Washington what will happen over time. Well, first of all, there is a sense that irregardless of who gets into office, that there's some fundamentals of the Affordable Care Act that will be retained. There is a sense that there will be more lives in the system with different insurance options, and we think that's good for this industry. We know the demographics, those demographics have been with us for some time, and those won't change. And so therefore, with the aging population, we believe there will be an opportunity. And also people still believe in early detection and wellness programs, which is good for this industry. But over time, the question is what will happen with all the different payment movement types within the system and what happens to the individual states. And there's a lot of uncertainty, and last quarter, we shared that with you. So it's difficult for us to predict. We do believe overall, the Affordable Care Act is positive for this industry, but the specifics of how that will play out are still uncertain at this time.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, first of all, it's just in its early days, and it's hard to indicate or hard to predict will it be a positive or negative at this point. So but it's starting to get some traction, but it's early.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Okay. And specific to organization, we have essentially functionalized the largest part of our company, and we'll be using a term of diagnostic information services. And as we have shared, we brought in a new sales leader. The reason for that is we want to bring sales excellence to this company. Specifically, underneath the new sales leader, and his name is Everett Cunningham, he joins us from Pfizer. He's a seasoned sales executive with over 20 years of experience in a variety of roles. But we want to consolidate all our sales forces and have 1 consolidated view for Quest Diagnostics into the marketplace. Much of this change, much of this change is related to management. And we're reemphasizing to our sales reps, people who are actually calling our customers and driving volume, that their account assignments will not change and -- for the remainder of this year and for the plan going forward. This is about management reorganization and not specific to what they do on a day-to-day basis. So we're reemphasizing that with this transition. And we're meeting every other day as an operational team to make sure that anything that comes up in our organization, we're on top of. So we're on top of this closely to make sure we don't miss a beat in the fourth quarter. But I wanted to share that with you, and then when we get together in November at our Investor Day, we'll share more specifics of what we plan of doing structurally and operationally to be able to restore growth. And you'll get an opportunity to meet Everett Cunningham at that session.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, thanks, Gary, for the question. It is a leakage issue, and specifically the plans are aligned with us on trying to drive a narrower network. Obviously, if they're incented to do it, we would be incented to do it as well. And yes, they have been reluctant in the past, you call it cracking the whip with physicians. But let me share with you, they've already taken some actions to be able to put some of these physicians that we believe there's an opportunity on notice. And we believe they will be acting more aggressively going forward because it serves our interests well and their interests to do this. So we again are not giving up on it. We believe there's still an opportunity for us going forward, there's an opportunity with the health plans. And we still believe going forward, we'll work on this real time to make it a reality.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: No, it's just fundamentally, operationally getting to happen what we planned on happening. And we plan on some things with health plans. We've worked through those. We're reevaluating those actions because they haven't been as successful as we expect that they would be, and so we're putting together a new and improved plan, if you will, plan-by-plan to get the growth we expect.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, well, thanks, Darren. This is an opportunity obviously to work with a large health system in Central Massachusetts and bring in some volume to our company. But we're also taking it as an opportunity to continue to invest in our business going forward. And we have a number of operations in the Northeast. We see this as an opportunity to basically architect and then eventually build and equip that organization with a different workflow than we currently have in some of our labs. Also invest in automation and apply the principles that we applied at some of our best labs around our network. And so we're very encouraged that we can take the best learnings that we have throughout our network of labs throughout the United States and apply it to this effort with UMass.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Well, first of all, as you know, the pharma industry is slow. There's less investment going on today than there once was. And that's affecting our business. That's the best way to describe it. So there's some of your typical starts and stops, but there is an industry slowdown, if you will, with trials in general that's affecting our clinical trials business. And that had a substantial effect on our growth rate this quarter.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, sure. Well, first of all, I do believe that we can take cost out of the business, and we've indicated that before. And some of the cost we'll take out has no impact on our customer-facing activities. We shared in the past, let me give you an example, as we do believe we can do better job of procurement, buying supplies and the products that we use for operations will have no impact on customer-facing activities. We're looking at our whole administrative cost structure, clearly, we need less of administration so we can put more energy into those activities that will generate growth. So this is another example of where we can take cost out without affecting our top line. As far as the change organizationally, if you look at the organizational structure that we had, we have shared in our announcement about this that we believe we can take out 3 management layers. In the past, the structure that we had between myself and people that are selling or people that are doing blood draws or people working in our laboratories, in some cases, we had as many as 10 layers. And so, we believe that if you look at spans-and-layers and the opportunity to simplify the organization to make sure that we can be faster with decision-making and at the same time, be able to be much more aligned or around our 2 primary goals, which is driving operational excellence and restoring growth, this will help us. These cost reduction activities are all around management, all around management. So I would argue these are the people in the back, so the people that are doing the work, people that are selling, people that are doing blood draws, people that are dealing with the customers every day. And we believe that by reducing management and simplifying organizational structure, it'll impact and help us accelerate our ability to achieve our operational excellence goals and at the same time, by focusing more entirely as a company on our customer, it'll help us restore growth.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: And Isaac, let me just say 1 other comment and that is, we do believe as we go through our plan, and you'll see some of this at our Investor Day, that we will become more efficient. And we're looking at all our business, all our operations and looking at our resource allocation and where we invest to make sure we're putting an appropriate investment in terms of what we need to do to improve operational excellence. So truing up our operations, making sure we put in place best-in-class information systems and processes. We talked about the Lab of the Future at UMass. But also, we're looking at a go-to market organization to make sure we're putting the right resources in that organization. And we think actually our Invigorate program will give us some financial capacity, if you will, to make some of those investments as well. So we're looking at all that to make sure we're properly balanced to accomplish what we say we can accomplish by improving our operations and restoring growth at the same time.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. Well, thank you for that. Well, I can't say much about the past. I do understand why the structure was here, and from the -- going forward, we believe it's not the right structure for us with our 2 primary goals around operational excellence and restoring growth. What we announced in the organizational change is essentially disbanding the line of business structure throughout the company for the Diagnostic Information Services business. This will allow us to simplify the organization and take out some management positions. And fundamentally, it'll allow us to take advantage of our scale and capabilities operationally. So we're going to bring together all our operational capabilities underneath 1 leader, that person is John Haydon. John will be joining us actually from Philips. I've worked with John in the past, actually brought him into Philips about 3 years ago. He has the absolute best capabilities that we could find for this job. We did an external search. We talked to a number of individuals. I personally was engaged in this and talked to over a dozen people. We brought them through the management team, and we spent time to make sure we had the best possible person we could find. So under John's leadership, we believe we can consolidate, if you will, all our operational activities; think about the full value chain, from specimen to eventual cash; the organization and by thinking about it holistically as a company, we could take the next tranche of improvement, if you will, for this company. So we think it is the right structure going forward to be able to support the goals that we have in Invigorate and over time, as we say, restore growth.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes. So let me start with just reiterating what we have said, and we continue to stand by our word that it is our intention to return the majority of our free cash flow to investors and then we are going to achieve our targeted leverage ratio. That's point #1. Point #2 is we will have the Investor Day, and we'll be sharing more insight into capital deployment specifically going forward, and we look forward to having that conversation with you then. So Bob, would you like to share…
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Yes, sure. Well, thanks for the question. As you have said, Ricky, there's a lot of change going on in health care, and probably the biggest change, fundamentally, in terms of provision of health care is around hospital systems buying physician practices. And that is a big change, and I made some comments about that earlier today that it is affecting, at least in the short run, with some of the ancillary services and where that work is directed because of their ownership of those physicians. You mentioned ACOs, and as you know, ACOs are a part of the Affordable Care Act, and there are a lot of these pioneer organizations. And some portion of those organizations are around hospital systems, but some portion of those organizations are actually around physician groups. And we are deeply engaged with many of these organizations because also the health plans are quite interested in engaging as well because the model in the short run is a fee for service model. But in the future, it is anticipated that there will be more of a capitated payment reimbursement model, which will fundamentally change how health care is paid for in this country. We believe that, that obviously will take some time because it's complicated, as you know. But we're in active conversations with payers, with providers both on the physician side, as well as hospital systems. And frankly, you see one ACO, you see 1 pioneer ACO, you see 1 ACO, 1 pioneer ACO. Everyone has a different approach, everyone is thinking through this and everyone is anticipating that it's here to say, but it's not quite sure at this point to how we will eventually merge into some more standardized model of how they'll operate. So a lot of question marks, a lot of uncertainties, a lot of work in play right now, and we're right in the middle of it.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Ricky, let me just add, in my prepared remarks, what we did share is that we are seeing Invigorate savings each quarter increase. And because of this acceleration in savings, it gives us more confidence in fact, we're going to be able exceed the $100 million exit run rate this year, and we've moved the number up to $150 million. So and I shared in my remarks that I am presently engaged in this and I spent a lot of time on this in my first 5 months. I'm encouraged because as you know, with these programs, it takes some time to get traction. We're seeing that traction quarter-on-quarter sequentially. We're seeing improvement, and that is giving us confidence that we can exceed our goal for this year, and we're well on track for the goals for the program.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Let me just add to that. We actually believe this will be a value-creating opportunity for our shareholders. We believe that it will be accretive to our earnings in 2014. We believe it will be accretive to our projected ROIC in 2015. And let me share with you that as an organization, we are putting in place the operating plan and the integration plan to make this a real success because we believe this can be potentially a model of future opportunities with integrated delivery networks. So we're very optimistic about the opportunity to build shareholder value, and we're going to go after it.
Stephen H. Rusckowski: Kevin, nothing significant at this point. There are still obviously some things that we're trying to work through with them, get some clarity on a number of things and in some cases, maybe change some perspectives that they have. But this I would expect is part of the normal process of going through this significant a change.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Kevin, as we indicated in the press release, we expect this to contribute about 1% to revenues next year for us. And to give you some sense as to valuation, the valuation was less than $100 million. And we would expect that, that sort of valuation is consistent with the types that we've seen for future fold-in acquisitions. This is one that we think is in that sweet spot that we've spoken about. Fold-in acquisition, we've got a good history of executing well against these, and we're very excited about the opportunity to work with UMass in the Massachusetts marketplace.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Kevin, it's down about 1% from the prior year, although it's relatively stable with the level that we had in Q2. Yes, as we've mentioned before, we continue to experience reimbursement pressure, but we're effectively offsetting that with increases or improvements in test mix and increases in the number of tests per requisition. And what you saw driving most of the year-over-year change this quarter is really the business mix. We continued to see strong growth in Drugs of Abuse Testing, which as you know, has much lower reimbursement rates than average. And unfortunately, we're continuing to see pressure on the Anatomic Pathology side, which carries higher reimbursement rates. So it's really the business mix that's driving the year-over-year change right now.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes. There's nothing specific baked into our guidance relative to any sort of disruption as a result of the organizational change. In fact, if you look at the third quarter revenue growth and you adjust it for the change or the difference in business days, the implied revenue growth in Q4 is pretty consistent with that.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, at this point, this is an outright purchase of the outreach business of UMass. And over time, we expect that there'll be a shared financial interest in the new entity. But yes, the transaction, as it stands today, is an outright acquisition of the outreach business.
Robert A. Hagemann: Look, as we've seen historically, oftentimes, the commercial payers follow what the government does. And sometimes, it's faster. Sometimes, it's slower. We expect that they're all going to be very deliberate, though, with any changes that take place here so that we get this right. It's too important not to get it right. And it's still, as unfortunately with many things, early days and a little too early to tell what it could mean.
Robert A. Hagemann: Darren, look, this is one that obviously we've gotten a lot of questions on. We're continuing to evaluate all of our options with respect to these assets. And what we want to do obviously is what's in the best interest of the Quest shareholders. So more to come on that. We're still in the process of evaluating the different options that we've got.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Isaac, just to build on something that Steve said before about lower costs and improve service levels going hand-in-hand. We clearly think there's an opportunity to improve service levels as we reduce costs. A great example is the fact that we touch specimens, we touch bills over and over again, a lot of manual work is done here. And as we increase electronic connectivity, which is one of the elements of the Invigorate program, we take that waste out of the system and at the same time, we improve the service levels for customers. So that's a good example of how we can improve service levels and reduce costs at the same time.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Sandy, as you know, the program that we've defined to date runs through the end of 2014. We've put some estimates out there as to what the charges will be over the life of that program. With the added amount of charges we expect from the management reorganization, the totals now are between $115 million to $195 million over the course of that period. And the biggest chunk of that is in employee separation costs, a large portion of which we've incurred to date. But you should expect that we'll continue to see charges over the next several quarters at a minimum, probably in some cases, stretching into 2014. As we said earlier, the voluntary severance or the voluntary retirement program is going to result in charges over the next several quarters as employees leave the workforce.
Robert A. Hagemann: Most of the charges will be cash charges. There will be some asset write-downs and the like as we start to restructure the testing network. But the majority of the charges are going to be cash charges.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, just on some of those. Yes, let's talk about first the timeframe and the migration of esoteric to routine. I'm not sure that we've necessarily witnessed a shortening of that. As you do know, though, most tests, and in fact, we hope that tests that start out as esoteric will ultimately become routine because that means the utilization ramps up and as you know, as we go through that lifecycle of a test, the revenues ramp up, the margin percent probably comes down as reimbursement comes down, costs also come down, margin dollars grow over time, so that's a good thing as we see utilization increase. And we expect that as we look ahead, the pipeline of new tests will continue to be very robust. So we're expecting that test per requisition, test mix will continue to favorably impact revenue per requisition for us. But as you know, things that do start out as esoteric over time migrate to routine, but we haven't seen necessarily an acceleration of that trend. It takes a while for physicians to change behaviors and adopt things. I mean, we have some evidence that says that it takes between 6 and 8 years for a test to be fully adopted and utilized. So I'm not sure I see anything that's necessarily going to dramatically accelerate that at this point.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Gary. You're clearly going to hear a lot more about our plans at the Investor Day in November. And just to set expectations, though, we're not anticipating providing 2013 guidance there. We're certainly going to talk about our plans in great detail and hopefully, get you very comfortable with what we expect to accomplish with them. But we'll be giving 2013 guidance in connection with our year-end earnings call in January.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Gary, just to reiterate what we said earlier, we said, return the majority of free cash flow to investors after achieving our targeted leverage ratio, which we indicated would require us to pay down between $500 million to $700 million of debt this year. We're almost there. We've paid down $500 million year-to-date, so it implies that there's not much more to go. And by the end of this year, we'll have the debt level where we're comfortable. And then, we certainly have the flexibility that we want to return the majority of free cash flow to investors beginning in 2013. But we made it very clear that, that's after we achieve targeted leverage ratios.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Ricky, this is Bob. Let me take the latter part of the question first, and that is, the cost associated with incremental volumes. Clearly, what we're doing with the Invigorate program is reducing costs across-the-board, both fixed costs and variable costs. So as we see incremental volumes come into the network as a result of health care reform and the like and our actions as well, we expect that they're going to deliver incremental profit greater than we would have otherwise had. So we're feeling very good about what that can ultimately deliver. With respect to what the run rate is at the end of any given quarter or how much of Invigorate savings is in any one given quarter, we're trying to stay away from getting into that level of detail. I think the best way for you to measure how we're proceeding and how we're progressing with the program is looking at what's happening with margins, and I think we've demonstrated that we've had some good uplift there this quarter. Obviously, we're seeing benefits from the Invigorate program. As you know, I think I've spoken about in the past, generally, we've got about $130 million of inflation that we need to give up or need to cover every year. Roughly $3 billion salaries, wages and benefits, we're seeing sort of 3% average inflation on that historically. And then, the other $3 billion in costs inflates in the range of 1% to 1.5% a year. So that's one of the first things that we need to offset with the Invigorate program before we can get some margin expansion. And obviously, we're starting to see that.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, the transaction is obviously subject to regulatory review. We don't expect that's going to be an issue. And we're anticipating the transaction to close within the next 90 days or so. Relative to test mix and the like, yes, the outreach business that we see there is pretty consistent with the sort of test mix that we have in our operations in Massachusetts. But we do believe there's an opportunity to bring some of the testing capabilities that we have, some of the esoteric testing capabilities we have more broadly to that marketplace now.
