Steve Rusckowski: Thanks, Shawn and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We performed well in the quarter, growing our base business year-over-year while increasing our share of COVID-19 molecular testing since March. As we have said before, we believe demand for COVID-19 molecular testing is not going away anytime soon. It will continue into 2023. Based on our overall performance in the quarter and our expectations for the remainder of 2022, we have raised our full year guidance. We also made very good progress on our leadership transition. Jim will give you an update and take you through our second quarter highlights and then Mark will take you through our financial performance in more detail before we get into your questions. But before I turn it over to Jim, I'd like to say a few words about the saving access to Laboratory Services Act, now called Salsa, the important new federal laboratory legislation recently introduced in Congress as well as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit's recent ruling on our trade associations PAMA lawsuit. We're grateful for the efforts of Senate and House members who introduced this legislation on both sides of the aisle. In our view, Salsa could fix PAMA permanently, setting the Medicare clinical lab fee schedule back on a sustainable path. In 2014, the intent of Congress when passing PAMA was to reform the Medicare clinical lab fee schedule to a single national fee schedule based on private payer rates for the clinical laboratory services. Unfortunately, the first round of data collection failed to collect the data from large significant segments of the marketplace. The result was billions of Medicare cuts over 3 years, with more on their way if Salsa is not passed. Our trade association is coordinated to Congressional Meetings along with public advocacy efforts that involves collaboration with the provider and patient communities. Last week, the D.C. Circuit Court issued a decision in the PAMA lawsuit filed in 2017 by our trade association, ACLA. In short, the court sided with ACLA and called the CMS's exclusion of hospital price data "arbitrary and capricious." Importantly, this case has been rejected for procedural reasons and this is the first opinion based on its merits. Unfortunately, the court is not requiring CMS to recalculate the flawed payment amounts. While disappointing, we believe this favorable ruling will give Congress additional strong grounds to finally fix PAMA's mini flaws by passing Salsa. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Jim Davis.
Steve Rusckowski: Thanks, Mark. As many of you know, this will be Mark's last earnings call as he is retiring next week. Mark, you've been a key member of our leadership team as we have transformed Quest and accelerated its growth. I'm grateful for everything you've done for the company, especially for the last 2.5 years of the pandemic. I would miss your partnership and consult as we navigated many challenges over nearly a decade. I wish you and your family, health and happiness as you approach the next chapter in your life. Thanks.
Steve Rusckowski: And A.J., just so it's clear. You all know that the Emergency Act has been extended and so we're assuming in our guidance that will be extended through October but we're not assuming in our guidance that it extends past October until we have certainty around that, okay? So that is the assumption and what we've just provided for guidance for the remainder of the year. And I think since you asked, A.J., Jim, why don't you comment a little bit about the opportunities we still see around the bigger rate and you mentioned in our opening remarks about the things we have changed. But why don't you chat a little bit about why we're still bullish on the prospects of improving productivity.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes, Jack, as you know, in Q1, we did about $600 million worth of COVID. And in the second quarter that we're talking about right now, it was roughly $350 million. So that was a material change in COVID. And as Mark has gone through, there's a lot more dynamics in what the margin is in COVID. But essentially, that sequential compare and our margin drop is primarily related to the drop in COVID testing.
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So thanks for the question. And we are very pleased with the progress we have made with all payers and where we are today versus when I started which was over 10 years ago. We've got a network now that is the strongest network that we've ever had. And I would say our relationship with all the significant payers, national and regional is very strong. And they are increasingly realizing that it's good for their membership and good for their competitiveness in the market to have us in the network and we bring a lot of value. And so we're entirely focused on what we call powering affordable care which is consistent with what Jim has driven in the company around making sure that we have great quality, great service and a great experience. And you heard earlier from Jim as we continue to push on just working smarter and by working smarter, we're getting more productivity but we're also going to have a better product. And payers understand that. And so as Jim mentioned, we have gotten some increases from the payers over the last several negotiation rounds. We continue to believe that is something we're going to continue to push for because we do bring a lot of value in the marketplace. And we're very competitive in the marketplace. And so if you look at the price effect that we saw in the quarter and what we have typically said in the past historically, remember, historically, we said you should plan at about 100 basis points with the price effect. Well, in this quarter, in the last quarter, we've actually saw less than that. And that's the best position we bet in. And I will share within that envelope, the commercial payer portion of it is significantly less than where we've been historically. But we still see pressure with price, with our hospital business, with our client bill business and that's in that envelope as well. But on the commercial payer side, we're in a very different place than we were before. And I'll share with you a part of Jim and I on my transition is Jim and I are going into the nationals and the regional payers and we're talking about what we've done in the past and more importantly, what we're doing in the future. We just had a meeting last week with one of the national payers and they see us as a much more significant player in the marketplace than what people think about us as which is a laboratory. We're much more of the lab. We actually help them improve the value of health care going forward. So a much better place than where we were in a good place right now.
Steve Rusckowski: So just to add to that, so what you're hearing from us is, yes, we hear your comments about inflation. And yes, we have inflationary pressure. And yes, we're managing that. But what you're also hearing from us is we're in a better price position than we've been in. You need to think about that too and thinking about the prospect of what we're going to do in '23. We're not going to provide guidance. But we still feel confident with what we shared at Investor Day in 2021 around the prospects of what we're going to do going forward.
Steve Rusckowski: And the second part is, remember COVID and we're 2 years into it. And every time COVID infections go up, our base business comes down some. And if you think about a physician and what they need to do to run their offices and as you know, a large portion of our business is through physicians in their offices, if there's call outs of their staff or if their patients are missing their appointments because they are now infected, it affects volume. So there's no question there's a correlation. And the good news for us is when that happens, our COVID business goes up, right? So Jim, why should...
Steve Rusckowski: Yes. So as you know, we don't generally give you numbers every quarter about different segments of our business. In advanced diagnostics, we generally give you an annual update and we'll do that again. But we keep on indicating that we believe we are making progress of getting to a higher level of growth, as we indicated in our Investor Day in '21. We feel good about the progress. And we gave you a number in the beginning of the year. And the same is true about our consumer initiated testing. We periodically give you an update to show that we're making progress. So we're feeling good about the investments made, the returns we'll get. And again, you should see more returns in our '23 guidance or the expectations around that because we believe they still remain to be good opportunities.
Steve Rusckowski: Okay. So thank you, everyone. And again, thank you, Mark, for your time here at Quest. We're going to miss you and we wish you well. So thanks, everyone, for joining the call. We appreciate all your questions and support and we'll see you in our travels. Have a good day.
Jim Davis: Thanks, Steve. Our base business performed well despite softer utilization trends which we believe impacted us and the rest of the health care industry. I'm proud of the efforts our team has made to grow our share of COVID-19 molecular testing since the end of the first quarter. We also ramped our investments to further accelerate growth in the areas of advanced diagnostics and direct-to-consumer testing. In the quarter, we announced the selection of our next CFO, Sam Samad. Sam joins us from Illumina, where he served as Chief Financial Officer for 5-plus years. As many of you know, he brings a depth of health care experience that will help us in many ways. Prior to Illumina, Sam held several financial and operational leadership roles at Cardinal Health and Eli Lilly and Company. Sam, welcome to Quest Diagnostics.
Jim Davis: Yes, Steve, what I would add is, look, we're in close touch with the payers. And the payers have indicated to us and you saw UnitedHealthcare's announcement earlier this week, that they saw softer utilization of health care services as well. In addition to that, we track a group of Quest accounts that we know are 100% loyal to us. We call it our same-store sales analysis. And we noticed in the quarter that it was basically flat, those accounts that are 100% loyal. So, the other thing we look at is just the mix business. And we noticed our general health and wellness panels grew at a lower rate than some of our infectious disease, non-COVID infectious disease and chronic care types of testing that we do. So we -- based on all that information, we come to the conclusion that the base was certainly softer this quarter.
Jim Davis: Yes. So A.J., as we've talked in the past, there's still certainly a lot of opportunity around automation of manual processes in the laboratory. I touched on in my comments around some of the automated check-in procedures. So we've long had appointment scheduling. What we've added recently is when a patient walks into the PSC without an appointment, you actually go to the check in and you -- and if the wait room is full, you schedule an appointment at that point. And what we've seen is it really does help productivity in the PSC, as well as if the patient leaves, they may not come back to Quest. If they make an appointment to come back in 2 hours or the next day, we feel like the patient retention is better. But automation, the use of artificial intelligence in terms of readouts of manual curves and laboratories, all of that work continues. And then I'd tell you, the other thing that will help continue to drive productivity is our work around retention of our employees. So our productivity, like all companies, we're seeing a much higher increase in turnover. We feel like it is stabilized, albeit at a higher point. So as we now drive retention higher and turnover lower that will certainly help our productivity efforts in the back half of the year.
Jim Davis: No, it hasn't changed at all, Jack. We said 3% to 4% for the year. We're still within that guidance. We've already provided the merit increase for the year. We do that annually in the April time frame. So it's already in the Q2 numbers for sure.
Jim Davis: Ricky, the last thing I'd say is we're not immune to hospital. The inpatient work -- remember, we get $1 billion a year in reference work. We have another $0.5 billion in PLS. So when inpatient and outpatient procedures are down, that certainly does affect our business on the health system, hospital side. On the physician office side, again, we closely look at a set of accounts spread across the country that we know are 100% loyal to Quest and we measure that we call it same-store sales. Again, our general health and wellness panels from a mix standpoint, were certainly lower than some of our chronic disease panels in the quarter. And then the last thing, geographic mix. We've talked and it hasn't changed dramatically that our book of business in New York City is down still low to mid-double digits. On the other hand, we see incredibly strong growth in the southern part of the country, in the southeast portion as well as the southwest and parts of the West. So if there's been a population migration out of New York City into the southeast, then we're certainly seeing some of that in our business.
Jim Davis: Yes. So in terms of 2023, as Mark said, there's a lot of moving parts at this point. We're committed to investments in advanced diagnostics. We're committed to investments in our consumer direct consumer initiated testing business. Obviously, we can modulate those things if we see inflation getting worse. But at this point, we can't give you any further guidance than what we've given you around those. We're committed to advanced diagnostics, we're committed to our clinical -- our consumer direct -- consumer-initiated testing business. In terms...
Jim Davis: Yes. You asked about PAMA. And we've said that it's in our 2023 guidance outlook that we provided at this point and we've said it's about a $90 million headwind.
Jim Davis: And just to clarify, the target that we outlined at the Investor Day for the direct-to-consumer business was $250 million by 2025.
Jim Davis: Yes. So at this point, it's hard to anticipate what the market opportunity has been or will be. I can tell you, our testing volumes at this point are modest. If we've done 500, 600 tests that would be on the high side. However, it is growing. And we do see growth. We've only had the test up and running for 2 weeks. And over that 2-week period, it's grown day by day. Right now, we're not yet approved for New York state. We expect that to happen within the next week or 2. I'm sure you're reading that, that is where the major outbreak is in New York City. So we would expect to participate in that market. But most of our volume at this point is coming actually off of the West Coast. And so we'll keep you updated on what we're seeing.
Mark Guinan: Thanks, Steve. Quest is a special place and it has been an honor to serve as CFO for the last 9 years. Thanks to the analysts and investors on this call. I have enjoyed working with all of you. My family and I are excited for what lies ahead.
Mark Guinan: Thanks, A.J., for the questions. Let me start with COVID. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, when you look at our COVID business, the good news was a lot more volume, a lot more revenue, a lot more dollars of operating margin. However, with that also goes less pooling, a larger mix shift towards the retail outlets which have higher expenses. And then we have had some slight erosion versus last year on average reimbursement a couple of dollars, not anything super significant. So the margin percentage was less but still, its contribution to the bottom line from COVID was much higher. As we look into the back half at this point, we don't know where the positivity rates are going to go but we've not assumed a material change in the amount of pooling. We would expect to continue with the current mix or potentially grow that as a proportion of our total COVID volumes. So within the ranges, that's kind of how we're seeing the balance of the year play out on COVID. So if the positivity rate drops down and the positive rate, I'm looking at Jim here, has been as high as we've seen through the pandemic, now a lot more people are doing rapid antigen testing and so on, we believe that the cases are underreported. But we believe that the prevalence of COVID right now is extremely high. And so in the earlier answer that we provided to Brian around the base business, there has been a historical negative correlation between those. And we do believe that the base business has absolutely been impacted by the surge in COVID. We just aren't sure how long it will last. On the base business, we've shared that as we built our plan and the ranges for 2022, we built in a higher SWB, salary work benefits assumption that was in our guidance. And certainly, that's something we control and that's really within expectations. We have a couple of billion dollars that we have long-term contracts. And so really not exposed to inflation in a short window for that. But then we have some other costs where we don't have long-term contracts and there are things that everybody is familiar with and you've heard from other companies as well, things like fuel, things like housekeeping, security, temporary labor. And so those areas have been a little more inflationary than we would have anticipated going into the year. The good news is those are in our results year-to-date during our guidance. We're not expecting that to go away immediately. We certainly hope it's not long-term inflation unlike where if you have wage inflation, you generally expect will continue. If you add contractual inflation with your key suppliers around reagents and other things that might be longer term as well or certainly a couple of years. We don't know how long this spike is going to last. But I can tell you, it's probably like $0.05 to $0.08 a quarter in the first half and we're not expecting that to change. We hope it might but in the guidance that we provided. So hopefully, that's helpful, A.J.
Mark Guinan: And I just want to add one thing about peace in the back half. Steve talked about the potential for the PHE to not be extended which at this point, we're not assuming it does extend. But I want to remind people that the price drop is not a full margin drop because when we get to beyond the PHE, first off, there's not absolute certainty but most people would expect the positivity rate will be significantly lower. We can pool a lot more. So we can get some margin offset there dollar-wise. And then, the second one is that the retail relationships that we have will change in the structure. We know how that's going to work. And basically, the significant costs we're incurring right now to get that volume for the retail outlets will go away because it's only permitted under the PHE. It's complicated but it will go away. So while the value per requisition will drop to whatever price we end up with and people have talked about the CMS rate that was originally published and certainly, that's potential, over time, that's not all a margin hit because there's some other costs that go away. So we still will make a decent percentage margin, certainly fewer dollars per patient encounter. But I just want to make sure people are clear that COVID profitability doesn't fall completely off the cliff when the PHE goes away.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So Jack, as you know, we don't provide specific margins on subsegments of our business. But what I can give you directionally is I referred to half of our volume coming from retail channels or nontraditional channels and we talked about dollar-wise, what the incremental cost per counter is there. A year ago, in the second quarter, it was about 1/3 of our volume. So you can see that's pretty significant. In the second quarter last year, we did quite a bit of pooling and that's varied in the interim quarters between that and now but there was quite a bit of pooling last year because the positivity rate had fallen -- very well. I think many of us by June of last year were thinking this might have been behind us before Delta hit us. And this quarter, we expected in our plans to do quite a bit of pooling but in reality, it was not a large amount. So that should give you a little bit of idea. The other thing I did mention a couple of dollars erosion on the average reimbursement. So I think you got all the pieces, not going to provide a specific number but that should help you understand. But I think the key thing is that the dollars we earned off COVID was much better than our plans. And that's -- and we expect it to continue and that's why we're rising guidance. So while the percentage was worse, the dollar bottom line was better.
Mark Guinan: Yes. As Jim referenced, the vast majority of our increase has already taken place. Certainly, like all other companies, we have some off-cycle adjustments based on promotions and other things. But most of the "inflationary headwinds" in SWB were incurred in the second quarter. So if you look sequentially, that's one of the drivers of margin reduction first quarter to second quarter. That's been a historical event as well. That's not new. But we don't anticipate going forward to see significant inflation beyond kind of the run rate we were on in Q2.
Mark Guinan: Yes. So Patrick, appreciate the question. We know where people's heads are at right now around the business and that's where ours are as well. So I can assure you we're spending a lot of time on that. We've spent a lot of time on that. There's a number of things that we generally control. And then there are some things that are a little bit less in our control. So we do our best to forecast those things. We put together ranges. And then we -- I think and believe we're very transparent with you about how those things play out. So you get a sense of, okay, well, what really is going on in the business? And because of that, I believe that, generally, we've not surprised people. And we've given you delivered on your expectations. We've given you timely updates. We've given you interim information. And based on my time with Sam and I think the team here, I would expect that to continue. So you would expect that with my departure that we're not going to change the way we talk to, the way we share, give all those updates. I think everybody appreciates what a great job Shawn does and know they can call them any time, any place and get him and he'll be as transparent as possible. So really, I think what it comes down to is, I believe we're focused on the right things. And also, I believe we do our best job of being as transparent as possible around all those key drivers.
Mark Guinan: And so what I will add is that we really moved the needle on commercial. Over the last couple of years, we've talked about more pricing pressure in the client bill which is, as Steve referenced the hospital and then in some cases, where we contract directly with physicians. But instead of being a headwind on price, I will tell you that starting next year and going forward, I would expect that -- to be at least neutral, if not a tailwind. So we've moved it from a major headwind to be at least neutral and more likely positive. So wanted to dimensionalize a little more why you're hearing the positive comments for us. And it's in really recognition of what Steve said which is our strategic value to them. We're not a commoditized provider of a laboratory result. There's so much more to how we're helping them and then these value-based contracts that we referenced were based on performance, we can earn a better payment for ourselves. And so because of that, we really, really moved the environment and the relationships with the commercial payers.
Mark Guinan: Well, thanks for all the questions, Pito. I'll start with 2023. We've not locked down our plan. And if we did, we generally don't give specific guidance until our fourth quarter earnings call. And I'll leave it to the management team. I'll be leaving exactly when they decide to do that but we're not going to comment any specifics around 2023. In terms of the amount of the increases, again, I'm not going to dimensionalize. We don't have a planned lockdown. But we have enough contracts that are already set for next year and enough progress on some that are either, as we referenced like Florida Blue or some others that are getting close to being locked down for renewal that I have confidence to say what I said which is, this is not going to be a next year for us on a price perspective...
Mark Guinan: And yes, so I was going to continue that what you're hearing from us is what's happening now, Pito. And the $0.05 to $0.08 is more inflation than we would have anticipated. However, other things have changed as well. Most notably, we did a lot more COVID. So we delivered a lot more earnings. So just like we don't expect the high level of COVID and we could be wrong to expect and continue into 2023. Also, we'd be really disappointed if the inflation we're seeing in the noncontracted areas were to carry to 2023. But even if it does, we've got multiple pieces that are moving, including a better pricing environment in the commercial book. So in no way, shape or form, are we saying that when you put all these together, that, that $8.50 or in that range is not something we're still confident in.
Mark Guinan: If I can just start quickly and then I'll pass it on to Jim. So Ricky, our source is not just seeing their medical loss ratios. But I'd point to two things in addition to what Jim talked about earlier which is our same-store sales as we call it. So one is we actually get data from the payers, okay, in total. So we know how many patient encounters they had for laboratory work. We know what our volume was and we can see that. The good news is we continue to gain share in those commercial books. However, we continue to see their total volume has been down, certainly in the second quarter. So it's payer data that's being provided by them to us that is the confidence to say, utilization has dipped in our space. The other one is I'd point to the  data which is based on billings of other independent labs. And if you look at that, that certainly suggests that utilization is down. So while you may be hearing its emergency room and inpatient, the data that we have and the best data we have also suggests that the market in which we operate is also depressed in the second quarter.
Mark Guinan: So the only thing I would add is that, to Steve's point, when you ask our investments ramping down, I think there's two ways to think of investments. One is what's the P&L net impact and what is the level of spend. So we, at Investor Day, talked about growing our direct consumer business to $0.5 billion by 2025. That is still our intention. So as you can imagine, over the next several years, including 2023, we're expecting significant revenue growth. And in order to drive that revenue growth, we believe we need to spend more. However, the good news is that a lot of 2020 and 2021 was pre-revenue, pre-contribution margin. And as we go ahead, we would expect the net impact to actually be less and to be less of a headwind. So really, we're going to be investing less on the bottom line but spending more money to drive that accelerated growth. And then obviously, when we get to the scale and size that we're aspiring to, then we expect a healthy margin on that business.
Mark Guinan: Sure. So let me take part of it, then I'm sure either Steve or Jim will jump in. So first of all, inflation really hasn't impacted the level of investment in a material way. And we're on track to spend about what we told you previously. As I referenced a minute ago, we haven't put our final plans together. But at this point, I would expect we're going to spend more next year. And we're going to spend more in marketing but we're going to spend a lot less and not much at all in the IT platform creation. So it's really going to be tied a very high variable cost and highly tied to revenue growth and we'll monitor, as Jim says and I'm sure Sam and Jim will be all over is to make sure we're making the progress and to make sure we don't get the spending ahead of ourselves. But if we do what we expect to do and we need to do to get to $0.5 billion by 2025, the spending will continue to go up. The only other dimension I want to mention here is because when we talk about investments in the base business, there's a little nuance here. Advanced diagnostics absolutely is the base business. But really this consumer business is new. So while a lot of the work we do is similar to what we've done historically in our base business, it's really a new business category or opportunity. And some of it may cannibalize what would have otherwise come through our traditional channels. But we do believe that a lot of it is actually incremental to the overall amount of volume that we perform. Jim or Steve, you want to...
Mark Guinan: Sure. So we're going to continue with what we've done. And what that is, is that between the dividend and we've already gotten there this year with the share repurchases to deliver a majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders. And with the $1.7 billion guidance and $400 million of capital, says at least $650 million between the dividend share repurchases and we already covered that. As we've also shared, we rather do M&A than share repurchases because we have some very rigorous financial parameters around the deals that we do. And so it's really going to be situational quarter-by-quarter. It may be different. Jim referenced that we have a deep pipeline and actually also commented that we have some negotiations that are well advanced. So I think we'd all be very disappointed if we didn't execute some deals before the end of the year. Don't know the exact timing of those. But certainly, as I said, I'd rather spend more on M&A and I know Steve would and you'll hear from Sam and Jim as they take over the reins, their view but I wouldn't expect it to materially change. So really no change to what we've done in the past. And at this point, no specific plans for cash deployment because we're really -- it's really dependent on that progression of the M&A.
