Kathleen Valentine: Thank you, and good morning. I am here with Surya Mohapatra, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Hagemann, our Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we make forward-looking statements with respect to both Quest Diagnostics and Celera Corporation. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include, but are not limited to, those described in Quest Diagnostics' 2010 annual report on Form 10-K and current reports on Form 8-K. In connection with Quest Diagnostics' tender offer for the common stock of Celera Corporation, Quest Diagnostics and its subsidiary have filed with the SEC a tender offer statement on a schedule TO, including the offer to purchase and related documents. Celera has filed with the SEC a tender offer solicitation recommendation statement on a schedule 14b-9. You are strongly advised to read these documents carefully because they will contain important information. Those materials and all other documents filed by Quest Diagnostics and Celera with the SEC will be available at no charge on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.   A copy of our earnings press release is available and a text of our prepared remarks will be available in the Investor Relations Quarterly Update section of our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now, here is Surya Mohapatra.
Kathleen Valentine: And Ricky, the impact is laid out in footnote 3 in the press release. You can see some details there.
Kathleen Valentine: Oh, the 4-gene. Okay, yes. It's still in development, Shelley. And while it's in development, we don't have anything to comment on yet. But we're pleased with the progress that it's making. And then when we get to a stage where we have something to disclose, we certainly will do so.
Kathleen Valentine: And on the ePre, Bob, we saw -- we now saw physicians order prescriptions and medications through our ePre capability at the rate of about $24 million, annualized. And on the EHR, which as you know, we rolled out last year and it became ECHIT certified in December of 2010, we now have over 2,000 physicians enrolled.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, Tom. I would point out, as I said in the prepared remarks, that we did get the benefit of about 1% simply because of the timing or the number of business days that we had in the quarter. So you need to factor that in as you're thinking about the year-over-year growth for the remainder of the year.
Robert Hagemann: Again, Tom, what we indicated was the impact of weather this year was 1.4% to revenues. Last year, we had severe weather as well. It was 1.1% impact. So really, we only had, on a year-over-year comparison, a drag of about 0.3% due to the weather.
Robert Hagemann: And as we've indicated, Athena certainly does carry higher margins. It's a relatively small business compared to our total business. We're adding, this year, about less than $100 million in revenues at very high margins. So it's a positive impact certainly, but it's not going to be significant in the year simply because of the size of the business relative to the total company.
Robert Hagemann: It's a refinement of our thinking. I would tell you, though, between 17.5% and 18%, it's still approximately 18%, is the way we're thinking about it. We've just got a little better visibility coming out of the quarter now.
Robert Hagemann: Ricky, I'm not trying to give you any specific guidance for any one particular quarter since we don't do that. But as we've stated now for a while, you should expect the comparisons in the latter part of the year to be more favorable than in the first part of the year. Some of that's reflected, certainly, in the operating income. It's lower in the first quarter. We expected that. There's a number of things which are impacting the year-over-year comparisons besides just the changes in contract pricing, which were negotiated last year. But there are some things on the cost side, which we expect will have bigger benefits in the back half of the year. Some of the actions that we took in Q4 and again in Q1, will start to show up in the latter part of the year.
Robert Hagemann: No, Ricky. I think while there's certainly some pressure on commodity pricing, that's not significant. Most of our supply contracts have fixed pricing for extended periods of time. And we're not seeing a lot of pressure there. We are seeing some pressure, certainly, on fuel costs, but that's a small piece of our total costs, less than 1%. And that's not having a significant impact. It's really, as I indicated earlier, the fact that some of the actions that we've taken, we expect to show up in the latter part of the year.
Robert Hagemann: It was about 1.4%. That's laid out, again, in the earnings release. Last year, the impact of weather was about 1.1%. So again, the year-over-year impact is an unfavorable, roughly, 0.3%.
Robert Hagemann: Absolutely, and we've said that historically. When we lose volume as a result of weather, in those situations we're really not adjusting our cost structure. Folks are still coming in to perform whatever work is there. And in many cases, we actually even pay overtime to get folks out, so that they can pick up specimens, get them into the laboratory et cetera. And what you see in terms of the incremental operating income relative to that incremental revenue is very consistent with the way we've historically calculated it.
Robert Hagemann: Again, when you lose volume as a result of weather, there's very little ability to impact your cost structure for other than the purely variable costs. And as I said, in some cases, you're actually adding some costs to procure that work and get it into the lab because of the challenges associated with logistics and the like. So the incrementals on volume loss to weather are much higher than you'd expect on any sort of incremental work that we get elsewhere.
Robert Hagemann: Other than to say it's significant, no. But you should expect that on incremental volume, we do see strong drop-downs because, again, depending upon where it's coming from, in some cases we have, obviously, the cost of testing, that's incremental, but then you have the additional logistics costs, the additional processing costs, et cetera. But historically, if you go back and you look at our business and you look at the incremental margins associated with top line growth -- go back, I don't know, in the last 4 or 5 years when we were realizing low- to mid-single-digit revenue growth, we were expanding margins in the range of 0.5 to 75 basis points.
Robert Hagemann: Bill, yes, I think it's very difficult to quantify any potential impact as a result of healthcare reform and the fact that folks aren't obligated to pay copays and deductibles for certain preventive care. With that said, I think over time that should be a net positive to us. But at this point, it's very hard to attribute anything to that. I'm not sure necessarily that, that's driving physician office visits which, at the end of the day, probably is the biggest driver of our volumes. The data that's out there says physician office visits were down versus the prior year. Not as much as we were seeing last year, but they were down about 3% based upon the IMS data, at least through the first two months of the year. And as we look at the volume, I would tell you that there's no specific area I can point to other than I did indicate that the Drugs of Abuse Testing business has started to grow again. But that's having a modest impact on our overall volume growth. And really, what you see when you take out the impact of weather and you take out the impact of the number of the revenue days, it is kind of a steady improvement from what we've seen, and it's a steady improvement that's been going on now for about five quarters or so.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, I'm reluctant to provide any information on a specific month because one month does not make a trend, and we typically stay away from providing any information on an individual month.
Robert Hagemann: Well, the bad debt is pretty consistent with what we saw last year at this time. And the first quarter typically has higher bad debt than in any other quarter, simply because of the fact that there's more billings directly to patients for deductibles and copays.
Robert Hagemann: Ralph, as we've indicated, we've been investing in sales and service, which, ultimately, we believe are going to accelerate revenue and earnings growth. We've expanded the sales force. We're improving service levels. Some of the service levels show up in cost of sales. Some of it shows up in SG&A. But those are things that we expect are going to have positive impacts to us as we move forward.
Robert Hagemann: Most of it is the case where it's just playing itself through. Although, I will tell you that we did make some incremental investments in the quarter in new test development and the like, much of that's showing up in cost of sales now.
Robert Hagemann: Yes. We certainly expect that the year-over-year revenue per rec comparisons will improve in the latter part of the year. The anniversary of the pricing changes made in connection with contract changes last year really start to anniversary in the second half.
Robert Hagemann: Amanda, I did give you some indication as to how revenue per rec performed this quarter versus the last quarter. But generally, we don't give guidance for revenue per rec, and certainly not how it's going to perform quarter-over-quarter.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, we've actually never provided specific margins on that, but what we've indicated is it's much lower-priced business. And as a result, carries significantly lower margins than the Esoteric business.
Robert Hagemann: It's generally in the range of about 3% of revenues or so. A much bigger percentage of the volume given the fact that it's much, much lower-priced business.
Robert Hagemann: It's in the range of 6% to 7%. It's about double the revenue impact because the pricing is about half.
Robert Hagemann: ... in the quarter. And on a year-over-year basis, it's contributing about 0.5% to volume growth, which is pretty consistent with the contribution that it's made over the last three quarters or so. So when you're looking at the sequential volume growth, it's not having a significant impact.
Robert Hagemann: Well, it's a long, complicated answer. But if you're looking at the next rec that came in the door, you'd see a very, very high incremental margin on that. But generally, that's not the way it works. It's a function of where the business is coming from, what territories, what concentration of business we already have there, what the mix of business is, whether it's coming from a new account or an existing account, whether or not it's coming from additional tests ordered on a requisition or it's a new requisition. So all those things impact it. But certainly, we would expect that incremental volumes would have strong incremental margins associated.
Robert Hagemann: Bill, I don't have this off the top of my head, but generally, the quarters are pretty comparable. They vary anywhere typically between being flat and maybe 0.5% or so in any one quarter. But I think for the most part, the rest of the quarters are pretty comparable.
Robert Hagemann: Yes. Bill, there's a few things at play there. Obviously, as we get into the back half of the year, the price changes in connection with the contract extensions, which were done last year, start to anniversary. So that has an impact. Additionally, some of the cost actions that we've taken in both Q4 and in Q1 start to give us benefit at that point. And in addition, in this first quarter, we had a number of cost increases versus the prior year, principally related to salaries, wages and benefits, which will not have the same year-over-year impact in the latter quarters.
Robert Hagemann: And Bill, I'm probably not going to completely satisfy you with this answer. But it's really a combination of three things. It's the price changes anniversary-ing as we get into the back half of the year. It's also the investments that we've made in sales and service starting to anniversary as we get into the back half of the year. And it's the impact of the actions we've taken to reduce costs, which will start to show up in the latter part of the year.
Robert Hagemann: Well, it certainly does matter what happens to the rates. We get more than 3% or 4% of our revenues from what I characterize as stacked codes. I mean, when you look at what CMS is trying to accomplish, it's really the increase the visibility around what's being billed for. And for those that are billing for more mutations than are necessary or are clinically appropriate to achieve an accurate diagnosis, those are the ones that are most likely to see reimbursement reductions when rates are set. We feel pretty comfortable that what we're billing for is medically appropriate and necessary to achieve an accurate diagnosis. And as such, we're not expecting there to be a significant impact.
Robert Hagemann: Well, Medicare is about 15% to 17% of our total revenues. I'm not expecting that we're going to see a significant impact to our Medicare revenues as a result of anything that comes out of this.
Robert Hagemann: Well, Gary, it does have some impact, but generally what we've seen is it's less impacted by the weather than the other business.
Robert Hagemann: Generally, I think what happens is if somebody needs to be tested for pre-employment drug screening, that work gets done, whereas with some of the other work that we get from physician offices, it's lost for good.
Robert Hagemann: There's really no update on that. As we indicated, we don't expect it to have a material impact to EPS this year, excluding charges associated with the deal.
Robert Hagemann: As we indicated, when we signed the Celera transaction, we expect it to be dilutive this year by an immaterial amount. And until the transaction closes, we don't really have any further update.
Robert Hagemann: Yes. Without trying to provide any color, certainly we considered all of the assets of Celera when we valued the company. As did Celera and their advisers. Let me take a question off the table relative to this, and that is there's been a lot of question as to whether or not we're going to amend our $8 per share offer for Celera. The answer to that is no. Surya has clearly stated in the past that this is our best and final offer. We think that it's one that fully values all of the assets. As Celera has disclosed, they engaged in a very lengthy process before accepting our offer, looked at a lot of alternatives to maximize value for shareholders, and viewed our $8 per share offer as the best alternative and in their shareholders' best interest. I know that you may have seen that there are some Celera shareholders who had been vocal in their views about the $8 per share offer not fully valuing the company. But I would point out that Celera's advisers considered the potential value of all of Celera's assets in their valuation work. The offer that they got from us was the best one they received after a lengthy process. And there haven't been any superior offers that have emerged in the three weeks since the announcement. And frankly, if the transaction is not consummated, the Celera shareholders run the risk that ultimately they can realize significantly less for their investment than we're offering. If this merger doesn't go through, Celera operating as an independent public company is going to be facing a number of continued challenges. First, it's operating at a loss, and so long-term outlook for the performance of the business has significantly deteriorated. They've got the challenges of serving as an out-of-network provider. And they've indicated their operations were subscale. And while these are big challenges for Celera as a stand-alone company, as part of Quest Diagnostics they're all readily addressed. So we're excited about the transaction, and we're hoping that the Celera shareholders will conclude, just as Celera's directors unanimously did, that the transaction's in their best interest and offers them the best opportunity to maximize value.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, and it's a good question. Essentially what we do is we look at the volumes that come through the door every day compared to what we typically see on that day of the year. We also look at what we believe is normal weather. Because frankly, in our budgeting and the way that we develop guidance, we always assume that there's going to be some storms in the winter. And what we saw last year and this year was significantly in excess of what we'd expect in a typical year. In fact, this year was about 3x what we'd expect in a typical year in terms of lost volume due to the storms. But when we quantify it, we try to play it right down the middle and give you our best estimate as to what we think the impact of weather is, net of any potential rebound that might come in the few days following the storms.
Robert Hagemann: I'll give you a little color around the other businesses and then Kathleen can comment on the ePrescribing for you. But in those other businesses, as we've indicated, we've got our Risk Assessment business, our Point-of-Care Testing business, we have a Clinical Trials Testing business. The Clinical Trials business and the Point-of-Care Testing business has showed nice growth in the quarter, but essentially, all of those businesses grew in the quarter and contributed.
Robert Hagemann: Yes. We have some of that actually coming due later this year and some coming due next year. As you can see on the balance sheet, there's a little over $600 million or so that's due within the next 12 months. One of the notes is coming due later this year, and we'll be paying that down.
Robert Hagemann: Correct. As we indicated when we levered up or when we actually announced the share buyback and the two acquisitions, that for the remainder of this year, a significant portion of the cash flow is going to go towards delevering, although we have not ruled out any other potential acquisitions.
Robert Hagemann: Well, Brendan, as Surya pointed out, we used Six Sigma to drive a lot of the cost actions that we're taking because as we take them, at the same time, we want to make sure that we're not adversely impacting service levels. And while we're adding on the sales side, on the admin side, I would tell you that I think there's still further opportunity to reduce costs there. We've done things like shared services. There's more opportunities to do that. Six Sigma is terrific not only in the laboratory in terms of streamlining processes, but in a lot of the administrative functions as well. And we've looked to outsource some of those things, we've looked to centralize them, put them in shared services, and we're continuing some of those activities.
Robert Hagemann: Kemp, when I talk about investments to improve service levels, it's principally adding phlebotomists and PSCs and customer service folks. The phlebotomists and PSCs are to address turnaround times, improve customer service in those areas, and obviously the customer service people are aimed towards doing the same thing. But we've added a significant number of phlebotomists over the course of the last 12 months or so.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, I would say we are, at this point. I mean it's something that we're always evaluating, but the vast majority of that expansion should be behind us at this point.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, we do pick up weekends, and it's interesting. It's a subtle thing. But what drove it this year is the fact that the New Year's holiday was actually celebrated by most people on the 31st as to the 1st, like it was in the prior year. So that impacted the way we think about the number of business days in the quarter.
Robert Hagemann: And Gary, as Surya indicated, at the end of last year, and I think emphasized again in his script this time, that the sales force expansion is substantially complete at this point.
Robert Hagemann: Well, certainly, some of the one-time costs that we mentioned are showing up in there this quarter. A little over $4 million of the restructuring cost is showing up in there. A little over $2 million of deal cost is showing up in there this quarter. So those are certainly things to consider.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, I'm not going to provide specific guidance around the SG&A percentage by quarter. But again, I would emphasize that a number of the investments that we've been making in sales and service are going to start to anniversary as we get into the latter part of the year. And then some of the increases that we saw in salaries, wages and benefits in this quarter versus the prior year, will be less substantial as the year progresses as well.
Robert Hagemann: Yes, well, certainly the investments that I talked about in service, specifically the phlebotomists and the patient service centers, show up in that cost of sales number. The way you should think about cost of sales is it captures all of the costs associated with obtaining the specimen, transporting it to the laboratory, performing the testing and resulting out the work.
Robert Hagemann: Any business that is growing is going to be additive to the margins, historically. Right? The point is that, that business carries much lower margins than the rest of the business. So if you're seeing growth there, for example, and we're still seeing the AP business decline, that's not enough to offset it.
Surya Mohapatra: Yes. I did mention that. The Anatomic Pathology business is a key business for cancer diagnostics. We saw last year it was impacted through the physician insourcing, which is still continuing. However, the rate of insourcing has moderated over the last few months.
Surya Mohapatra: Amanda, first of all, it is early. But let me give you some rationale behind what we have been doing. We saw, last year, the number of patients that's going to the doctor's office have reduced. And you know 80% of our business comes from physicians' office visits. And I mentioned last year first quarter, that we've continued to upgrade our sales force, and also we are building specialty sales force. Now, getting sales force means providing new tools, providing new training, trying to bring people to a particular knowledge level. But also, we have now have specialty sales force to be very close to our customers. We have a sales force for Physician business, we have a sales force for Hospital, sales force for cancer. And as I mentioned, through Athena and Celera we'll have specialty sales force for neurological disorders and cardiovascular disease. The reason for doing all these things is because we have invested money in esoteric, gene-based and anatomic pathology to build our competitive differences in cancer diagnostics, cardiovascular disease, infectious disease and neurological disorders. And these four platforms with specialty sales force is going to be the growth engine for us in the future. So I think the major part of our sales force reorganizing is complete, and now we are executing the strategy. However, as I mentioned, that we see steady improvements in our volume, but it is early to say how much exactly we are getting from the sales force. But as we continue, our belief is that the sales force are going to create the differences and then be reason for our growth.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, nothing more than what we said before. And obviously, Athena, 70% of their revenue is patent protected. They have a lot of tests, not only for neurological disorders, but some of the tests like SMA and MODY, that's going to be useful for the broader customer base. And we are going through our [indiscernible] plan how to really bring some of those tests to the primary care physicians.
Surya Mohapatra: Bill, good question. First of all, we are very fortunate that we have a very strong leadership development and succession planning in the company. I share with the board almost every quarter in a private session about people development. As you know, over the years, we have not only added a lot of gene-based, esoteric testing and anatomic pathology, but also we have acquired a number of key people from various companies. So while I work at mostly at the pleasure of the board, I'm very excited about what we are building, and I have no plans to do anything else, but it's up to the board. But I'm very satisfied with the people we have and the succession planning we have in our board discussions.
Surya Mohapatra: I think as I mentioned, Gary, that we are getting closer to the customers. And I know there's a concern in the beginning whether we are investing money in sales is going to pay off or not. But I am very pleased with the way we are driving different customer and business, whether it is Anatomic Pathology or whether the Hospital business or the gene-based business. And now with Athena and Celera, we will increase our customer call points which we never used to call, like the neurologist or endocrinologist and even the cardiac specialist. So again, in the investment, we continue to execute our strategy, and as we move from just a lab company to a diagnostics company, now four different specialty offerings, again I think that will be our growth as we go forward.
Surya Mohapatra: Right. And this is why we have to be very careful actually that we reduce our costs but don't affect our front-line employees and also don't affect the customer experience. Having said that, we learn every year through Six Sigma and Lean Six Sigma how to really improve. And we use our size and skills to go after supplies. So I still believe there is room for our margin expansion. And we have not given up our 20% operating income margin as a long-term goal.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, we have been anticipating changes in healthcare reform, and how our company is going to grow both top line and bottom line in the coming years. So over the last four or five years, we've stated our strategies that we're going to invest money in esoteric, gene-based testing and anatomic pathology, and that's what we have done over the last three or four years. And then last year or 18 months ago, we stated also that we're going to build up specialty sales force because we think our future is in science and innovation. Our future is beginning in proprietary products to solve the unmet needs of the four disease area, which is the growth areas: cancer, infectious disease and cardiovascular disease and neurological disorders. So what you are really seeing is, to some extent, how we are transforming our company just from a lab company to a diagnostics company, now we're getting into the science and innovation. And we believe for our shareholders and for our patients, this is the best strategy, and we are just executing our strategy, what we said three or four years ago.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, again just before I answer that -- although I don't want to use this word, but in every industry there is a time and there is a place where it goes to an inflection point. And we've been working very diligently over the last two or three years to put the pieces. And now with Athena and Celera I feel that we have completed a long-term strategy for getting into the disease stage, and getting into the next phase of what we call the esoteric and gene-based testing, which is basically having a pipeline of discovery, which is really going to fuel our further growth. So we are -- as Bob said, that in our $8 per share offer is the best and final. And I hope and I believe that the Celera shareholders, we believe that is the compelling reason to accept our tender. And as soon as we close, we are in the process of integrating. And hopefully, by the end of this year, we will be able to help some of the issues Celera had through BHL, because some of the operational things is very -- not new to us, and we have done that, so I'm looking forward to that next year is going to be a very different year because Athena is there and Celera is there and also our science and innovation. I'm very, very excited about the assets and capabilities we have acquired. And we want to get back to our growth on top line and bottom line.
Surya Mohapatra: We are expecting some of the biomarkers that's in the pipeline is going to help us, not only in Esoteric business but also in Clinical Trials.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, as we said, that any acquisition for us has to fit in strategically and has to make economic sense. And now you folks can realize why we waited to do the things that was really in line with our strategy to get into new platforms. Athena was a new platform for neurological disorders. Celera is a new platform for cardiovascular disease, but more importantly in discovery and development. And we will continue to invest money in these type of acquisitions as we go forward. Now, as regards to other fold-in acquisitions, that is a routine task for us and if it is available at appropriate value, we'll always look into fold-in acquisitions for lab. But our focus remains to build up Quest Diagnostics as the most innovative company by investing in science and innovation.
Surya Mohapatra: No. Again, the whole part behind Six Sigma and Lean Six Sigma is continuous improvement. And as we become bigger and bigger, we look for the areas where we can really become more efficient, whether it's through automation or whether it is through the workforce training. And as I indicated, that we have not given up on our long-term goal in the margin expansion. So I feel very comfortable that we have the tools and we have the management to look at and we continuously look at how to really improve our margin.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, again, we're adding sales force when we have Athena and Celera. But what you ought to really look at is, we want to increase our operating income. We want to really reallocate some resources, so some resources might go from various parts where there's operations or G&A to sales and marketing. But we have to do what is really required for us to increase our market position in the marketplace.
Surya Mohapatra: Okay. Well, first for all, most of the cost cutting or cost reduction, we consider that as continuous improvement. Some savings goes towards investing in the company, some savings goes towards the bottom line. So there are some reactionary stuff we had to do when we lost or there is a change in volume. But most of our expense reduction is proactive, and it is a part of the way we run our operations.
Surya Mohapatra: Well, first of all, the M&A strategy, in the stated strategy. We told three or four years ago that we're going to diversify more and more towards esoteric and gene-based and anatomic pathology, and that's what we have been doing. And as you know, 36% of our total revenue now is in this high-margin and high-growth areas. Now, of course, there are some market dynamics with the changes, like in anatomic pathology, we are going through a tough time in physician insourcing. Of course, we are working with a trade association for legislative changes in that. So the way we look at it is, to some extent, Quest Diagnostics is going towards creating a new Quest Diagnostics where we are really looking at the four disease areas. And these platforms are the reason why we could say we can serve the cancer patients effectively, cardiac patients effectively , neurological patients effectively, and infectious disease. Now that gives us the competitive advantage compared to other companies in the United States and our competitors. So although it is not reflected in this year and we don't give long-term guidance, but we are very, very excited about the long-term future of the company and our role as the industry leader, what we can do for our patients and what we can do for our shareholders
Bill Bonello: Okay. And then at the risk of beating a dead horse but maybe coming at it a different way on this margin question, I just want to understand the guidance maybe a little bit better. Doing sort of simple, back-of-the-envelope math, the guidance seems to imply that operating income is going to be up anywhere from 2% to 5% over the rest of the year, the next three quarters. But on an apples-to-apples basis, operating income was down 10% in Q1 despite the favorable business day comparison. You don't seem to be suggesting that you really expect much in terms of a big uptick in volume. So just trying to understand sort of how we go from a 10% apples-to-apples decline to sort of a 2% to 5% growth in the rest of the year.
Bill Bonello: So on that, if I can just parse that out little bit, I guess I'm what I'm trying to have an understanding is sort of how much of the drag is really just a factor of the pricing and once that comps, most of this decline is made up for, and how much of it is the incremental investment and we've got to hope that you can get some revenue boost to offset that? Not an exact number, but just to give us some comfort.
Bill Bonello: Yes, that's a good thing. I sort of missed that part. Okay. And then just a separate question. I know in the past we've asked this about the molecular diagnostics coding initiative. And it seems like, in general, you haven't been particularly concerned about it. I think we asked specifically for Athena and Celera. But just, is there any kind of quantification or further color you can give us on why we don't need to be worried about that? I mean, is it -- in other words, is it that you look at it, and you say, "Gosh, we're just not worried that molecular diagnostic rates are going to come down when they get CPT codes," or is it more, "Look, we only get sort of 3%, 4% of our revenue from stacked codes and so it doesn't matter that much what happens to the rates?"
