Kathleen Valentine: Thank you, and good morning. I am here with Surya Mohapatra, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Hagemann, our Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected. Risks and uncertainties that may affect Quest Diagnostics' future results include, but are not limited to, those described in Quest Diagnostics' 2010 annual report on Form 10-K, 2011 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. A copy of our earnings press release is available, and the text of our prepared remarks will be available later today in the Investor Relations Quarterly Update section of our website at www.questdiagnostics.com. A PowerPoint presentation and spreadsheet with our results and supplemental analysis are also available on the website. Now here is Surya Mohapatra.
Kathleen Valentine: Kevin, in terms of where the Palmetto implementation stands, I mean, according to them, all signs seem to point to they are going forward with implementing their program effective March 1. As we've said previously, we're leveraging and working all resources available to us to fight it. We're working with the trade association. There's a lot of questions about the program and the administration around it and just clarity about what they're going to require and how the process is going to work. We've expressed those concerns through the trade association, so we are going to fight it, but it does appear that they are going to proceed. So we'll continue to evaluate what it means to us in terms of implementing it from an administrative perspective. But rest assured, we're working with others in our industry to fight it and try to either delay it or get better clarity around it. Relative to the impact to us, as we've said, the molecular testing revenues could be impacted by the new AMA code that will go into effect next year. It represents less than 5% of our total company revenues. So from a financial perspective, not significant in terms of what it represents relative to total revenues. We've also indicated that from a utilization perspective, this is all intended to get more clarity around what people are paying for and what's being performed. We feel very comfortable that the testing that we perform and bill for is appropriate. So from a utilization perspective, we feel very good about that. Until CMS establishes reimbursement for these new codes, we can't determine what, if any, impact there will be from a reimbursement perspective on these new tests, but from a utilization perspective, we feel comfortable.
Kathleen Valentine: Yes. And that's one of our exact concerns, is that they will create a lot of confusion, and it will -- we and others in our industry have expressed that exact concern.
Kathleen Valentine: Yes, we will collaborate with Biogen and Elan in distributing the test throughout the world. And as you know, it's an FDA-authorized test and also the test kit. So we would work with them in distributing it worldwide.
Kathleen Valentine: On the first part of your question, Steve, there is no update. We continue to work with our legislators in Washington to effect change. We do have access to certain congressmen and women to educate them on the impact that self-referral has in a physician's office not only on the cost of the test but also the utilization of testing. So that work continues, but there's nothing notable to report on that front.
Kathleen Valentine: Oh, yes. Steve, the information is out on the annual revenues that we post. It's out on the IR website. If you look at supplemental analysis, it's available there, too.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, and a couple things on that. First, when you look at the guidance, which is 2% to 2.5%, recognize that there is some carryover from the Athena and Celera acquisitions and some small benefit from the S.E.D. acquisition. Combined, that's worth a little over 1%. So that implies within the revenue guidance that there was about 1% organic growth there, and that compares to about flat this year from an organic perspective. So we are seeing some modest improvement there. As I said, we're not expecting the market to really pick up significantly as we look at 2012, nor are we expecting it to decline much. We're expecting it pretty much flattish for the most part and some relatively steady improvement in the revenue growth as we go through the year. As you know, we don't split out the components of revenue growth between price and volume.
Robert A. Hagemann: The way I think you should view pricing going forward is reimbursement itself is going to continue to be under pressure, but what will fuel increases in revenue per req over time will be test mix and the number of test order per requisition, which has really been the principal driver for the last number of years. So that's one of the factors that we think about as we're considering what the revenue growth will be and what the guidance will look like.
Robert A. Hagemann: Nothing specific that I can point to there, Adam. As I said, reimbursement does continue to be under pressure. We're offsetting much of that with test mix, but...
Robert A. Hagemann: And membership declines could drive the mix there a little bit as well. And we also -- one thing that we pointed out earlier is we've had some mix shift between our plans as well this year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Sure. Tom, as you would expect, the pricing that we have with different plans varies, and some plans are growing membership faster than others. So when I talk about the mix shift between the plans, that's really what I'm talking about there. That's impacting the overall average reimbursement from third-party health plans. And with respect to reimbursement pressure, look, it's no news. Reimbursement is going to be under pressure, will continue to be under pressure, whether be it from government payers or private payers. And as we've said before, that's one of the reasons that we've initiated the $500 million cost-reduction program.
Robert A. Hagemann: No, not at this point, not that we can see or have visibility to at this moment. Although as we think about the shift to high-deductibility plans, that is a bit of a wildcard as it relates to utilization, not so much reimbursement, but utilization.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, yes, we always have a fair number of contracts set to expire in any given year, but there are no big national contracts set to expire this year. Overall, when I look at what's set to expire in 2012, it's probably a little less than we would have in an average year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, it's an interesting question, Tom, because there are lots of sources of data. There's the IMS data that showed that they were up about 2% in the quarter. There's analysis that JPMorgan puts out which shows that they were down in the quarter. So it's really hard to say. I mean, I feel as though it improved, though, because both sets of metrics indicated improvement from the third quarter. But as you know, it's really hard to get a gauge on what the market is doing, particularly in any single quarter. But we are encouraged that it looks like there's some signs that things may be starting to improve or at least stabilize.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, that's a business that when you look at the data that we put out there, you'll see it was down again this year. Total AP revenues were down almost 6% versus the prior year. I think the year before, they were down about 10%. So we've seen some moderation there, but that's a piece of our business that we expect will continue to be under pressure from insourcing. As you've heard us say before, we're working with legislators and other policy-setters to make them aware of the fact that insourcing drives, in some cases, unnecessary utilization. So we're hoping to get a long-term solution there. But in the short term, we're continuing to do what we can to sell our value proposition. We've added some sales people in that regard, and we think that, that is helping mitigate some of it. But as we said, we're looking for a longer-term fix there.
Robert A. Hagemann: It does, Ralph, but, as I said, at a much more modest level than we saw this year. When you think about how much cash we generate in a given year, we gave you guidance for cash from ops of about $1.2 billion, CapEx of $225 million to $250 million. So that gets you down to a free cash flow number of about $950 million or so. We said we're going to delever between $500 million and $700 million, so if you use the midpoint, about $600 million, which also approximates our short-term debt that we have outstanding. Then you consider the dividend that we've got, that we've committed to, which is a little over $100 million. What's available for share repurchases and acquisitions is a little over $200 million. And while we're not expecting a significant acquisition activity this year, we did do a small one already with the S.E.D. acquisition. So that does limit the amount of share repurchases we can do in 2012, but as I said, we expect the share repurchases to ramp up pretty significantly next year, after we've completed the delevering.
Robert A. Hagemann: Absolutely. I mean, we factor all that in, both the share repurchases and the debt levels. Keep in mind that the interest rate on the outstanding debt is very modest at this point. It's pretty low. We're a pretty low-interest rate environment. And the term loan that the we're paying off is a LIBOR plus, so we're looking at pretty significantly low rate there.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, I would be a little careful, Ralph, in looking at any one quarter and trying to extrapolate it. What I'd suggest you look at is the full year operating income percentage, which was 17.6% on an adjusted basis. Think about that compared to the approaching 18% that we're providing for 2012. As I said in the script, the margin expansion that we are expecting is principally from the cost-reduction effort. As we've said in the past, this is a business, with all of the fixed costs that we've got and the inflationary pressure on the elements that is salaries, wages and benefits, that you need to grow organically 2-plus percent to be able to hold margins. And as I said earlier, the organic growth that we're contemplating here is more in the 1% range. So it's the cost-reduction program that's helping improve those margins year-over-year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Look, yes, you can calculate it if you would like. It's readily available. We do report adjusted earnings so that people can understand what we view as the unusual items in the quarter. Otherwise, it's GAAP-adjusted for those things. Cash earnings is not something that we've historically done. It's readily available for folks to calculate, and it can certainly be calculated.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, a couple things, A.J. First, as I said earlier, we can catch you off-line, but we want to make your interest expense assumption for the debt paydown is appropriate. Again, the interest expense there is very modest. The other thing that I would tell you is when you think about the tax rate, it's not going to be the same tax rate as this year. This year, we had a number of discrete items in there which helped the tax rate. And if you want to think about the right tax rate to use, I'd suggest you look in the footnotes and you look at the rates we've used, the tax effect, some of the items in there, in Footnote 2 in the press release.
Robert A. Hagemann: A.J., I think everything's still up in the air at this point, whether it be co-pays, deductibles or reimbursement changes. Obviously, we don't think any of those are appropriate for our industry. We feel as though we've made some pretty significant contributions in terms of givebacks, and in addition, we want to make sure that whatever is done isn't counter-productive in trying to drive down the total cost of care because as we've said repeatedly in one of our arguments is that while this is a very small piece of the total spend, it has a very significant influence on treatment of physicians in the total cost of care. And you don't want to be penny-wise and pound-foolish here. So we're continuing to make our case. We think we have a good one, but I would tell you that it's still up in the air as to what the outcome is going to be with respect to the permanent doc fix.
Robert A. Hagemann: No, it's not. That's being treated as a special item, just like it was in this quarter. And as we said, back at the end of Q3, we expect that to be about $14 million in total. There was roughly $6 million that went through this quarter. The remainder will go through in the first half, certainly before May next year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, Ricky, to try and put it in perspective for you, one, we've talked about the tax rate a little bit, so you want to make sure you're using the correct tax rate. The other topic that we've covered in a couple different forms this morning is the share repurchases. While we are going to do some share repurchases, they will be more modest than they have been this past year. And we're not expecting the weighted average shares outstanding to change much from this year because the share repurchases that we will do will pretty much offset the shares issued in connection with employee benefit plans this year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Ricky, we have not seen that, really, anywhere at this point. Certainly, as we've talked to accountable care organizations and the like, we're trying to understand how we can work with them to not only manage their laboratory costs but more importantly, manage the total cost of care. And that really means getting the right testing to the right person at the right time and then using the data that's generated from that to make informed decisions and oftentimes, marrying that with other data. We haven't really, in those discussions, had much conversations about lab formularies. Although you may have heard it someplace, we have not.
Robert A. Hagemann: It's really hard to gauge, quite frankly. We don't know for sure why patients either go or choose not to go to the doctor, particularly in any one month. And December is a very difficult month to predict anything off of. As you point to, there's typically this trend either in the fourth quarter or particularly in December where people are going in, trying to get their visits in prior to potentially higher co-pays, higher deductibles or more cost shifting in the next year. And there's been some speculation that that might be more pronounced this year as a result of expectations for further cost shifting in 2012. But it's really hard to gauge. I mean, it's speculation. I don't think anybody has any good data on that.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, if you have revenue growing and you have the operating income percentage growing, by definition, operating income grows.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, Bill, without giving you the specific tax rate that we have in our guidance, what I would point out to you is in Footnote 2, there's a rate which we use. It's sort of an overall blended effective rate of 38.7%, which we used to tax-effect the number of items there. In that range is what you should be thinking.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, the effective rate this year is impacted by a lot of things, particularly the government settlement and the like. And overall, it was 35.7%, but you can't use that as a proxy for what it would be going forward.
Robert A. Hagemann: Dane, I would tell you that it will most likely be over the course of the year. It won't be first quarter, second quarter. It's really going to be a function of how cash flows are trending. While we do have some debt, a big chunk of debt that's due in May, we will likely draw on some short-term revolvers and the like to fund some of that paydown and then use cash from operations to fund the rest and then, over the course of the year, get the debt level to where we're suggesting.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, I would, again, caution anybody to look at any one quarter and extrapolate there, particularly on a particular line. What I would tell you, though, about cost of sales in SG&A is cost of sales is a line that actually benefits from both the Celera and Athena acquisitions, whereas the SG&A line is increased as a result of them. Net-net, it's a positive to the combined SG&A and cost of sales and neutral generally in operating income after amortization.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, we're still in the process. We're not expecting there to be much integration with respect to Athena, quite frankly, because of the truly esoteric nature of those tests. BHL, on the other hand, is an opportunity for us to get more on contract because of how frequently that sort of testing is being ordered. And we are doing that. We're expanding contract access for BHL. We're opening up our patient service centers and our logistics, and we believe that, that's actually going to help with the turnaround of BHL. It will take some time, but those are important steps that we're taking there.
Robert A. Hagemann: Darren, as we talked about in the discussion of the $500 million cost-reduction program, one of the elements of that is standardizing systems processes and databases. And certainly, an element of the increasing CapEx is going towards that. Yes, I would also tell you, though, that when I look at the CapEx that we had this past year, 2011, there were some things that we put on hold in anticipation of trying -- maybe doing something differently as we went through this cost-reduction program. And as a result, some of the increase that we see next year is also just the catch-up on some deferral of a few items.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, yes, I think it is something that could potentially be replicated elsewhere. I would tell you that we have hospital lab management agreements that have been put in place for -- they've been there for many years and were not put in place in connection with acquisitions. So those are opportunities that we have irrespective of whether or not there's an opportunity to acquire outreach business. But yes, we do think that those are the type of acquisitions that we'll see more of as time goes by. They're relatively small. They are fold-in type acquisitions, and we have a good history of executing against those. And I think hospitals are asking themselves whether or not lab testing is strategic. They all have different views, I guess. But hopefully, there will be more opportunities like this.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, first, Darren, you shouldn't think about a likely goodwill write-down there yet. It's part of our clinical testing business. That's a single segment. It's fully integrated, and when we look at that business, the value of it is far in excess of the total carrying value. So you shouldn't be looking for that. Secondly, as we said, it's a business that continues to be under pressure. The whole market is under pressure, not just our AP business. And we are doing some things that we think, over time, will help that. But yes, you have to take a long-term view with respect to this business. It's a very important element of cancer diagnostics overall. Cancer diagnostics is going to be fast-growing, and atomic pathology will be a growing element of it over time as well. And we feel as though we're very well positioned there. No one has the breadth and depth that we have in that area. And while there are some challenges now and we expect that there'll be some pressure, at least for the foreseeable future, we think we're very well positioned for the long term.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Gary, I'll just add, the entire management team and the board feel very good about the strategy that we've got, and that's what you're hearing here. It doesn't mean that somebody new might not have a different perspective, but really, what you're hearing is our confidence in what we've told you we're going to do.
Robert A. Hagemann: And Amanda, if anything, the services that are valued most by our customers are areas where we could potentially invest more, whereas the services that are valued least are the ones that pose opportunities for us.
Robert A. Hagemann: I can't really at this point, Bob. We're not in a position to do that. I think a lot of that's going to be a function of the pacing of the execution of the cost-reduction program.
Robert A. Hagemann: There may be -- I will be -- as I said, I'd be very careful taking any one quarter and extrapolating it. A lot of these charges are really driven by decisions, and some of those decisions we'll be able to make will cut across the enterprise. Some of those decisions will be impacting unit by unit. So at this point, yes, I don't have good visibility to tell you how those costs will shake out. But certainly, we'll give you as much information as we can on those costs when we do incur them. And to the degree that we have good visibility a quarter or so out, we can try and provide some information there.
Robert A. Hagemann: Bob, I would add to that. I think the best opportunity for us to create value is by effectively executing against that strategy.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, again, Ashim, some of this is impacted by the acquired revenues of both Celera and Athena. And it's really difficult for us to break out the impact on each of these components for you right here. We don't have that data available to us at the moment. But there's nothing in the payer mix that I would say is a significant trend other than the fact that we did see some declines in the patient volumes there. I think a lot of that was driven by the economy. And otherwise, it's been pretty consistent in terms of the way the payer mix has trended.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, yes, again, I'm not sure what you mean on a normalized basis. The effective rate for this year is about 3 points lower than what's embedded in the guidance. But the effective rate for this year has a lot of things that are driving it that won't continue.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, yes, I think you're right, Gary. As we've said, the operating performance is certainly expected to improve. We're looking for revenue growth, and we're looking for expansion of operating income. So the pure operating earnings, we are expecting to be up versus last year.
Robert A. Hagemann: Well, again, I would caution you not to read too much into any one quarter. I think coming into the quarter, we're very conscious on managing costs. I think we've done a good job not only in terms of advancing the $500 million program but really ratcheting down on a day-to-day cost and managing those pretty effectively. I think you're seeing some of that come through. How much of that day-to-day management of cost we can continue at the same rate, there's probably some question around that. But I do feel good about the way we've managed cost overall this past year and think that it's going to certainly help us as we go into 2012. So we've got some good momentum there, and that's only going to be fueled by what we're doing with the longer-term program.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, you are with S.E.D., Gary. S.E.D. is probably -- the acquired revenue is in the range of $25 million to $30 million.
Robert A. Hagemann: Yes, Gary, just to clarify, when you said that you were estimating acquisitions added 1 point to volumes, the volume impact of the Celera and the Athena acquisitions is negligible, well less than 0.5%, and almost all of the benefit from the revenue growth shows up in revenue per requisition there. So back to your point, though, I would tell you that when you look at the routine volumes, they have been down year-over-year, but not to the degree that you've estimated there.
Robert A. Hagemann: We're not expecting it to increase much. But yes, we're expecting it to be pretty close to the weighted average share count that we've got now.
Robert A. Hagemann: Not meaningful visibility at this point other than the CEO succession costs, which we've said are going to be about $8 million or so.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Kevin, this is Surya. CEO search is a top priority for our board, and the board is actively conducting the search. I don't have any information to report now, but as soon as we know something, we will let you know.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, Ralph, as you know, it takes quite a bit of time. But I am encouraged by the traction or even the engagement that some of these health plans have. And along with them, we're talking to the employers, and the whole objective is -- and they know also, to meet their goals, they have to persuade the doctors to send the testing to our network and to avoid the high-cost providers. So that's one thing happening. The other thing which is becoming very exciting and will put us in a very advantageous position is this evolution of ACOs. And they are unique data. They are unique connectivity. They are unique analytics. So we are having a lot of discussions with them. So it may not have anything concrete in 2012, but I see that all the assets and capabilities we have accumulated over the years -- now there are 200,000 doctors that are using our Care360. We have a huge databank. So those are the things that are going to help us to work with health plans in this evolving healthcare reform. But along with that also, they are also narrowing down their network, and that's also helping when the other laboratories are removed from the network. So we'll continue working with them, and it's a part of our growth strategy.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, you know, if I hear, I will let you know. And we are always working with our health plans and trying to meet their needs. But we haven't heard anything from them either.
Surya N. Mohapatra: But this is a very important subject because as the hospitals buy more doctors, obviously, our hospital business benefits from the reference tests, but also, our capability in IT and our capability in managing laboratories and also our relationship with the health plans gives us an opportunity. So again, if you think about 60% of this market is in the hospital, and working with the health plans and working with the hospitals, we expect to use this as a strategy to go forward. And as Bob said, many hospital CEOs, they have different views. But a lot of people are really interested to see how they can leverage our expertise and, at the same time, get some capital by selling our outreach business.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Just to remind you. When we bought AmeriPath -- actually, there are 3 elements of AmeriPath. The specialty laboratories is a part of it. Esoteric lab is very well integrated and is very effective. [indiscernible] diagnostics is doing really well, and it just -- they are now doing pathology. Both AmeriPath and Quest is under pressure, but it is the key element of cancer diagnostics, and it's going to show clearly improved results when we see the insourcing stabilizes.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well you know, Gary, first of all, all the things that we're doing, we had it in plan to do in the beginning of the year because -- this has been a multiyear program as far as repositioning Quest Diagnostics to drive esoteric and gene-based testing and putting a $500 million cost-reduction so that we can withstand the cost pressure. And also, when we have finished or at least completed Athena and Celera, along with AmeriPath and Focus, our goal was that we'll spend couple of years in integrating, so we could return majority of the cash to the shareholders. So having said all those things, all the strategic and personal activities we're doing with the management is also in line with the board. We believe that we have a very important strategy. Going forward, the new CEO will leverage the unparalleled access and distribution we have in science and innovation and healthcare IT to drive, along with the routine testing, the esoteric and gene-based testing in cancer, infectious disease and cardiovascular disease and neurological. So from the strategy point of view, we've been building it. Now as far as -- every CEO have their own way of looking at certain things, and he or she is going to work with the board. But there's not a single thing we're doing here which is going to limit the person who is going to drive up this company after I go.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, as I told you that our organic growth strategy, obviously, driving the faster-growing esoteric and gene-based testing but also improving sales effectiveness. And it has taken us couple of years to have the right people in the right place, and our sales force expansion is complete. And obviously, we are helping them in training and support, and I'm happy. And you can -- we're seeing early signs of traction in areas where we say we're going to get focus. So we are not reducing the number of salespeople. But as far as the patient service centers is concerned, as Bob said, that we are looking at how many patient service centers we have in ward areas, and we're trying to optimize so that in some areas, we may have too many and in some areas, we may have too few. But we are going to look at the whole patient service centers demographics as far as convenience and cost point of view.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, the first thing we have to do is to make sure that we don't do anything that reduce service level. And the service level is linked to its customer phasing activities, whether it's patient service center, whether it's phlebotomy, whether it is IT services. So those things are -- more or less, we are trying to optimize them, but the reduction of cost is coming from procurement, billing, G&A and all other activities which has a less impact on customer phasing services.
Surya N. Mohapatra: I haven't heard anything specific. SureSwab is a new test for gynecological infection. We had a weakness in that area, and women's health is a big focus for us. And I'm very happy that the test volume is up 40%.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, we are focused on driving [indiscernible] as far as I'm concerned. Although we are looking for a new CEO, every day, we are working as if I'll be here forever. So that's number one. Because I truly believe that we have built, really, a great company, and we have very unique capabilities. And yes, we have some headwinds, but that's not the reason why one should really abandon strategy. To me, strategy is sticking to it. The board is looking for my successor, and obviously, the person will have some flexibility. But the strategy is built in conjunction with the board, and I'm very proud of the company we built.
Surya N. Mohapatra: By there's a little bit more to this, as you may have pointed out. We are the only company probably in the world who has all this capability, what I call end-to-end capability. We have -- laboratories can develop tests, but they don't have the capability of creating IVD kits. We can create -- we can have by discovery -- from discovery to laboratory developed tests to IVD kits, and then we can work with IVD distributors to distribute to someone else. So I think this strategy of putting together Celera and Focus Diagnostics, along with our Nichols, is really a great opportunity for us going forward because targeted therapy is going to come. You are absolutely right. It's a $1 billion market for Biogen Idec, and I'm very pleased that we were able to collaborate with them, and there's a couple of other things going in that area.
Surya N. Mohapatra: We are being noticed very differently than before because we have these unique capabilities of developing tests and also making IVD kits and getting it through FDA, so the answer to your question is yes.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, first of all, this is a grant program, and it is only for 2 years. And this is actually to enhance the adoption of EHRs. As you know, the doctors are the last one to really adopt it. So now we have a product which has been certified for meaningful use. We have 4,400 people are using it. And the various components of that product, whether it is e-prescribing or whether it is clinical rules, all those things have been very well regarded. So our goal is to increase our installed base and have market penetration. So I think this grant program is going to help us. By the way, when it helps us, it also helps us in the diagnostics business because we see whenever anybody has our connectivity, we get more requisition from them, and it also helps the doctors to streamline their operations and get some revenues from the government.
Surya N. Mohapatra: Well, as I said, the board is actively conducting the search. This is the top priority. And the most important thing is to find the right person who will take this company to greater heights in the next 5 to 7 years. So I don't have any information, but by April 30, we'll have a new CEO.
