Steve Rusckowski: Thanks, Shawn and thanks everyone for joining us today. Over the past two years, our 50,000 quest employees have risen to the challenge of COVID-19, innovating, persevering, and remaining committed to the patients and customers we serve. While doing so, they also grew our base business by more than 19% in 2021, achieving record levels. I'm extremely proud of what we have accomplished as a team. So we have a lot of news to cover this morning. And I want to get into that so we can have your questions. So let's get started.  So first, I'll start by sharing some color on the leadership transition we've announced this morning. Then we'll review our performance for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2021. And then finally Mark will provide more detail on our financial results and talk about our financial outlook for 2022.  So as you have seen, in our announcement this morning, we've begun implementing a gradual leadership succession plan, under which Jim Davis, Executive Vice President of General Diagnostics will succeed me to become Chief Executive Officer on November 1, 2022. At that time, I will continue to serve on the Quest Board of Directors as Executive Chairman.  Quest Diagnostics is a great company that is well-positioned to continue to deliver shareholder value. As I approached a decade in the role, the Board and I determined that now is the right time to begin to turn over the helm to a new leader. Jim Davis is extremely well qualified to be CEO, having managed a large part of this company in his role as Executive Vice President. He has deep knowledge of Quest, the healthcare industry and the corporate world, gained through more than 35 years of business experience. Jim is widely respected and will be a strong CEO. When I took this role nearly 10 years ago, Quest was not growing, nor realizing its potential. We launched a new strategy, our new Quest to drive transformational change. To drive that change, we built a new leadership team, and Jim has been a key member of that team. We built a business strategy to accelerate growth and drive operational excellence. To drive growth, we focused on improving relationships with health plans, hospital health systems, and expanding fast growing businesses, and advanced diagnostics, and consumer testing.  In addition, we've added about 2% revenue growth on average through accretive, strategically aligned acquisitions over the last several years. We have driven operational excellence, and our Invigorate program has consistently improved quality and customer experience, while generating 3% productivity each year. And we've made more inclusive by increasing the diversity on our Board, and amongst our management ranks.  Finally, we established Quest for Health Equity in 2020, over $100 million committed to reduce healthcare disparities among underserved in the United States, particularly communities of color. I am very proud of what we've accomplished together. And if you consider the opportunities in front of us, in many ways, we're just getting started.  We have a strong team and Jim as a key leader in our transformation. He runs our General Diagnostics business, which accounts for more than 80% of revenues and three quarters of our employees. He manages operations, including sales and marketing, patient services, logistics, laboratories, billing and customer services. He also oversees the Drive Operational Excellence strategy, which includes our Invigorate program. He has provided enterprise oversight for pandemic response. And if that wasn't enough, he's also lead the development of Quest ESG strategy.  So Jim, congratulations. I look forward to working very closely with you through this transition. 
Steve Rusckowski: Thanks, Jim. Now at the same time Mark is planning to retire this year. Mark has been in his role for more than eight years, and helped navigate us to the strong position where it is today. We have begun a process in which I will be working closely with Jim to identify Quest's new CFO, and Mark will participate in the selection process. He will remain in the role through the transition.  Mark, I want to thank you for your many contributions, your partnership and your friendship. You've been a key member of our leadership team and we have transformed Quest and accelerated its growth. 
Steve Rusckowski: Thanks Mark. Well, the Sunrise  had another record year providing critical COVID-19 testing for our country and delivered record revenues, earnings and cash from operations. We also grew our base businesses to a record level of 19% versus the prior year. Quest is well positioned in 2022 to deliver on its commitments. I'm proud of the incredible accomplishments of our 50,000 Quest employees throughout the pandemic. And finally, our team is strong, the business has never been better, and Quest's future is bright as we begin a gradual transition to new leadership.  Thank you. Be happy to take your questions. 
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah, thanks, Jack, for the question. There is a lot of pressure in our industry, and particularly at hospitals. And so we are seeing continued interest and are working with hospital systems and helping them become more efficient and productive with their professional lab services business. That continues to be a big opportunity. You saw in our prepared remarks it grew nicely over the last couple of years. We have a half a billion dollar business, and therefore that moves, it moves our enterprise a significant level. So that's number one.  Number two, is we are very strong, and we continue to drive operational excellence. As you all know, this is not new, it's institutionalized in Quest. We believe we have the cadence and the capabilities to continue to offset any inflationary pressure we have. And we've done that. We did it last year, we'll continue to do that going forward. And as I said, in my introductory remarks, our array included Invigorate. We talked about inflationary pressures on our cost of sales. By the Invigorate savings is a net number. So any increases, offset by the saving always been positive for us and getting more savings than cost increases.  And so despite, some pressures that we see, because of the current times, we're offsetting that, and going forward, we do see that smaller laboratories will have a tougher time keeping up with some of these structures. And therefore, we do have an advantage. We saw the acquisition, we just did a flap jack in South Carolina; we are achieving that 2% growth from acquisitions. So therefore, we believe our strategy has positioned us nicely going forward to take advantage of the changes in front of us given this different times than we've ever seen. So Mark anything you'd like to add to that. 
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah, so to be clear, except for referral network, we have a JV with Sonora Quest. So we wanted to make sure that people were aware that we're doing some math around referral on the testing volumes that we don't actually to record that revenue, because we have a minority ownership stake. So we get a proportionate share of the earnings from Sonora Quest, as we do with our other minority holdings, as we do with our majority holdings to equity earnings. So we just wanted to drive that transparency.  But in terms of pricing, and so on, so forth, I won't comment specifically on Sonora Quest. But it's not dissimilar, it's not a totally different profit structure than the things that we do ourselves. In Jack, during this less than 5% of our total volume is sent out to a referral lab. At this point in time, its effect on zero. So it's only during a surge, that we have to rely on external partner labs to help us.  Yes, what I did refer to Jack, and maybe that's what you were asking about was non-traditional channels. And so that's not where we're sending the work. It's actually how we're getting the specimens. So a lot of the work especially early was through traditional channels, or hospital partners, where we were going anyways, to collect specimens, and we would leverage all the Quest Logistics, in cases where we had people going to our ACE trauma centers, we're leveraging that.  In this case, we're actually getting it from other providers, CVS is the most notable one. As we do that, we have to have an incremental logistics structure with that incremental logistic runs. Then we do pay a fee. You kind of think about it kind of like phlebotomy, but all the work they do to collect the specimen, to engage the administrative costs of the patient to give them the results, and so there is a cost that maybe people weren't aware of when we're not getting that specimen to our traditional infrastructure. 
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah, so thanks for the question, Ann. It's important one. So first off, we're not deviating from our long term outlook. So we've shared a long term outlook in March of 2021. And while the CAGRs are going to change, because we're going to have a stronger year in 2022, and the carriers I quoted that that time, were putting 2022 forward, the absolute numbers we're not deviating from because they're largely the base fitness. So we still assume that COVID will materially decline, you know, time will tell. At that point, it's really all-round our base business.  So when people are looking at the current profitability of the base business, and I can understand how this happens. One of the flaws of that is that there really -- you can't really do the two in isolation. So let me give some examples. Because we've had such a surprisingly strong year, this year relative to what we expected, driven by COVID, we're paying a significantly higher incentive performance bonus. And that's across the whole employee base. And, right now, that would not be expected to be repeated next year.  So that, quote, inflated our costs. And so to assign all of that cost against the base business, which is what implicitly it's done, when you do COVID revenue times a certain margin drop through, and then you assume back against the base business, that is not accurate. The other thing is, we have significant incremental costs related to the pandemic, which I mentioned in the prepared remarks, around $50 million of cost. If COVID really goes away, we would expect those costs will largely go away. And those costs are really be assigned to COVID, not to the base business.  We had quite a bit of overtime later in the year. And that was related to employee absences driven by the COVID surge, and we spent about $25 million more in 2021, then we historically spend in over time. And we would expect that would go away, as well, as COVID starts to step back. And so again, that that s implicitly put against the big business, when you do the high level math that I've seen a lot of people do. And so the way to think about the base business is obviously from our guidance, we are hundreds of millions of dollars above where we were in 2019.  We expect to be back to the growth that we were experiencing pre-pandemic. I know, it seems like a long time. But if you look at the first two months, and we mentioned this several times of 2020, before the pandemic started, even after a full year of the network access teams we have in 2019, we're still growing mid-single digits. We're going to get back to that growth, okay, in the base business. And the profitability of the base business is going to be similar to what it was before 2019.  So hopefully, that puts all the pieces together for you. Obviously, there's anything I can clarify, I'd be happy to take a follow up. 
Steve Rusckowski: Right, so some of those will ramp down, because there are discrete investments to get us where we need to get to. So for instance, a big piece of that is building what we need for our consumer is fantastic. And to move from where we were to a more Amazon like, not that we'll get completely there, but experience for patients who want to find tests and order it, pay their bill, et cetera is expensive. It takes a lot of work with marketing analytics to do the appropriate marketing and understanding of customer preferences, and respond to customers in appropriate way. A lot of IT investment in the near term to get us to that future state.  Now as we're growing that business to a $0.25 billion, which is what we said we would get to by 2025, there are going to be some ongoing costs, because we're adding people to support that business. It isn't a grown up business. And there are going to be some variable costs with that. However, as we grow those businesses, we're going to grow fast. And so some of those ongoing costs are going to get paid for that faster growth. And then I would say similarly, advanced diagnostics, as we accelerate that growth, some of the resources we're adding today that we're calling out pre that growth are going to be in the run rate and profitability going forward.  So the costs don't go away completely, but they will ramp down because some of this is kind of startup expenses. And then that revenue, obviously in the end, the margin is going to pay for those incremental costs over the next several years.  Only it's after that . Remember, when we talked about this year, these investments really started in the back half of 2020. And we talked about an exceptional year in 2020. We talked about an exceptional year in 2021. And therefore we took advantage of the opportunity invested in accelerated growth entirely consistent with what we share with you as our growth portfolio portfolio. And what you're seeing in our results, our ranges, the benefits of those investments, you're seeing great growth in our focus areas of advanced diagnostics. I highlighted those areas of our portfolio that we focus on.  And these are not insignificant portions of our portfolio. I share my  several 100 millions of dollars of focus for us that are growing strong double digits versus last year versus 2019. And then secondly, is our consumer initiative testing business has grown considerably. We talked about $70 billion, almost half to 250 . And so therefore, we're already starting to see the benefits. So as with any of that we certainly expect a business return. We're getting some evidences of return already. '21 looks like more of it than '22. And so when we get into '23, you got to track that.  They were not served in the beginning. What we're putting on right time is exactly what we laid out on Investor Day. That is, we have a baseline coming out of '22 that we believe in, and what we just shared in our '22 guidance is entirely consistent with that. And we will continue to grow our earnings. The high growth, we highlighted 7% to 9%, and that will continue through '23 and '24. So we feel what we've done so far, and what we delivered is entirely consistent with what we believe the prospects of -- we do believe the opportunity in front of us are even more attractive than before, because we found the proceeds, was relative to accelerate the program was real. 
Steve Rusckowski: A.J., thanks. We continue to believe that we can continue to deliver that 2% growth off our base business going forward. We've delivered that in the past, and we have every reason to believe that we will continue going forward. As I mentioned earlier, we continue to see hospitals looking at what we've done with other hospitals, and opportunity for them to rely on us as the testing and that product continues to build. And we continue to look at some outreach purchases with hospitals.  And then, as I mentioned, Labtech was a good example of a regional laboratory and a good piece of the United States that we picked up as well. And we continue to look at acquisitions that build on our portfolio. Remember, we have this lens of focusing on general diagnostics. Jim Davis, runs that business, in addition to that advanced diagnostics. But the third pieces are those services that take the information that we generate, and we provide services, and we do this employer population health. And we built on that business to work with health plans, on helping them manage the risk with the data and providing services that help them do that.  So Pack Health fits into that direction for the company. And we've done some other acquisitions that help us with that direction as well. And you're going to hear more about -- we will continue to invest in that space going forward. And also in your question, does the management change slow us down in any way and here what we might do an acquisition, I would say to the contrary, you know, Jim's been part of the management team for over eight years. He's highly engaged in all acquisitions. He's been instrumental in executing all of our acquisitions. And all the businesses that he participated in are always part of the funnel building that we have.  So Jim any remarks about the 40 acquisitions we've done, and your team to find more opportunities. 
Steve Rusckowski: So to remind you, our base business in '21 was larger than what we had in 2019. So it has grown. So it has recovered. And we're going to grow on top of that. And that's implied in our guidance for base business. And we intentionally broke out basis from COVID assumptions for '22. So you can kind of dissect who or what's going on with that business. And I keep on reminding you of investments that we're making are part of our base business. And we started those investments in '21. They continue in '22, and therefore, that's going to help us accelerate growth.  And as Mark said, we feel very confident about the profitability of our base systems. And by the way, when I said in my introductory remarks, is we do not believe COVID is going to entirely go away. It's going to be part -- a permanent part of our portfolio. So you should assume there's some COVID testing in '23 as well. We will continue to still play a role with our PCR testing. And we believe there's a growing role for serology particularly related to our ability to be able to provide some insight around the protection that individuals have in their bodies. And we're going to have more on that to come.  But you put it together is -- and we believe the prospects for '23 and beyond are quite bright. So thank you. 
Steve Rusckowski: If you look at our volumes are impressive. We've had a challenge this year, because of the infection rate, and therefore our ability not to be able to fail to deliver on cooling , which is more capacity and lower costs. But that will come back with infection rate, which dropped. But as we go forward with this, we start to see this becoming more of an epidemic and less of a pandemic, then there's a lot of players in this marketplace, and Jim and his team are entirely focused on what we have for sure today, and what we could do going forward to gain some share going forward.  So when you think about the opportunity around COVID, if you look at that market, you think about Quest Diagnostics, you think about the dynamics of the short run, where there's been some opportunistic players. We're not optimistic. This is going to be part of a permanent part of our portfolio. And therefore we also are pushing hard, and making sure that we get what we believe what you have to share in the short term. But also in the long term, we think there might be an opportunity as well to pick up some share. Jim, you'd like to add to that.
Steve Rusckowski: Okay, good. So what we -- Mark just said what we said is, we've always provided our outlook and guidance for our mix  per share, because we do have a mix of business, we do have some lower margin business, that might be a good value creating opportunity for us, we're going to go after it like a PLS business. So our guidance for EPS would be expansion of EPS over time, rebasing it, if you will, for these changes that we've seen for the last two years. And Mark has reiterated our belief that our base business will fuel good opportunities for us to continue to deliver against that.  By the way, as we continue to gain share, variable gross margin is quite good. And as I said, we also believe there's going to be some COVID in '23. And it's hard to size it right now, but it's not going to go away soon.
Steve Rusckowski: So we're bullish on the prospects of continuing to drive productivity. I always react to this as a cost cutting goal. And this is not all about cost cutting goal. This is about working smarter. And this has been a key part of our strategy. And it fuels growth. And Jim mentioned some of the areas. I picture my internship  also digital pathology, which revolutionized our ability to diagnose and treat and to do that more productively. And this week, Jim is going up another laboratory to take a look at where we're going to make our next investment this year.  So we're going to invest in the space. And we have a lot more opportunity in front of us. So it's exciting. 
Steve Rusckowski: Yeah, so what I can share is, go back to what we said in the prepared remarks, our consumer business was about $70 million last year, between the base and COVID, we did $2.7 million of COVID revenue. So the consumer initiated COVID testing was very small, at this point, and, it's strengthening. And again, as I said, we continue to enhance our website, when people go for that ordering, and testing and so on. But there's still more to come in terms of enhancing that experience for consumers and driving awareness for people. As you know, we're competing with a lot of people who see these stand up operations in parking lots, and so on and so forth, which draw their attention.  So we're working on making sure that they know we can do this and initiate themselves as opposed to going to a doctor or hospital for this. And we expect to get stronger and stronger moving forward as we enhance our overall consumer business through these investments we just mentioned.  In terms of the margin profile, it's really not -- it's not all that different between the consumer and consumer can add in different ways. They can come to our patient draw center and have it done there. We do have home collection kits where they can be sent to their home. So a little different structure, but not materially different in profitability.  Operator next question. 
Steve Rusckowski: So thanks for the question. And as we said, we were thankful that it was delayed, again, the one year offset, as Mark indicated to 23. We think that's good for us, because it will gave us some time this year, to keep on working on a permanent fix with Congress. And we have been very active working with Congress last year. And as you know, Congress was very busy with the Infrastructure Bill, and other business and therefore we're fortunate enough to get in the postponed it, but it allows us time this year to keep on working on this to get a permanent fix.  We're encouraged by the level of support, brought up the importance of testing and the importance of having a strong industry. We're getting strong, bipartisan support, both from the House and from the Senate. We made a proposal of what we think should be changed to improve the data collection process, the sampling of market based data. We continue to support the notion and the philosophy of PAMA that is we should be paid a commercial rate. But we believe that CMS has it wrong .  And in parallel with the Congress, we continue to have our lawsuit against CMS and the trade association. The judge has heard the arguments we'll see if we get some indication on a decision on that. Hard to call that, but that's still in the works as well. So our work right now this year is to push for permanent fix to PAMA. And we're better positioned now because the pandemic than before the pandemic because of the strength of this industry here in global awareness and appreciation of what we've done and the need for strong laboratory industry going forward. 
Steve Rusckowski: Sure, so let me start with that one. Because I think there was some questions around maybe with their turnaround time suffered, and we didn't get the $25 fee that comes with some of the government payers couple the current pairs. And actually, not really, AWR in Q4 was absolutely similar to what has been in the previous quarters. And our turnaround time performance was outstanding. We did in January when the surge came, we did a little bit, we did have a little bit of a hit to our turnaround time. But obviously, that's all contemplated in the guidance that we just provided and it wasn't a huge amount.  When you -- back to the early question, bonuses, and the bonuses, when we look at the bonuses, you know, most of it is really our 50,000 employees. So people think about bonuses, must be senior management. Most of the cost is really, we pay 3% bonus to even our wage workers. And then obviously, we have other staff members that you know, at higher targets. And every year we budget for what we call, one x whatever that target is. So for most of the people do 3%. And based on performance, and we feel we've had reasonable stretch performances, when we had historically, we have not paid significantly above 1x. And we've had a number of years where it's below 1x.  But the COVID, unpredictability and the surge in revenues, enabled us to pay our employees significant bonuses, in 2020. And again, in 2021. And so if you look at, without getting too specific, and we've shared a number in the past, a $3 billion wage bill, that's gone up in the last couple of years as we've grown the company. So you can kind of as a floor, say 3%, obviously a little higher, because if people want a higher bonus, that's about 1x. And then, we're paying a bonus that's substantially higher than that, in 2021, like we did in 2020.  The other thing is, we did pay out a $500 payment to the majority of our employees to compensate them for COVID expenses. In 2020, we adjusted it out of our adjusted earnings, because we were seeing COVID as temporal and extraordinary. But once you get to your second time doing it, even though I still think it's extraordinary, we just decided not to adjust it out. So we did have over a $20 million payment, late in the year, $500 to our wage employee and some of our lower compensated professionals as well.  So those are a couple of things that would go away and not be repeated like somehow, we had another surprising COVID year in 2022 like we had in 2021 
Steve Rusckowski: Thank you. Very good. Well, thanks, it's been a great session with you all. Thanks for all the great questions. And again, thanks for joining the call today and we appreciate your support. You guys have a great day. 
James E. Davis: Hey, thanks Steve, and I really look forward to working closely with you over the next eight months, and ensuring a very successful transition. It's a tremendous honor to have the opportunity to succeed you in Quest and lead Quest into the next stage of our growth. We have a very powerful vision in Quest of empowering better health and diagnostic insights.  Our business strategy is straightforward and well understood. And our company has never been more central to patients and to the health care system, as we've seen during this pandemic. I really look forward to working with the management team and all 50,000 employees to build on the strong foundation that Quest has put in place. Quest's future is really bright. And we're extremely well positioned to continue to create value for shareholders, and all that we serve.
James E. Davis: No, A.J., as Steve said, I've been part of all 40 of those acquisitions. And it's not going to slow down. We're not going to do -- we're going to do smart deals. We're going to be selective, but we're going to continue to build our base business. We're going to continue to find niche applications to build out our events diagnostics portfolio, and we're going to continue to focus on hospital outreach deals, those that are willing to get out of business. We're right there ready to help out. 
James E. Davis: Ricky, I would add one other thing. And that's as probably Mark stated at the pace business has recovered in 2019 levels are still not going to interject in terms of a headwind. There's still pent up demand for routine clinical care. If you look at the studies around HIV infection rates, hepatitis C infection rates, the data still indicates that there was a lack of routine clinical care during the pandemic. And we do think that should provide some headwinds going into the later part of this year and next year. 
James E. Davis: Yeah, what we did find during this last surge is we had a series of 10 default partners that we've referred work out to, when we couldn't handle the volume, especially during peak days during the work. And at least 50% of those partners had gotten out of business and decided they just didn't want to rebrand for capacity. So while there may be the physical capacity out there, some of that physical capacity, especially on the PCR side has returned to the clinical kinds of work that those firms were doing, other molecular work.  So that is, I think advantages us in the future, if there is another surge here. 
James E. Davis: Yeah, I think Steve has touched on three key themes, automation, use of artificial intelligence, and the continued digitization of so many products. So Marlborough and Clifton are terrific examples of that. But as you know, they're all brand new laboratories. We've got 20 plus other laboratories in our network. And there's opportunities in every one of those laboratories without building new Greenfield sites to continue that automation journey. In particular, in our processing area, and what we call our fluid handling system, handling of blood and urine.  On the artificial intelligence side, you're going to see us move in pathology, psychology, microbiology, we've got some great examples of each of those departments today. We're deploying artificial intelligence systems that help with the readout of those images. And then Steve mentioned just the continued digitization. Now beyond the immunoassay platform where we consolidated around the , there are still other opportunities like that in our laboratories.  We recently ran a competition in your analysis, so likely to new vendors is next for that platform. And are rolling out those two platforms across all 23 Plus laboratories, it's going to generate a lot of productivity year over year. So as long as we have healthy third party vendors that continue to innovate, those innovations will come to our labs. And we'll continue along that 3% productivity journey. 
James E. Davis: Yeah, I just want to add that, remember, this is not just in the lab. So there's a lot of productivity that's driven outside. And specifically, I'll give two examples, logistics. So we really have an incredible ability to be efficient with logistics, and continue to improve. So we have some cases where we have empty pickups, where we have some customers that don't give us specimens all the time. It's periodic. Now we have the ability and technology to not do that empty pickup. So that's an efficiency. We also get requests for what we call staff pickups, where somebody needs something quick turnaround, et cetera. And so the ability to most efficiently get one of our vehicles there has been enhanced through our technology.  The other one is in our patient draw centers. We really can increasingly move the administrative burdens off the phlebotomist, allow them to do phlebotomy by getting people to go to our website, put in their insurance information, everything. And so the phlebotomist spends a couple less minutes with each patient doing administrative doing phlebotomy. We drive up the productivity in our draw centers.  So those are just a couple examples of productivity gains that aren't really cost reductions, but enhance our ability to do more with the same resources and drive up our quality and everything else outside the laboratory. 
Mark Guinan: Thanks, Dave. I appreciate the kind words. I just want to take a minute to say that I'm proud to be part of an important company that makes a positive contribution to the country, and I've enjoyed being part of it. Now it's time for me to step back and retire. I'm looking forward to participating in the process to identify my successor who can support Steve and Jim in Quest's next phase of growth. 
Mark Guinan: Yeah, I think the other thing that's evolving jack that you didn't mention, I'm sure it's on your radar is moves towards transparency in pricing, whether it's surprise billing. Now, certainly is complicated. So even for us, it's not simple, would depend which commercial insurance, depends on who your carrier is and so on. So it's not simple to tell people exactly what their cost is. However, it's absolutely an advantage for the national labs , specifically for Quest. So we're encouraged by some of this. It's kind of one of those secrets that a lot of people aren't aware how much better our value is compared to others.  So we really see that together with some of the things you mentioned as another reason that we're going to continue to pick up share and really return to those historic rates we were having before the pandemic started, with greater access and the knowledge, tools and value that we bring well beyond our price, including our real time estimation tools, including our MyQuest app, and all the other things that really enhance the patient experience. 
Mark Guinan: Yeah, just one point of clarification. So the 7% to 9% was when we thought we could do $7.40 $8 in 2022. And we said we'd be at the upper end of that. So you can pick your number between $7.40 and $8, carry forward $7 to $8, through '23 and '24. And that dollar level of EPS is what we're saying we can still do. Obviously, since 2022, is turning out based on our guidance, a lot higher than we said in March, the CAGR is going to be lower. But the absolute numbers we're still committed to at this point. 
Mark Guinan: Yeah, I just want to remind people of what we talked about, over our tenure. We have this Invigorate program, drives about 3% productivity. We call it productivity, because some of it is top line enhancing. It's not all around costs. And we've mentioned the fact that we have these pay fors . And one of them has been priced stretched. One of them has been annual labor inflation. And then we talked about the fact that as we got priced in a better place that actually was helping with margin expansion.  So we have enough productivity to do more than the pay fors. So now we look at where we are today, and as Steve mentioned, a much better position. I can't specifically say it's related to inflation. But I can assure you that that is part of the conversation in addition to PAMA, and the value that we bring in, so and so. We've really moved the conversation dramatically from when we started here, to more about value. And fortunately for us, I can share that in the last three national payer contracts, all three of them, we got an increase. That was modest. But you compare that to where we've been historically, great news.  And that also means that even if we have a little more inflation, and I think we talked about this quite a bit, we've got plenty of Invigorate. And that Invigorate now, doesn't need to cover as much of the price erosion that we have historically. And that price erosion that Steve shared is really heavily in the clientele. And as we've talked over the last number of earnings calls that comes from the hospital clients who are under tremendous pressure, and we shared the reasons for that. And also in some states where physicians can do clientele markup, we have that pressure as well.  And really with the commercial payers, we're in a really good place on prices lately. 
Mark Guinan: Yeah, just to remind you -- not that I need to remind you all that, the rates that CMS determined at $51. And so while we don't assume post PHE that everything falls immediately there, there's a pretty steep ramp down. And then so for the volume that is in our guidance beyond the PHE in late April, we're assuming a significantly lower reimbursement than we've experienced to-date and that we're expecting to get till late April. 
Mark Guinan: Yeah, so. I'm sure you understand Ricky, even if I was willing, I can't really give you an EPS number on the face. So I think the best thing I could do is, point you to pre-pandemic, revenue and earnings and tell you that if you look at the growth in the base business based on what we're giving in guidance, the profitability is not dissimilar. So you can kind of directionally place where that business might be. And the reason I can't really give is back to what I talked about earlier.  So where do I assign the $50 million of pandemic expense? Arguably, if we didn't have COVID testing, we would still have that cost. And you'd say, okay, let's go about your base business. But the truth is that we also have the COVID testing in revenue. So again COVID revenue is going to go into the base business. And then importantly, when you talk about headwinds and tailwinds, we would expect that cost to go away and should be temporary, because it is specifically tied to CDC guidelines and other things.  We talked about some of the others, you know, some things including there, like supply disruptions. I don't know how long that's going to last. And we all know, it's not just in our business. It's across all aspects of life today, and it's modeled to go away in 12 months, not sure. That's certainly something we want to absolutely make sure that we have what we need. And so we are paying premium costs right now, relative to what we did pre pandemics in insurance, get to our patient service centers, our laboratories have everything they need. And that's really kind of our insurance, which fortunately, we can afford to do right now. Because we also do have that COVID revenue and COVID margin.  So really, I think that's the best color I could give you which is the base business is in good shape. We activate Q4 organically back to where we were in 2019. We've done significant M&A over the last couple of years, we've built the PLS business. So beyond the organic clinical business, we're hundreds of millions of dollars higher. And while the profitability and all that may not be precisely the same directionally people could feel confident that the profitability has moved at least to that growth .
Mark Guinan: Yeah, thanks. Brian, it's a great question. And we can't predict with any certainty what's going to happen. I think the two unknowns are, how comfortable will physicians be with taking the specimen sample themselves in the office going forward? And maybe they'll be very comfortable like that with the flu where maybe they'll be like, no, I'd rather I'd rather not handle that. I'd rather not do that point of care test and all the risks that come with that. I'll just send it to a lab. But then the other one, really importantly, the economics. So the payers are going to have a lot of influence on whether this is done.  Now yes, point of care testing, arguably, some people do it for faster turnaround times. But a lot of it is done because they make money off of it. So depending on what the payers decide around point of care reimbursement that will have a large influence on how much of this work comes to us and how much that of it stays in the office. Then let me just stop and ask Jim to comment on this. 
Mark Guinan: Yeah, so we intentionally don't really target or comment on margins, because we believe value creation can come at different levels of margin. Then we talked about specifically on PLS, where it's great growth, great return on invested capital. And those are the two biggest correlators to shareholder value creation. But they come at a lower margin. So we don't worry about margin Pito per se, but I understand others do. And so to answer your question, there's a pretty broad range, you know, obviously, one year less than over multiple years when you put a CAGR with a couple 100 basis points differential on the top line and bottom line.  So there's a lot of different combinations. So what I would say is, your EPS number that you mentioned, is not unreasonable. And you can figure out the revenue based on what we said, at Investor Day, and then what we're guiding to this year in terms of the base business, and yeah, at this point, we're not counting on COVID to be significantly larger than maybe a flu business or something like that. But certainly, we don't know. And there's a chance that it could be larger than that. And that will be determined over the next 12 months or so.  So that's about strongest color I can give you right now, is back to what we said. If you're really good about our base business going forward, we're going to adapt to that growth level. And I want to remind everybody that when we grow organically, the drop down is much higher than that 17% or, the 19.5% that we delivered in Q4, and so on. It drops down at a level, you know, 50% or more depending if it's an existing customer, where we're expanding the menu, or it's a new customer, where we do have to invest a little maybe in logistics and in IT for the interfaces.  But growth brings with it margin expansion, in addition to Invigorate. That's why we're confident we can grow earnings faster than top line, from that period forward. 
Mark Guinan: Yeah. And then the other thing is that, I'm not in any position to provide guidance in 2023. So that's why we're focusing every one of the things there. However, when you think about what can happen, COVID can be larger. We don't know, we're not counting at this point. And then we did mention we've got a -- we expect a billion dollars of cash this year. So between opportunity to quite a bit of M&A, and we'll see, or do share repurchases, those also aren't specifically contemplated.  So that's why like locking down to a specific number is really difficult and probably not productive. So I would point you to what we said at investor day, and kind of assuming that that's reasonable if these things don't play out significantly differently from our current view of what 2043 might bring. 
Mark Guinan: Yeah. Before Steve addresses that I just want to remind everybody that that $80 million was built into our long term outlook. We just assumed it would happen this year. So again, although it would be a year on year get to us, you know, incrementally in comparison, in the long term outlets, it was assumed that we would get that in 2022. So it's already built that. 
