Harvey Schwartz: So, well, first of all, completely agree with that thesis, maybe let’s back up a little bit. And I think it’s worth having a discussion, because I think the easy way to the have it is sort of break it down into three parts. Let’s just talk about the quarter for a minute. Obviously, it’s a tough quarter for us in fixed income. But if you think about how we’re running the business, I think that’s the more important two parts. If you look back over the last several years at the expense initiatives we’ve taken where we have reduced headcount fixed income by more than 10%. We have shrunk the balance sheet by 20%, and if you actually look at it on RWA basis since we switched over to Basel III, we really very softly [ph] managed the capital deployment. So in this part of the cycle, we have been very disciplined about how we managed those resources. Now, of course, your thesis is our thesis, which is we’re in a deep and somewhat long cyclical part of the fixed cycle. But when you think of the forward, our construction simplified is twofold. Our level engagement with our clients tells us clients still need the services. It’s like M&A, Glenn. M&A, the services weren’t active in 2009 and 2010, people questioned whether or not M&A would come back. But our dialogue told us that client engagement and the services we provided to the liquidity provider were important. So when we think about the forward and we hear the announcements and we’re in this part of the cycle, but it’s going to take a while for that to transition through, because I think so far it’s been more than announcements than a retrenchment, and you won’t really see it happen in all the steps we’ve taken until you see a pick up in client activity and the competitive environment continue to shift, that may take a while. But in the meantime, look, we’ll benefit as a firm, because we would diversify until you saw a pick up in certain part of equities, you’ve seen the strength in banking. But certainly a tougher quarter for us in fixed income this quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: No chance that we managed the business. Any steps in terms of vocal adoption happened a number of years ago, where we shutdown certain business. And all of the U.S. firms are subject to the same rule set in vocal, so not an issue. I really think it’s a question of client environment. In the third quarter, the environment for all the factors I mentioned was very challenging, it was hard for us. And if we go back to the first quarter the first quarter environment was one with more activity and better performance on our part, but we don’t want to overreact to a particular quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: So in terms of the exposure, we’re not a big lender to the energy space. I think the best way to characterize it for you is just to take a look at two parts of that. First, any of our funded exposure to non-investment grade parts of the sector, it’s a bit over $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion. And the other sector, which obviously came to focus in the quarter is the trading houses. And we’re less than $200 million in exposure to those trading houses. So they’re not, as I said, we’re not a big lender, not an important part of our business. In terms of the aggregate impact, in terms of client activity, things have been moving so quickly that sometimes as advantageous to client activity and intensity when things are more trending. I think the whole world is adjusting to basically a longer-term consideration of commodity prices being lower in the intermediate term. And ultimately, that will be a catalyst for activity, as clients considered hedging strategies, as they think about financing alternatives, as clients and companies struggle for refinancing. So lower for longer in commodity prices, while very good for the consumer and the global consumer and the broader economy, which is also a tailwind, certainly, it should be a catalyst for client activity also.
Harvey Schwartz: [indiscernible] began. So on a transitional advanced 12.7%, fully phased in 11.9%, on Standardized 12.4%, and fully phased 11.7%. So as I said a lot of capacity over our 10% minimum and our operating range of 10.5% to a 11%.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, there’s always things we can do better, we’re not perfect. So we always look at them. Christian, we don’t see as much value in comparing revenues certainly revenues quarter-to-quarter movements, but we certainly study them and we look for any valuable insights. But I think if you really look to the quarter-to-quarter noise, you run the risk of over steering the business. So, for example, in the first quarter, we didn’t glean huge value out of that in terms of comparing competitors, I don’t know how much value we’ll get out of this quarter. So we don’t have a lot of visibility into their businesses. Our focus has to be on a hand of things, most importantly, our client engagements, and then our profit margins, the risk management, and the ultimate returns. And so that’s really what we’ll focus on. In fact, now it’s interesting, because you brought up the issue of volatility of revenues, and I make a couple of important points. If you look over the years, revenues don’t really tell a great story. And as a shareholder, if you want a collection of businesses, and if you actually look at our performance, consistency of ROE, and returns and earnings, we’re the most stable. And so it really is about from wide earnings, not revenues. Anyway I don’t know if that helps you or not.
Harvey Schwartz: So I think there’s two things driving. Your first is a question of really strength of franchise. And we’ve had a long, long history of being a dominant player in the prime brokerage business, and I think it really is the value proposition that we offer our clients globally, that is the differential in that business. I think the capital rules, as they come into play and the balance sheet impact of those capital rules in the class has forced a very natural repricing in terms of how much balance sheet we and the industry can provide the clients. And clients are being very judicious about that, but they’re also been making a differentiated judgment about who the best value providers are, and we’re certainly one of those. And so we’re seeing pricing power.
Harvey Schwartz: So, certainly in as we talked about in the past from time-to-time when activity has picked up, I don’t know necessarily, I would call it pricing power as much as I would call it an absence of competition. But certainly in the commodity space several quarters ago, there was a lot of activity where certainly competition, which if you want to call that pricing power, I think of it a little bit differently. But certainly clients were going to engage us differently. And then in the derivative businesses globally, as you’re seeing firms exit parts of the CDS business and other parts of the equity derivative businesses, I think it’s early days, but certainly you’re seeing a reduction in competition, and that translates into pricing power or maybe better said better returns.
Harvey Schwartz: So it’s really two parts we’ve seen some of it in Europe where competition used to be sort of more significant, but also given the requirements around collateral worlds and things like that where you may have at times had marginal participants actually pricing that levels where we would have thought the risk return didn’t make sense. Now you’re seeing more rational and improved pricing I’d say that’s a general trend.
Harvey Schwartz: Sure, great question. And the way the first thing I will emphasize on that question is really the separation between a liability strategy, and potential asset strategy. So these two things are completely separate, but I think it’s natural that people would link them. The online deposit strategy, where we requested approval for the deposit platform that really is all about funding diversification we have spent sometime contemplating building our own platform this platform became available, it seemed attractive and timely for us and for GE. And so, but we would do that independently of any asset driven strategy. Now, in terms of the digitally led lending strategy, which you talked about is not a lot to update you on since we last talked. We’re thrilled to have Harvey on board as our partner, he brings a wealth of knowledge and we feel like there is a handful of reasons why we maybe able to have an impact on this space here. One our real core competencies, and risk management, and technology. And we feel like we maybe able to provide a differentiated product that is accretive to the firms current returns, but it’s going to be slow going obviously, we built lots of business at Goldman Sachs this is a new business. Again it’s great to have Harvey here, because he brings all the expertise’s and when we have more to talk you about we’ll certainly update you, but it’s going to be very deliberate in terms of its development.
Harvey Schwartz: I think it’s too twofold I mean, we have always been very conservative about our liquidity profile and a part of being conservative is about being diversified and so we’re always looking for diversification I’m always looking for cost-effectiveness. But when we think about liability management, again it it’s really about making sure we have the strongest financial footings at any given point of time.
Harvey Schwartz: So, I know you’re asking me question narrowly, but in terms of running those businesses and particularly FICC, it really is multipart. So our client engagements in the businesses that we’re focused on feels quite good. So for example we’re not the biggest emerging markets firm as you know, because we don’t have offices in hundred countries and it’s never been the biggest part of our footprint there are certainly always things that we’re focused on and if you think about our client base, we’re more skewed I think, because we’re not the biggest lender in the globe, we’re more skewed to professional money managers and investors and you saw and you could see their activity moves around. But we feel good about our client engagements and our market shares, but it’s a multi-part question is – it’s not just about clients although they’re the most important part and running these businesses, it really is about margins returns over the long-term.
Harvey Schwartz: Sure, so let’s just maybe step back. So at the end of the second quarter the INL balance sheet was $89 billion and roughly 75% of that is debt related. So the balance really equity related and then it breaks out. But the breakout I gave you last time really was public equities, which were down and they [part 11 1: 41]more or less in line with global markets and they started $4 billion at the quarter and so certainly there was just the path to mark-to-market. And then in private equity the vast majority of the performance that offset the public portfolio was event related and by event related I mean sales, pending sales IPOs. And we really benefited from the idiosyncratic nature of the portfolio. We’re not large for example in some of the hardest hit sectors like energy and that kind of stuff.
Harvey Schwartz: So, on the second part I’d say it’s the trend is improving in terms of rational pricing, but it’s in a market where the client engagement from quarter-to-quarter has been very different right, so we saw it in the first quarter, we saw less in second quarter I think that I would answer the electronic trading question as sort of long-term. The secular trend, which has been in place long before the crisis, that just continues and to some extent is aided by the creation of SEPs and things. This quarter what we’ve seen in the past, what we saw in this quarter where when volatility is quite severe particularly in the equity markets. Clients really look to de-risk or add risk and they tend to trade electronically, so I would say it’s a trend, but I don’t have the specific numbers for you Mike, in terms of the quarter contribution of electronic versus cash, but we can certainly get to that stuff.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, I don’t want to guess on a ballpark, certainly in the third quarter there was a meaningful pick up in electronic activity relative to cash in the equities business and again I don’t want to guess at a number for you Mike, we’ll be happy to get you one.
Harvey Schwartz: So, I’d say balance sheet intensive business is broadly and that really is as firms globally around the world adjust capital requirements and have to be more thoughtful about the marginal deployment of balance sheet. And then other things, that are potentially balance sheet consumers like longer dated derivatives swaps and certainly when commodities has picked up, we have seen circumstances where and this is obviously augmented by the fact that their trading houses have gone through some pretty significant pressure now. What we’re saying reduce competition, but again it’s harder to see it certainly translate through unless the client activity levels are high. I think that’s why we’re seeing this big back and forth swing between a quarter like the first quarter where we had a 14.7% ROE and in this quarter we have a much tougher quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, we saw it more in those two businesses, but it was still challenging obviously for credit markets.
Harvey Schwartz: So, it’s pretty straightforward. Obviously, lots of volatility in Asia, which had an impact on the entire market structure in terms of global market responded. But basically there instead of the shift I talked about earlier, tougher market conditions in Asia and then a shift to electronic activity, which boosted commissions and fees.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, the portfolio did well. As I said, the vast majority of the driver of the performance in the portfolio came from event driven things like IPOs, asset sales. Obviously, the public portfolio suffered with public markets.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. So in terms of the ratios in Advanced and there was a pick up in operational, which impacted and there was a pickup in operational, which impacted the operational, but the real driver in the improvement of the ratios was on harvesting, in general risk reduction and you’re seeing it more in standardized, because obviously there are things that are not eccentric, which impact that more like things like clearing and other things and notional and so that’s why you’re seeing the compression. In terms of geography, it has been pretty much 55% in the U.S. and then the balance is really two-thirds EMEA and one-third Asia.
Harvey Schwartz: So, the two factors that, obviously we rely on most is the backlog, and the pipeline is good. And as I said it was up at the end of the third quarter and then really the most significant information component for us is the level of dialogue that board’s CEOs are having and the dialogue feels quite good. I think it’s always natural for folks to question when the market has been robust, whether there is information content in the actual activity level as peaking and maybe that’s a factor. But when you look at past cycles they’ve been more significantly driven by LBO activity where certainly you can get some market capacity and how much debt can be borrowed and it’s a 100% accurate to note that certainly the cost of financing is a contributor to the transactions that are happening today, but they’re much more strategic and a reflection of slower global growth and how confident CEOs are at this stage. And that could always get disrupted, you can have a market event, but I don’t know necessarily that the aggregate activity levels to-date are the best indicators that they would slow down. If anything, some of these large transactions very naturally have spin-offs and foster other activity across industries. That wouldn’t be the most significant factor we’d look at.
Harvey Schwartz: That’s correct, but so if you get large deals in a sector, it can have a knock on effect and you get spin-offs that can be a leading activity for more activity, but I think in short our indicators tell us that if the current environment continues the level of activity will be high. Again that could always change, a lot of things in the world can shift.
Harvey Schwartz: No, the balance sheet growth, when you cut through it is really all driven by prime brokers’ activity and so is all client driven in terms of client assets that came in during the course of the quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: No actually, you get somebody to fix when people de-lever, actually you can get cash that comes in and actually comes into the balance sheet so client assets can grow partial driver.
Harvey Schwartz: So, no change to the compensation philosophy the 40% at this point a year is our best estimate. And we’ll have to see I can’t predict the outcome for you in terms of where the Roland obviously we’ve spent in number of years really building in pretty significant operating leverage, but we’ll have to see how the year plays out, but we’ll go through our normal bottoms up top down process.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, so all parts of the backlog were up. The biggest part of the backlog, that was up with equity underwriting. And part of that is the markets being more challenges, and challenge in part of the season, but I think that the more important takeaway is less about market influence over the quarter and more about activity levels client confidence, which certainly at times for CEOs would have been tested as we came during the quarter. But the transactions that they’re contemplating are very long-term and strategic. And so I think it speaks more to corporate confidence than anything else.
Harvey Schwartz: So, again it’s just it’s the nature of the portfolio, it won’t always necessarily be this way in the quarter, but there will be opportunities for us to sell assets and in taking company’s public and those kind of things those were usually on a schedule, it usually don’t happen instantaneously they can certainly get delayed by market activity. But I can’t answer the question any better for you than it’s the nature of the portfolio.
Harvey Schwartz: There’s IPOs, private sale they can come in a number of different forms, so there’s certainly transaction that you wouldn’t see the public eye parts of the portfolio are in real estate not really heavy and financials or anything like that not heavy in energy. So that gives you some of the background why maybe the portfolio on it’s surface would have performed better than you might have expected.
Harvey Schwartz: So, the risk reduction again well level said it since we want obviously the risk reduction is pretty significant right RWAs were down a third across ICS, which is vastly, which is mostly FICC and so I think the risk reduction effort, the balance sheet reduction, the cost reduction exercises have been pretty significant. So I don’t think we can be accused of being complacent around the cycle again this is about finding that right balance. If the cycle continues and it stops we’ll continue to evaluate the business that is an ongoing process that never stops. If the cycle picks up then, we will obviously participate and that we can feel good about the competitive environment and our client engagement. Now away from fixed, obviously, we’re doing lots of other things. So, I talked about the fact that we made a number of acquisitions in asset management and that fee-based business continues to grow and be a bigger part of the firm. Obviously, full engagement in IBD and or the merger activity and their performance I think has been stellar. So there’s a lot going on under the hood in terms of reallocating resources. But we are being very disciplined about the fixed business during this part of the cycle, as you would expect us to be.
Harvey Schwartz: That I also think, look, I think if you look at our capital management and the capital we’ve been able to return over the last several years, we’ve been as judicious as we can given the capital rules, and managing the firm in a way to make sure that the financial footings are perfectly solid.
Harvey Schwartz: So, well, I think the big picture, the first thing we’ll do obviously is in any opportunity that we think we can reduce our systemic footprint now that the rule is finalized. Obviously, we would look to do that. I think that’s just good practice. I think the trade-off obviously is whether or not in making those reductions, does that really impact your ability to deliver to clients. Now the rules are finalized. There are certainly things we can do. As you said, we’re not bound currently by our state of capital ratios, CCARs are are constrained, we’ll have to see how CCAR evolves over time, that certainly could be an influence, because it could ultimately reprice the cost of that capital relative to the services we provide. But I think it’s a bit early for that, at least, for us.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, again, I think, one of the – I think one of the things to point out is, if you think about the transformation of the I&L balance sheet over the last several years, it has changed pretty significantly. The composition today, as I said earlier is really 75% debt. And roughly two-thirds of that is HFI accounting, which is just good old-fashioned bank accounting. The balance is equities and if you compare that to, for example, go back to 2011, in 2011, I think the whole portfolio was more than 50% equities. And so the composition of the portfolio has changed significantly. Now, if you’re going to have $4 billion public equity portfolio, which is the result of us monetizing asset out of the portfolio and we’re in a sell-down process, if the markets move around a lot that’s going to move around a lot. And ultimately, if the markets decline for extended periods of time or increase for extended periods, obviously that drives value of underlying assets and it drives activity for all businesses in all industries. But the portfolio composition has changed pretty dramatically over the last several years. And when you talk about the volatility, I can’t help to remind you that over long periods of time, I&L has been a pretty big driver of book value.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. So we obviously consider that I think the most important risk component in the discussion is about the point of actually establishing the investments and that’s a long-term process of being disciplined that has to be the philosophy, so look if we see a number of quarters of back to back declining in market that may be the right time to actually being to put capital to work which is why we run with excess capital and we run with excess liquidity because we want to be there for those opportunities and we want to be there for our client. So we size the risk of the investment at the point of making it. Once you have it you can certainly do things but prudent risk management really is the point of the initial decision.
Harvey Schwartz: There were I mean in advance, we finished the quarter at 570 that was down a little bit. In standardized we finished at 582 which you would expect to be down given the move I gave you in the ratios earlier.
Harvey Schwartz: The big mover was really in markets which in advanced went from 13.6% to kind of 11.9% and Standardized went from 13.7% down to 12.0% and that really is about derisking.
Harvey Schwartz: So we don’t do it that way as other way that we think about it. There’s some seasonality to the business which historically has been the case for the entire industry. As it relates to the compensation ratio from quarter-to-quarter, we just make our best estimates of where we think the performance of the firm is and what the compensation ratio should be. In the fourth quarter we will go through our normal process which again will be firm performance rather than to the businesses and to the individuals and it would top down to bottoms up and we will just have to see where things turn out for the fourth quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: So we’re always looking really at the quarter. We are always looking at ways where we can enhance the client experience and so you know all these acquisitions which I mentioned, they really break down to three large buckets, secular growth opportunities like advisory and in that it was referenced in the – as I said in the Pacific Global Advisors’ acquisition, and those things like new product capabilities where we certainly develop new products internally, but there are times both in demand is better for us and that’s an example, that would be Westpeak and ActiveBeta and then there are times when we just want to scale existing products like money markets and you have seen us do acquisitions in that space. It really is all about – thing about how we can differentiate with our clients. Now from a regulatory capital perspective, we don’t necessarily think about that as much as we think about what is the best way to deploy our capital. Obviously we have to manage our regulatory capital but this is a result of regulatory requirements or anything like that. We will always look at acquisitions or ways to grow or deploy our capital that are long-term accretive for the firm. We want to just to grow obviously those that consume more regulatory capital and those that consume less.
Harvey Schwartz: So it’s not so much that we are targeting a specific level. We cannot – not to target specific levels around things like that, because it is much about the asset footing as it’s about liabilities. In our liability structure, we just like that having a diversified geographic client base, source of liabilities, we just think that’s prudent risk management. When you think about it, it’s all really about where various investors want to provide capital to the firm and so that’s how we think about it. So we haven’t set a target. The reason we don’t set targets and things like that is we always are concerned about building up too much of a warehouse of liquidity, we obviously hold a very significant liquidity cushion at $193 billion. Like you don’t want to feel yourself getting pressed into deploying those liabilities, you don’t want the liabilities to drive your asset strategy, you want your liabilities to inform it and you want to have diversified safe funding.
Harvey Schwartz: It could be over time I don’t think in terms of the online deposit I don’t see a huge cost advantage there. Again it’s all maybe about how can we deploy that funding into the asset opportunities.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. Hi Kian. I’m sorry you must’ve missed it what I was saying before was our exposure whether it’s lending or through any derivatives or counterparty exposure to the trading entities is less than $200 million today.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes correct that’s for the trading out. Again they often intend to position us as more as competitors than clients.
Harvey Schwartz: We have a long history obviously managing counterparty exposure, which has been tested through pretty volatile markets and again the most important decision made at any point in time is when you establish that credit line it’s really no different than lending, but obviously the dynamics are different. And we have a very diligent marking policy and we monitor collateral calls very vigilantly as you would imagine. And obviously as sectors are weaker you’re very thoughtful about it, but when we make these decisions over long-term we have lot of experience doing it.
Harvey Schwartz: So, again, I don’t have great visibility into the competitors. I would say, I do think there are two obvious things which I talked about before. We’re not at big in emerging markets, again, we don’t have a footprint in hundreds of offices and we’re not a big lender to corporate. Our competitors are much greater lenders than we are. And so that certainly can influence your client base. In terms of macro, I think, you are wrong about that. And certainly, in commodities, we’ve had a long history being commodities and it feels now like we’re bigger in commodities as the number competitors have pulled away from the business. That – those are the effects I would give you in terms of what I can say. In terms of things we’re trying to do, we feel pretty good about the diversified business. I mean, if you think about the course of the year to be sitting here basically nearly flat revenues with our fee-based business is picking up activity, which is compensating for our capital intensive parts of the firm, which you would expect to be more challenged in this kind of market environments. If you look at end of the day when you adjust for legacy costs, we’re nearly a 12% ROE. I know the business grows pretty diversified.
Harvey Schwartz: I think a lot of the peers have different footings, some are more domestic, some are more emerging-market base, I think the comparables are harder. Again look, take a look at the first quarter. In the first quarter, the way you look at it, we would have outperformed all the peers, that’s information for us. But we’re not going to steer the business in a different direction, because of that we’re not going to over steer it [Technical Difficulty] their revenues on the surface would greater than ours. We’re always going to look ways to improve the business. So that you should just incorporate by reference.
Harvey Schwartz: Since there are no more questions, I’d like to take a moment to thank all of you for joining this call. Hopefully, I and other members of the senior management will see many of you in the coming months. If any additional questions arise, please don’t hesitate to reach out to Dane, otherwise enjoy the rest of your day, and look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. Take care, everyone.
