Glenn Schorr: First question is a follow-up on your comments on the balance sheet reduction. I'm just curious for any type of example of a low-ROA business that doesn't have a broader client implication that's helping reduce the gross balance sheet. I'm assuming it's something in repo land, but just more interested in learning.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, I get that. Maybe we could switch over to I&L for a second, and you mentioned the results have been great now for 8 quarters. I'm curious on the double-edged sword of the markets continuing to do better and the environment's good, produces good revenues, but we still have that little shadow hanging over us. It's a good shadow, but $9 billion or so in Goldman capital in the Investing & Lending function that eventually has to work its way out. Good environment to work its way out, but I don't know if you could provide any update on the asset side of what's in equity, debt and lending buckets, how much of the $9 billion you've worked through and maybe if you're working towards July of '15 or July '17, because I know we don't know those rules yet.
Glenn Schorr: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess the no big change is just a function of markets keep moving higher, so your assets grow with it. So you sell some, but it goes off. Okay, I got that.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Glenn, thanks for dialing in. So as I said, we started this exercise as we got basically increasing feedback on role, effectively, that balance sheet was going to play. And one of the significant inputs into the process, obviously, was CCAR. And so the way we approached it and one of the good things about working with the balance sheet is this notion, and I'm oversimplifying it, but you can effectively sort your balance sheet by return on asset, low to high. Now that doesn't mean necessarily that all low-ROA activities can be taken down. But in this case, it seemed like we had some opportunities that, as I said, would allow us to comply with the rules and give us a lot more flexibility. One example would be the matched book, which, of the $56 billion reduction in the quarter, came down $25 billion approximately.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So it's a great question. So in terms of how we think about the process in terms of complying with the rule, first, let me remind you, this capital, obviously, sits alongside our clients, in funds that our clients are co-investing with us in. So we're harvesting it at a pace that obviously makes sense for those funds and the performance associated with those funds. I won't go through all the numbers, because they haven't moved so materially since the last time I gave you an update. But on the last call, when I walked you through basically a waterfall of flows, the number ended up being roughly $9 billion. Now that was based on the January numbers. If you look at kind of midyear, we're at an $8 billion number now, give or take.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So I mean, with respect to the capital, the reality is that as it comes off, we have the flexibility deploying that capital in any way that we think is in the best interest of our clients and the firm, or obviously, we can look to return it. And that will be opportunity-driven in the franchise.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So in terms of the SLR ratio, on the last call, we were at 4.3%, and then you have to make some adjustments. During the course of the quarter, you probably saw that we issued $2 billion in preferred. That adds 10 basis points to the ratio. That gets you to 4.4%. Balance sheet and other basic actions we took during the quarter gets you up to 4.5%. And again, an important fact on this is the one you mentioned earlier. As the capital comes out of the funds, which is punitive from the standpoint of the significant financial institutions deduction, that has to come out, obviously, before you have to be in compliance with the supplementary leverage ratio in 2018. When you do that math, we're north of 5%.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So as I said, the impact, de minimis, and that has a lot to do with how we approach this. So at the beginning of the quarter, when we began this exercise, as a management team, we didn't pick $860 billion as a hard-line target. This is a very iterative process that we go through. We set multiple targets. And just to give you a real sense, our initial target, we basically said, look, let's work down to an $875 billion level. And as we went through it, we realized that there was more capacity in terms of our ability to build in efficiencies and still work with clients and really no impact at the margin. But importantly, as I said before, this allows us to comply with the rules. And again, builds in flexibility in terms of how we deploy capital. In terms of how we go forward, our process will continue the same way. There won't be hard targets to get down, and we'll just continue to reassess.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So I mean, just for clarity purposes, obviously, the debt line has interest income in it. The equity line has equity positions. To give you some sense of how we look at it in terms of the underlying quality of the portfolio, if you look at the performance in the equity line this quarter, give or take, about 2/3 of the performance was driven by IPOs, other event-related activity in terms of the quarter. And so what you're seeing is the strength of the portfolio as we work through it. In terms of predicting the pace, obviously, some of that is driven by market conditions, but that's really about how these entities are run ultimately within the funds, and the performance has been good. And again, I know there's always some skepticism about the future performance, but as I pointed out, when you look at the last 8 quarters, it's been pretty steady. So we'll see how it goes over time, but the quality of the portfolio feels good.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So why don't we just start with the Advisory business? I mean, I think if, when we were doing this call a year ago, there was a lot of concern or question around, look, almost -- for lack of better language, will M&A ever come back? And now we sit here in an environment where there's lots of activity. And maybe in retrospect, sitting here, that doesn't look surprising because as sentiment shift and CEOs get more confident and global economic activity stabilizes, starts to grow, you start to see it. For us, during the slower part of the cycle, the slower part of the cycle was really aimed at making sure that we stayed connected with our clients. And I think you see it in some of the statistics. For transactions greater than $1 billion, we are in 60 of the transactions out of 175, and that's, give or take, roughly a 35% market share. And as I mentioned on the call, our market shares have continued to grow on a relative basis during this. Now when you think about other parts of the Investment Banking set and you think about debt, this was a big discussion again we had last year. I remember we hit a record in debt performance in the first quarter of last year, and there were a lot of questions about whether that's sustainable. So I think as economic growth continues to improve globally, the opportunity for Goldman Sachs to provide advice to our clients, capital to our clients, I think it feels pretty good, but it will be environment-driven. But it seems like there's some capacity from here.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So the business has been a strategic growth focus for us for a number of years. We've taken a number of steps in that business, and this goes back multiple years, to really improve performance. And what you're seeing is you're seeing quality of performance, which is now driving pretty significant inflows and growth into the business. In terms of acquisitions, our philosophy on this is pretty straightforward. If we believe it's accretive to the business and we can provide value to our clients, we'll consider them. I mean, largely, what you've seen us do are bolt-ons. I mentioned the Deutsche Bank Stable Value business. That follows an acquisition we did a couple of years ago, and that's about building scale in a space where we feel we can provide value.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So in terms of the quarter, as we all saw in the beginning of the quarter, there were some pretty negative forecasts related to kind of general client activity across Fixed Income and Equities. As the quarter went along and investors felt more comfortable, certainly, post the actions of rate policy announcements out of Europe, there was a more significant pickup in activity. I would say that relative to historical markets, volumes, and clearly, you're seeing it in volatility levels, really feel like they're bottoming a bit. But activity improved across the business broadly.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Okay, so why don't we start with Institutional Client Services? So we obviously have a very long history in these businesses, and one of the things we benefit from is the diversification of the business, so currencies, commodities, interest rates, by the way, also the leadership position we have in equities, client brokerage, derivatives. And our ability to commit capital has always been a defining characteristic for our clients. And so we feel that our competitive position now, relative to the rest of the market, it feels to us like it's a pretty good position. And so we'll have to see it evolves. We've seen pockets of areas where, when volatility has picked up, and I've talked about it in the last quarter, for example, in commodities, as far as we could tell, it felt like there was some kind of advantage, given our commitment and long history in the business, when the markets were volatile. But these are pretty quiet markets, as we discussed, some of the most historically low levels of volatility that we've ever seen. But the competitive position, when we think about our people, ability to hire, the talent, it feels strong.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Sure. So as I mentioned, the largest part of the growth in the backlog was in the announced, and obviously, we're extremely active in terms of our position in the marketplace. These transactions, as you know, they can take 6 to 9 months to close. Lots of the transactions we've seen have either been cross-border or they've had a debt component, and so there are a variety of different hedging elements that will go on associated with those transactions where we're providing advice. In general, those corresponding activities tend to happen around closure also, not in all cases, but for the most part, given the fact that there's always uncertainty about whether the transaction will be completed.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. Again, as I said, the backlog growth, which is the highest it's been since 2007, the backlog growth quarter-over-quarter really was driven by M&A and the announced transactions.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So it's a great question. If you look back in history in periods of rising interest rates, it's all very contextual. A lot of it depends on the base that you're coming from and whether or not the market was expecting or not expecting the move in the first place. In the end, it all relates back to is the rise in interest rates something that is a stimulus to activity, so we don't see inflation in the forecast. If you had rising rates as a result of inflation, and you had -- or struggling unemployment, I think generally speaking, that would be bad for activity. But in an environment where it's more of a return to normal, and we've been at such managed low levels for so long, but a normal environment with good, solid, stable economic growth, that may bode well for client activity. But again, it's all going to be activity-based.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So the 43% that you've seen this quarter, the first half of the year and actually, the first half of last year, for this quarter, obviously, it's our best estimate of where we think we are. We're reviewing it every quarter. Last year, you started to see some of the benefits maybe earlier than we have in the past versus -- in third quarter versus fourth quarter, just because of the cost savings that we had built into the enterprise. And so we'll continue to evaluate it every quarter.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. So I have it at 4.3%, 4.4%, 4.5%, but there's a rounding in there, too, right, so when you go back and forth.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, we don't -- again, from that perspective, we feel like we have more than enough capital adequacy and certainly more than enough liquidity in the balance sheet to support those franchise activities. This really was directly correlated to, basically, information that we've gained from the discussions around supplementary leverage ratio. And as I said, a significant factor is CCAR.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes, so the way they generally work is if we're committing to a financing, if we're left lead, then those show up as either unfunded commitments, or if they become funded, they show up as funded commitments. That's correct.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So in terms of the capital, I'll make a couple of points as it comes out. So obviously, we run a very large asset management business, and those clients can participate in that, as I mentioned, as they wish. So obviously, we run a very big alternatives business aside from the capital that's in these funds. Also remember, we can invest those dollars in other Volcker-compliant funds for our clients, and we can offer them those options. We can also co-invest with them in Volcker-approved structures, so there's enough flexibility where certainly, we feel like we can respond and deliver to our clients' needs.
Harvey M. Schwartz: If you want to -- there certainly are as the capital moves around. But if you want to follow up with Dane and the team later, we can break down for you a bit how the alternatives asset line actually moves in terms of activities that we're being asked to exit and those that are growing side by side.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So that's a great question, Mike. So in terms of the balance sheet, again, we're going to continue to reassess as we go forward. Standing here today, there certainly may be some room, but as we approach the third quarter, there are no strategic initiatives at this stage. But I would expect it to be around this area, but we'll see how things evolve. Again, it's going to be very much client-driven. In terms of the metrics, I think this is a great example of when we're complying with the various metrics, some are risk-based, and those are less -- those like the leverage ratio or leverage tests, are, by definition, not risk-based. And so the reason why you're not seeing a corresponding meaningful reduction in RWAs and you actually saw an increase in our Basel III advanced ratio from 11.3% to 11.4% is because this really is in response to those non-risk-based measures.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So it's hard for me to see across the industry in terms of how it's accelerating. It feels like it may come off the bottom a bit, but I guess I would say the following, which is an important takeaway. So lending for us has always been an important component of how we provide strategic capital to our clients. Obviously, predominantly, our corporate clients and obviously an important component of our private wealth business, we don't target loan growth. Again, these activities, while well collateralized, particularly, for example, in private wealth, while well collateralized, again, this is risk-based capital, and so the way we manage it is through a limit process and through an individual approval process. And so we'd be pretty reluctant to target loan growth.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, I said I don't have great view into the industry. It's been growing for us over the past year when you look at it, and we've just seen opportunities to work with our clients more closely, so we've been extending more capital. I don't have great view into the industry.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So I got to say, Mike, actually, I don't think a quarterly call would feel complete for me if you and I didn't have this discussion. So I think we should plan to have it next quarter, and if we need to, we should have it the quarter after that. I don't mean to be glib, but I do enjoy the discussion. So how are we thinking about capital? And you're right. We're getting increasing clarity. In terms of our strategic priorities over the last several years, we've been focused on a number of things, most importantly, obviously, growing the franchise. And you're seeing pretty significant growth in areas where there's activity: Advisory services, Investment Management. Obviously, we've seen more headwinds in other areas where there's been low volatility. But the most important thing is our focus on our clients. The second thing is about building, and we've talked about this a lot, operating leverage into the business so that we're positioned to grow returns when the environment improves and continues to improve. And so we're going through all these steps. In terms of returns in absolutes, we're being disciplined about how we deploy the balance sheet. You saw some of that this quarter. And in the end, Mike, look, we just aspire for better returns. In this environment, you've seen us do, give or take, 11% for 2.5 years, but we continue to look to aspire for better returns. And I think maybe the balance sheet this quarter, even though it's just 1 quarter, taking it down $56 billion, I think that's a good example of some of the steps we're taking.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, I don't know. My crystal ball has never been quite good on these things, but we could certainly have a discussion around -- if volatility picked up and you saw activity levels, I think that the future will be what it will be. Again, what we try to do during this period where it's been so much lower is find the right balance. And by balance, I mean protecting our client franchise, at the same time, building these efficiencies. And look, I think when you look at it over the cycle, I think our returns, on a relative basis, they look pretty good. They've been superior.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, so there's 2 things here. One is obviously as we review capital needs around the globe, in this particular quarter, we made an election to permanently reinvest capital. But it's also earnings-mix-driven. And so in terms of the capital needs, I think you should treat that as a one-time event. Earnings mix will be what it'd be, driven by client activity around the globe.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So again, the 11.4% was the transitional and 10.9%, and fully phased-in would be 9.8% and 9.3% -- sorry, 9 -- yes.
Harvey M. Schwartz: There's the transitional ratio and then there's the fully phased. And so when I went through it, I just misspoke. I apologize.
Harvey M. Schwartz: All right. So well I think in terms of the aggregate, as we come into the third and fourth quarter, our new analysts will be coming on board, so you should expect that year-end headcount will continue to come up a little bit. We've been very focused on the pyramid, as we referred to it, over the last several years, and also simultaneously investing in those areas that have been growing, like asset management. And Gary spoke about this at a recent conference, if you take Fixed Income as an example over the last couple of years, headcount has been down roughly 10%. And so it's very business-specific-driven in terms of how we're adjusting the resources.
Harvey M. Schwartz: That's about right. And also I would say, in general, we feel pretty comfortable in terms of how the global business is right-sized at this stage.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. I was talking more about -- I'm glad you asked me to clarify. I was talking more about post-2008, when we normally get sort of a, call it, every other year, series of retirements of partners, many people elected to delay what otherwise were retirement plans. They just felt like they needed to be here. And so we've just seen some acceleration of that, but it's been fully expected.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So obviously, we can't predict future CCAR results, and so that's difficult to assess. I think when you think about how any firm, certainly Goldman Sachs, needs to manage capital in an environment of multiple constraints, it's about finding the right place to comply with the rules, and at the same time, building maximum flexibility, so you can be there for your clients when they need you to be. And when you have excess capital, be in a position to return it. And that's what all these exercises are about.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So the way I would think about it is, less figuring out a target in terms of capital flexibility and the CCAR process, because again, we don't have much visibility, we don't know what next year's test is going to look like. The key driver of the exercise is the dialogue we have with clients as we undertake it. And so as we work through that process and we feel the capacity is there, then obviously, it's the more efficient way to deploy our capital. And so we'll see how future CCAR tests go, but look, certainly having more capacity in terms of flexibility is preferred, but again, the key driver is going to be how our clients -- what our clients need from our balance sheet. And as I said earlier, in this case, we're able to reduce the $25 billion out of the matched book.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Okay. So that number is driven by the aggregate. And so that number, again, is a different number versus the $8 billion that is still in funds but isn't yet public, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So that includes, for example, that includes assets that are already taken public but are still sitting in the funds and they're working through the sell-down process. And just remind me, what was your second question, Fiona? I'm sorry.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. So we're staying very focused on non-comp. As you know, several years ago, we went through an exercise to take out roughly $2 billion of cost out of the enterprise. At this stage, we continue to stay very focused on it, but there hasn't been any material movement.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Okay. So let's back up and let's just take history into context a bit. In FICC, and actually in Equities, the advancements in technology, if you will, we would say that's been a secular change that's been in place for well, well over a decade. And whether it was in Equities where, back in what some people call the good old days, you have $0.06, $0.065 commissions, which collapsed with electronification and decimalization and other rules that the regulators put in place, I don't remember, actually, Gary's explicit comments about TRACE, but I think his point was that when technology first gets adapted, there's an adjustment process that goes through. Now if you look at it over multiple years, I think our experience with TRACE would be similar to the experience we saw in the government bond market with Tradeweb, and the same as I described with Equities where you go through a market adjustment period, but for example, in our, in TRACE, again, I don't remember exactly Gary's comments, but I think he was mostly speaking about the high-yield market when it first came onboard. At first, when TRACE came onboard, I think it was actually disruptive to liquidity. That was the feedback we got from clients. But then as the market adjusted, over time, we actually found that our leverage finance and high-yield franchise got stronger. Now I could give you a whole host of examples like that. Again, the government bond market, when we started trading government bonds on Tradeweb, everyone said that business was over, just like, by the way, they said the same thing when the euro was created. And over time, these businesses have generally -- we've been in a position where we've been able to provide more value to our clients, enhance liquidity to our clients. Now in terms of the last couple of years, obviously, the regulators have been quite effective, and I think they deserve a lot of credit for deploying clearing. We're in the early stages of swap execution facilities. It's not our sense that those things have been headwinds for the business. This has really been much more climate-driven in terms of the low volatility, but it's something we stay quite focused on.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. So I think the simple question are we full, we'll assess it as we go forward. You also saw in the quarter that we launched a tender for trust preferreds, which is capital that under the Basel rules didn't qualify. And so you should think of this as adjusting in terms of -- again, in complying in response to the regulation, so trust preferreds aren't considered valuable capital and so you'll see preferreds come into the mix.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. We'll continue to evaluate it and we'll see how we proceed. But again, this is all part of our capital planning and consistent with our CCAR plan, so...
Harvey M. Schwartz: Okay. So as you mentioned, there are a number of constraints, mostly risk-based, right? CCAR, Basel III, standardized -- I'm sorry, advanced, standardized, a bit mix, but also risk-based, and then non-risk-based, which is the bucket I would put the leverage ratio or leverage test into. In terms of the supplementary leverage ratio, because we would agree with you, based on the Basel III advanced and standardized, lots of capacity at this stage. So let's begin honing on the supplementary leverage ratio. A couple of factors. Again, we haven't seen the final rule, so we'll have to see the final rule in the context of the denominator. We don't have to fully comply until 2018 and so the reason I give you the natural adjustment that will happen in terms of the $9 billion coming out of funds is because it's such a tax on the current capital position. And so as that comes out, you can see the flexibility. Now because we haven't seen the final rule, we haven't really taken any steps to mitigate it. As you know, our policy is to see the final rule, and when we see the final rule or have some very strong sense of the final rule, then we're willing to look at how we should comply. Now how do we do that? And we've talked about this in the past, but we'll, we begin, again, by providing tools to the businesses, and then as a leadership group, we figure out the best way to deliver capital to our clients, and at the same time, comply with the rules. Now CCAR obviously as an annual test, last year for us, was a binding constraint. And so you'll see us adjust there as we can as well.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So it's $56 billion in total, roughly $25 billion out of the matched book. It was various back-and-forth items in terms of just basically things, as I said, mostly secured client financings, client cash, things like that.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Correct. And so when I say that we haven't taken any steps to comply with those rules, we're going to wait until we see the final rules on that before we really begin to address that. That really has to do with credit derivatives and the way various maturities are treated.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So compression trades have obviously picked up over the last, call it, year or so within the industry. But again, in terms of addressing that item, we really want to see the final rule before we take any steps.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes, I didn't include that in the numbers today. We're not -- it's not 100% clear to us that in the final rule, SACCR is going to be a component. It's no different than it was. I did mention it on the last call, but again...
Harvey M. Schwartz: But again, I don't think we should necessarily -- we don't want to count things that aren't necessarily, we think, in the final rule. So we're just giving you kind of the mark-to-market on this today, and then we can give you adjustments because we know that other capital has to come out of the funds. So those are things we know. But if it does come to fruition, it's 10 or 15 basis points also.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So when you -- so our alternative performance has been strong also. What you're seeing is the mix of the harvesting versus areas like fund-of-funds. And Dane and the team can give you a breakdown on sort of how those flows, but you can see the growth there also.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes, it's a good question. So obviously, we have no visibility into our competitors' strategies and certainly how they're thinking about CCAR. I think that a lot's been written about the repo markets. Certainly, our $25 billion reduction in the matched book had no marginal impact in terms of the repo market, but I think this will be interesting to watch how it evolves because, as mentioned earlier, large banks have multiple constraints. Each bank will address their constraints, in they think the way that's most impactful for their clients. That's how we approached it. And so we'll have to see how it evolves in terms of, ultimately, if all firms adopted this strategy, what impact that has on liquidity and how liquidity gets provided, but it's very early in that.
Harvey M. Schwartz: You can see in the insurance line in the expense base, and then if you check the earnings release, I think we have the detail there. But the reinsurance revenues for the first half of last year were roughly $315 million, I think, $317 million to be specific, but we can give you the full number. But Dane can follow through on the insurance reserves that came out. When you actually look at it, 6 months to 6 months, year-over-year, when you look at that sale, basically, revenues are pretty much flat year-to-year. We replaced that with, obviously, other activity in the franchise.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So in terms of our prime services business, that franchise feels incredibly strong to us in terms of its differentiating characteristics. In terms of performance, that'll be driven by a number of factors: balances, the degree to which market participants are short and borrow stock. And so I think it just really reflects the current environment.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, definitely not. Definitely nothing in the franchise. As I said, the franchise feels quite good. Part of that business is about lending stock into short positions and sourcing short positions. And in this kind of marketplace, where it's been steadily rising and you have lower conviction, you don't see as much of that performance. But the franchise feels quite good.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Right. So we did $1.25 billion, as I mentioned, in the quarter. And so -- again, one of the things in terms of the way we approach the capital planning is we really don't want our folks and our investors to think of stock repurchase as a dividend. So one of the things we don't do is we don't announce our stock repurchase capacity at the beginning of the year because we treat it dynamically, it'll be environment-driven. In this particular part of the environment where you see our capital ratios are very high, we just felt like we're in a position to return that capital, and that will be our philosophy going forward.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes, so when we came off the Basel III parallel run, we didn't -- we weren't asked to make any significant adjustments to up risk capital. It hasn't moved materially quarter-over-quarter, but we will continue to assess it, and the extent to which we have isolated events and we take reserves, it will impact it accordingly.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, I think if you were to look back 1 year ago, and I think it was May 22 in 2013, the initial announcements of tapering came out. I think you -- look, I think you have to consider it a pretty extraordinary success in terms of the way the Federal Reserve has navigated that announcement and the process and the way the market has responded to it. There was obviously some initial volatility because there was some uncertainty on what tapering means. Our sense is that it's been executed quite well. The market understands it. The communication has been good. And so, in a sense, I don't want to say anything is always fully baked in, but I think the market has adjusted to the notion of tapering and so there's not a lot of new information in it for the market to adjust to. Now of course, that's always in the context of what's happening in the global economy and political events and everything else, and so there's always other factors. But I think, narrowly defined, I think we'd call tapering a success.
Harvey M. Schwartz: It's a factor. There are a number of factors. I think sentiment, global growth, what happens with volatilities and trends are bigger, but it's always -- it certainly is a factor.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So obviously, we've had a long commitment to our European business. And as they work through the geographic regions associated with their part of the crisis, certainly, we've seen opportunities to work very closely with clients. I think the shift from, as you -- we would call it and you would call it, bank-related financing, the debt capital markets, is something that's underway. But that's certainly, I think, a long-term trend and so we'll see it evolve over many years. Now where you have seen, obviously, a huge amount of immediately picked up activity across Europe, was basically in the equity capital markets. We obviously rank #1 there, but the amount of capital raised was pretty extraordinary in the quarter, over $180 billion, 600 [ph] deals in the first half of the year alone. And so there's a lot of activity in Europe.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So as I mentioned, quarter-over-quarter, the bigger mover was in Equities, and that was a combination of volatility and risk coming down. When you look across it, most of the movement in the quarter, when you look across the various asset classes, was more volatility-driven, again corresponding with the extremely low vol levels that we've talked about.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. So again, this is this important distinction between those regulatory measures that deal with things that are risk-based, like the Basel III rules, and those things that are not risk-based or not as much risk-based, like leverage tests. And so this was really, as I said, not risk-based parts of the balance sheet, low ROA portions of the balance sheet like the matched book.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So as we've talked about in the past, we have a target of 9.5%, we're running at an 11.4% level, so clearly, we feel like we have more than enough capital capacity to deploy that capital. And so we feel like we have a lot of flexibility at this stage to respond to our clients' needs. In terms of future CCAR tests, we'll see how they go.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So in terms of our position, obviously, we've been participating in some large significant transactions, and the more that you see -- the more you see financing driven by advisory activity or merger activity, given our role in that marketplace, you'd expect us to be more significantly involved. Now obviously, the debt business has been a very important business to Goldman Sachs for a number of years. Historically, we haven't been the most aggressive lender certainly, we haven't felt the risk return in terms of that activity. But you know, in the most important transactions, where content and execution are at a premium, we've done a pretty good job of staying involved. We won't always be, but we've done a pretty good job. In terms of -- I mean, you're talking specifically about the leverage finance rules. Again, a bit of a work in progress. Obviously, a very significant focus for the regulators. I think this is one of these things where the market, over time, will find its way in terms of those clients that want to use significant leverage. But at this stage, I think the whole market and the industry is sort of adjusting and working its way through. I think at this stage, it hasn't -- it certainly hasn't impacted people's ability to get transactions done in the way they want to get them done.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So as we've talked about, we feel like we have significant operating leverage from here. Maybe the best way to characterize that, it's a bit of a blunt metric, but if you look at our compensation ratio, call it, post-crisis versus pre-crisis, it's been averaging 900 basis points lower. And so it's a pretty significant change in the cost structure of the firm in terms of the steps that we've taken, and yet when you, and I think this is really important to underscore, when you look at our results and you look at our relative position in M&A, or as mentioned, in the debt activity or certainly in equity, our performance in Institutional Client Services or the growth in asset management, we've been able to achieve all that simultaneously. And that's with certain of our businesses, particularly Equities and Fixed Income, really in a low vol kind of a headwind-oriented environment. And so if we went through a period where we saw revenue tailwinds, we feel like we're well-positioned in terms of our clients and the franchise, and certainly, there's meaningful upside in terms of operating leverage.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So certainly, no targets yet. We want to see, again, the final rule. And again, I think the regulators have done a very thoughtful thing here. In terms of the compliance, given there's a multi-year compliance glide path, if you will, to 2018, we haven't set a target yet. When we see the final rule, we'll work with it, like we have with all the other rules, and then we'll eventually have a target that we'll manage to. As I said earlier, without really taking significant steps, right now, when you add up all the math, the preferred, the balance sheet exercise, and obviously, the capital that will come out from the significant financial institution deduction, we see ourselves achieving something that's in excess of 5%, but there's no target set yet.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So I think we have the flexibility, I don't know necessarily that -- again, we'll see the final rule. I don't know necessarily whether it will be a preferred, to use that language, our preferred approach in terms of complying with the rule.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I believe we have the capacity. But again, that would be also something that any firm would have to work through with their CCAR plan, et cetera, right? We're just talking about capital management outside of CCAR, right? So we're being very specific now.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So in the end, it's going to be economic growth. And look, I agree with you, we've come off a very low level in terms of economic growth and it's positive. But economic growth in the long-term is really what's going to drive sentiment and sentiment will drive activity and not all businesses participate in sentiment in the same way. Again, we've seen a big sentiment shift year-over-year in terms of the way CEOs are thinking about merger advisory activity. Hard to tell when that sentiment shift will change in terms of driving more position changes in terms of the way people think about their portfolios. We'll see.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So again, since there are no more questions, I and the team, we just want to thank all of you for joining the call. Hopefully, we'll get to talk to you, and myself and other members of management will get to see you in the coming months. Of course, if there are any additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to Dane. Otherwise, everyone, enjoy the rest of your day, and look forward to speaking with you on the next call. Take care.
Matthew D. O'Connor: Can you talk a bit about some of the ancillary businesses or business that you get from M&A and the timing of that? So obviously, we've had a lot of announced M&A, and I guess I usually think about the ancillary business occurring closer towards when the deals are actually completed. But just kind of a broader conversation, if you could talk a bit about the other businesses you get from the deals.
Matthew D. O'Connor: Okay. And then just a bigger picture question on rising rates on the Fixed Income businesses. I guess in the old days, people used to think rising rates are bad for investment banks because they hold all this inventory, and you get marks on the way up. Although a higher rate environment, once you get there, might be better for activity. But I've noticed that for the industry overall, the inventory levels have come down pretty significantly versus a year ago. So I'm just wondering how you think about -- if we can split it, like the impact of rising rates as it's occurring versus once you get to a higher level.
Matthew D. O'Connor: Okay. And then just lastly, on the comp ratio, you have historically done adjustments in the back half of the year, usually, in the fourth quarter. And I think last year, you did some in the third quarter as well. And just if you could comment on that, especially in light of the -- I think the FICC trading comps are pretty easy in the third quarter a year ago, but how, when we put it all together, think about the comp ratio at the back half of the year.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then if we assume all of Volcker-noncompliant $8 billion goes away, that's what gets you to above the 5%.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just lastly, as the Volcker-noncompliant rolls off and you're using the capital to reinvest elsewhere, I'm thinking about the fact that your clients have been involved with you on these noncompliant Volcker assets because they are alternatives. They are giving you, potentially, uncorrelated risks -- uncorrelated returns, I'm sorry, and that there's certain elements of this that might look akin to alternative investments. I'm just wondering what the strategy plan is for increasing your offerings in that area of asset management business.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Yes, I get that. I'm just thinking there's some opportunity to expand the offerings even further.
Steven J. Chubak: So I just wanted to kick things off with, actually, a big picture FICC-related question. So shortly after Basel III and Dodd-Frank, at a number of investor conferences, you guys highlighted, I suppose, the potential opportunity for FICC industry fee growth in the context of the paradigms, let's call it, of FX and equity electronification, suggesting that we could actually see some improvement in the revenue backdrop. And I thought it was quite telling where, flash forward to the Bernstein Conference last month, I felt as though your comments, as well as Gary's, were a bit more measured on the long-term outlook. And Gary specifically highlighted some challenges to FICC digitization, and relating to that, he even made some explicit references to TRACE. And the TRACE experience, I guess, in my mind, is more of a cautionary tale where you saw really meaningful spread compression in terms of corporate bond pricing and only a modest volume improvement, resulting in a net revenue decline. So we're now 4 years into the adjustment process within FICC, and I'm wondering whether your fundamental outlook for the FICC industry has changed, and more specifically, whether we should even read into Gary's explicit references to TRACE in the context of your views on FICC.
Steven J. Chubak: And then shifting gears and moving on to preferred issuance and your capital structure. So you noted that you had issued $2 billion in the preferreds in the quarter, and to my knowledge, you're the only universal bank which is actually at the 150-basis-point RWA target that's contemplated under Basel III, which -- I guess I can interpret it 2 different ways: either you've taken advantage of the cheap cost of issuing, perhaps, in the current backdrop and have no intention of tapping the market anytime soon; or, in an effort to cover the current SLR shortfall, which currently exists, you actually plan on issuing additional prefs from here in order to optimize your capital structure. I was hoping you could at least explain what's driving the preferred issuance plans going forward.
Steven J. Chubak: Okay. And then just one last one for me on the topic of, I guess, the term that we've used internally is bindingness, but the need for U.S. SIFIs to manage to the multiple binding capital constraints that you had talked about earlier. And as far as we can tell, there's 4 constraints that really seem to matter. So you have the 2 risk-based targets, advanced and standardized, and clearly, you screen quite well in those metrics. Separately, we look at CCAR. And clearly, you've been able to support outsized payouts over the last couple of years while getting past the stress test. And then, lastly, we have the SLR. And your comments indicated that you could -- that pro forma, I suppose the reduction in the Basel III deductions to financial institutions, that you'll be just above the 5%. But when looking at required capital levels, it looks as though it's actually going to be highest under the SLR. And while I don't want to ask you for, once again, for an explicit ROE target, I wanted to get a sense as to how you're thinking about the relevant binding constraints and how you plan on -- whether you plan on optimizing your capital position based on the 4 that, I guess, I had just mentioned.
