Marty Chavez: So, Christian, client activity was the major driver of the year-on-year increase. The vol spike, particularly at the beginning of February was a positive contributor to the Equities’ P&L, but again client activity was the major driver and it would have been a strong quarter without the long volatility benefits. The environment lined up well for our franchise as you know, we’ve got franchise diversified across the products and geographies and really in the quarter, we saw the benefits of that.  The performance was strong across flow and structured products, across cash and derivatives, across geographies, and all the business lines when delta derivatives and prime there was really broad based improvement where the volatility created a robust market-making backdrop and the clients were active and we executed well.  You referenced the growth initiatives and of course our investments in Equities growth is an important part of those initiatives. It’s – you also referenced Bloomberg Trade Book which brought on 1300 new clients and that’s got some revenue runrate associated with it and we’ve been onboarding low touch and quant clients in connection with the new product services and platforms we’ve been developing.  It’s early days in that onboarding, but also important to note that these offerings, electronic trading tools, analytics are valuable not just to the quant and systematic clients, but to our traditional clients as well. Bottom-line, the franchise does well when clients are active. 
Marty Chavez: Our initial read of the notices of proposed rulemaking from the Fed last week, I’ll start with ESLR, it’s clear from the rule – the proposed rule that SLR is likely to return to its intended purpose originally which was serving as a back stop to the risk-based requirements as opposed to being in itself a binding requirement.  While it seems likely that SLR will be less binding, we are of course still going to consider it holistically in our approach to capital allocation generally perhaps with the less – lesser weight. Of course, we will see how it’s going to evolve and all of this has to – how the businesses evolve and responses that we make in demand from the clients is a dynamic process.  As for the stress capital buffer proposal, also last week, we are not surprised by it. It’s been well highlighted and outlined by the Fed in multiple conversations with the market, as well as white papers and we are supportive of the Fed’s stated goal which is to simplify the capital framework and connect the stress capital and spot requirements.  The regulator has also been very clear that it is a proposal and that they are open to feedback and they are inviting the feedbacks and we will take all of that under advisement as they works through finalizing the rules.  Based on the proposal, we would expect stress capital buffer to be the binding constraint and we will continue what we’ve been doing for a long time now which is dynamically allocating our scarce resources, optimizing under all of these constraints as they evolve with the goal always of growing the franchise driving returns. We have a history of responding to new constraints and we’ll continue to do that. 
Marty Chavez: Chris, and I encourage you to think of the recent level of expenses as indicative of the future level, given our commitment to growth and the growth initiatives that we have outlined that we are executing on. But having said that, of course, our commitments to delivering positive operating leverage to the shareholders is as firm as ever and you saw some of that play through in the first quarter results with EPS and pretax up 35% and non-comps up 14%. We welcome that dynamic. 
Marty Chavez: So, I’ll start with equities and happy to go in any direction you like it in Equity, I&L. The key to that business is, diversification. It’s a global portfolio and it’s diversified across sectors, across geographies, both private equity, also real estate. And the other key to it is a franchise business. We have sourcing capabilities that are driven by a global network and investing as we’ve been demonstrating with these results remains long-term emphasis as well as a core competency.  I gave you the vintage breakdown. And what I would say is that in this quarter, we clearly saw the results of excellent environment for harvesting and we’ve been actively harvesting both to maximize value for our investors and then also as to comply with the regulations. We also talked a little bit about the drivers, 50% of it was from mark-to-market on public securities for events.  For instance, sales in the private portfolio, but really the key to it is that we have [attractive] [ph] sourcing mechanism and it’s finding great businesses and working with them to operate them and make them better and of course, that’s been driving not only the results you seen in this quarter and prior quarters, the long-term book value for us. 
Marty Chavez: There is – as we’ve mentioned in the growth plan, a number of initiatives across the firm and where do I start? So, what remains constant across all of them is the risk management, infrastructure that we’ve got and the disciplined approach to managing scarce resources. I’ll call out a few of the activities under the growth plan. In FICC, we’ve increased our corporate derivatives mandates.  In Equities, as I touched on before, we’ve been onboarding clients, continuing to invest in execution services and infrastructure. There is some exciting developments that are driven out of equities, but actually, we are now broadening and applying across FICC as well building electronic tools, that are portals for our clients where we abstract and take the concepts of risk transfer very generally and show our clients all the different possible ways where they can effect risk transfer from agency to principals systematic across different product wrappers.  There is so many ways to do it and really making that transparent and simple and digital for our clients. It’s a huge effort that’s underway.  In Investment Banking, we’ve assigned coverage on over 500 of the 1000 targeted clients and you’ve all seen announcements of a number of senior bankers who’ve joined us recently. I called out the inflows in our Investment Management business and also to say a little bit on Marcus, the funded loan balance is about $2.4 billion, originations through the end of the first quarter life-to-date approximately $3 billion and you also know of the announcement of Clarity Money’s – after the acquisition of Clarity Money, which closed on Friday and there Clarity Money is a digital app that aligns with what we’ve been doing already in Marcus.  Simplicity, transparency, a great experience for the clients and you can expect to continue to see us making investments to create adjacent businesses built around that digital app and that digital experience. And as we are doing all of this, we are doing it in a flexible way, where it allows us to move into all kinds of adjacencies, you mentioned cash management, which is an important opportunity and one that we are evaluating and exploring.  In Ayco, that’s another example of providing executive counseling to the senior executives in Fortune-1000 companies there. We’ve been effective at growing the number of Ayco’s client companies, as well as using digital tools and platforms to offer Ayco’s services to more people inside the Ayco client companies. With all these activities have in common is delivering the entire firm and using our long-term strength in engineering to do this in a scalable and digitized way. 
Marty Chavez: Michael, one way to think about it is to compare this quarter to the last time we had results in both FICC and Equities at these levels. And I’d just start by saying, but clear and stable across these businesses is that our clients respond to macro growth and market dynamics dispersion across asset classes and they respond by being more active.  So let’s look at some of the drivers in this first quarter versus the first quarter of 2015. Now of course, no predictions here, just contingency planning, but the drivers, having said that are quite different this time around. So this time we’ve got globally synchronized economic growth. It’s been a little while since we had that. We had rising U.S. rates and stronger labor markets.  We’ve got U.S. tax reform now behind us and one could easily imagine that those are more durable drivers than, say, what we saw in the first quarter of 2015 in the first quarter you recall there were some events such as the Swiss Central Bank depegging from the euro.  There was an expectation of rising rates, but rates didn’t actually rise until the back half of the year and then there was the initiation of quantitative easing from the European Central Bank and generally that’s after some initial repositioning associated with dampening market volatility. So, those are some of the things that are different.  Going over to our Investment Banking business, there is a related set of dynamics, where, as I mentioned the backlog is up year-on-year. It’s up sequentially and in retrospect with tax reform behind us it’s now more clear that that’s some corporations were waiting for clarity on tax reform to proceed. And so, the dialogue is strong.  Announced M&A is up and it takes a while for those announced M&As as you know to play through into completed M&A transactions and therefore into revenues, but it will note that across those sectors, yes, there are concerns about tariffs, trade wars and so on. But the activity and dialogue is strong. It’s difficult to predict – impossible to predict what these drivers will be in the future. And so, we keep the focus on what we can do here which is to position ourselves to support the clients in whatever they are going to do. 
Marty Chavez: Yes, so, to give you that buyback expectation and then to reaffirm it in this quarter and also in pace of our growth plan which we’ve known and we’ve shared the outlines of it sometime ago. All – plus the notice of proposed rulemaking that have come from the Fed, we’ve been taking all of those factors into account. And of course there is uncertainties and it’s evolving and dynamic and there is going to be a lot of discussion next – on those sixty days that the Fed has invited with the industry on stressed capital buffer and so there will likely be some evolution there as the rule makes its way into the final state.  And so, all of these things are moving and when we gave the growth plan, and the $5 billion to $6 billion expectation of share repurchases per CCAR cycle, we very much had what we thought possible for the stress capital buffer proposal in our minds when we proposed and adopted our internal capital management planning, which ensures that we are dynamically managing capital moving it around on behalf of the clients to where the highest return opportunities are for our shareholders.  So, we have all of these things in mind when we gave those. So the short answer to your question is, yes, we have the resources and the plan to be well-capitalized and to serve the clients and to execute on the growth plan. 
Marty Chavez: So, on debt underwriting, let’s step back and look at how we got here to this near record quarter after a record quarter. It’s a priority that we identified as strategic priority really almost ten years ago. And you are seeing the results of that and the consistent execution across weeks, months, quarters, years in building that business and there in that business, you saw in this quarter what is the key driver and the differentiator of the business compared to the debt underwriting businesses in the peer group, which is that we identified our core strengths which we all know in M&A and we built the debt underwriting business around that core strength.  And so, it’s really M&A as the driver for demand for the issuance and you are seeing the results flow through into revenues. The strategy over this period and continuing to now has remained stable which is giving advice, giving our clients access to capital markets and then applying everything we know and do about risk management to this business and doing it all in the context of strong franchise.  In this quarter, acquisition finance activity drove nearly half of the revenues in debt underwriting. As for notable transactions, I am very pleased to say that we were a leader in CVS’s $40 billion bond issuance to fund the acquisition of Aetna.  Bottom-line I would say, M&A is the driver of sequential improvement in the backlog and the results that you are seeing in the business. 
Marty Chavez: Sure. What’s notable about banking dialogue is that it’s global. It’s happening in all the geographies and it’s happening in all of the sectors. You can see from some of the announced M&A which sectors are really active, but it’s really across the board. It’s in healthcare, it’s in natural resources, it’s in media, very broad based. 
Marty Chavez: I’m not going to give you the revenue number itself. It’s early days. When we built the plan to get to $5 billion over three years, it’s back-end loaded. Certainly not ratable over the twelve quarters and so we’ve built in a slope there. But what I will say in this early quarter, the second quarter after we laid out the growth plan, it’s the revenue is tracking according to the internal goals that we set for ourselves. 
Marty Chavez: We don’t, Mike, break out our tech spending. What I would say about tech spending generally is – there is really two components of it, which of course people, that’s the major component. And then also, all of the other platforms, cyber security and so on that go along with it, which we call the managed spend. In the growth initiatives, which we’ve highlighted, the seven growth initiatives whether it’s the corporate derivative mandates, it’s what we are doing to quantum systematic clients.  In Investment Banking, there is a lot going on there. For instance, automating the buildings of company models and doing merger math by pairs and doing that at scale across all possible pairs and identifying opportunities for our clients. Whether it’s Investment Management components of the $1billion growth initiatives in Investment Management, about a third of it is in our Ayco Executive Counseling business, the digital platforms there in markets there.  The key has been all digital, no manual intervention, no spreadsheets in the workflows and that continues to be core to the philosophy there. So, when you look at all of those initiatives, you can see that they all have engineering and in engineering, we are going to be doing some capitalizing of the expenses as we build up these platforms.  Make sure that we build them without over-engineering them in a way that’s shareable across businesses and geographies. And so, yes, the demand for more software, more math is up across the board and we are evaluating that carefully because it really has to all be in service of making ourselves more effective, more efficient and doing this with margin expansion which you are seeing continuing as we make these investments.
Marty Chavez: So, let me start up by talking at a related different buy versus build and then I’ll get to the last part of your question. So, we had a long history at the firm and I was a part of that since I grew up in the engineering businesses as a quant and software person. We had a long tradition where we would say the only thing crazier than building all your own software is not building all of your own software.  And so, we did that for a very long time and we’ve built hundreds of millions of lines of custom software. Our own language, we wrote our own database. That was a part of that a long, long time ago. And that has served us very well. So that platform that we’ve been working on, we just actually celebrated the 25th anniversary of it a couple weeks ago.  The SecDB platform is now wall-to-wall across all of our businesses globally and voiced out there. One thing that we’ve been working on is extending it out to the clients and packaging it up in APIs and user experiences and making it directly available to clients. Along the way, we’ve evolved that strategy of building everything internally and the strategy has now become one which we describe as a waterfall and so the waterfall is download, builds, buy.  And so, there I would say, by download, we just mean, if it’s open source so we can participate in open source. We start there. If that’s not going to work for our growth plan, then we are going to think about building it. But if it’s really not differentiated, if it already exists in a great form and you saw that was Clarity Money, then the example there will be to buy.  So, pretty different from the old approach. We look at all of these possibilities and are open minded there as you know pros and cons to all of that. I’d expect that we are highly likely to continue with bolt-on acquisitions we’ve found in our Marcus business, but in many other places, that’s building it on our own allows us to deliver best-in-class experiences.  But even within those context, as you are seeing with Clarity Money, we develop the view that that it already existed in a great form and so acquiring it makes sense. And so we are evaluating all of these acquisitions including things that you described, we are open minded and it’s all part of the consideration as we execute on the strategy. 
Marty Chavez: So, we called out the passing of the buyback in the second quarter. It’s part of the plan that we submitted to the Federal Reserve for their approval and we’ll hear, we’ll hear from them in June on that. And our goal is always to operate from a position of strength by exceeding all the regulatory capital requirements and having the resources available to meet the client demand for our balance sheet.  And as we do that, we are looking at serving the clients and doing so in a way that generates attractive risk returns for our shareholders and when we – the approach is straightforward. When we see opportunities to deploy capital in that way to serve the clients, then we are going to do that and we would always prefer that when we see the returns there as well to buying back our shares above book value.  It’s a high-class problem to have, this taking capital allocation and while it’s important to have the excess capacity and that’s why we highlighted that $5 billion to $6 billion expectation, if the demand from the clients continues to be strong, that is really the principal driver and when we see that demand and the opportunity to deploy capital with high ROEs that’s what we are going to do. 
Marty Chavez: Betsy, I wouldn’t see it as a breakpoint. I would say, that’s far from being a breakpoint and really it’s dynamic as clients’ demands for our balance sheet continues to be strong. 
Marty Chavez: On the loan growth, I gave you the figure which is that, as of the end of March, we are over $20 billion in retail deposits. That figure back at the acquisition was $9 billion and there was about a $3 billion increase in those retail deposits in the first quarter and there we continue to, of course, pay close attention to what the deposit rates available are and you can see from that evolution that we have rates that are in the sort of top bunch of the pack but not at the top.  And there is a philosophy is to continue to grow the deposits by offering a better product and a better service and we are certainly exploring all kinds of ways to grow that deposit base with different products and different geographies. And you can expect to see some of those play out in results in future quarters. Having said all that, our loan-to-deposit ratio is low. And so, we definitively have sufficient capacity to fund the loans our clients’ demands for loans. 
Marty Chavez: So, Betsy, the marketing expenses as we build out the consumer business do as you say, show up in non-comp. And we broke out some of the drivers in the year-on-year increase and outlined $100 million of that year-on-year increase is related not only to building out the Marcus platform, the market development of it, but also relating to investing in our investment entities that are consolidated on the balance sheet and therefore their expenses will also show up in non-comps.  On the Marcus business, as we mentioned in the last call, we’ve integrated the deposit and lending activities under one brand and increasingly you are going to see all of the adjacencies in that one brand and brand consistency and user experience consistency across all of the offerings into the Marcus brand is an important priority.  So the market developments and expenses will all be well be integrated. The results that you’ve seen in the first quarter include all of the investment costs as we build out this business. That’s all baked in and we are still a few years away from fully scaling that business. 
Marty Chavez: Well, Brennan, as we all know, it’s in the nature of markets to fluctuate. Wouldn’t every week and every month is different, certainly in February, we saw the notable spike in vol and in volatility and volatility or mix wall, that was easy to see on all of the screens. In terms of volatility, in other asset classes, well, it’s up a little bit from very low levels.  What I will note is that we are definitely seeing a trend where there is more dispersion in the asset classes than we’ve seen before. So for instance, higher rates, but not generally playing through into a stronger dollar and increased activity and volatility in credit markets, not really necessarily showing up in a powerful or material way in the credit markets.  And so, those – that kind of dispersion has continued, but I wouldn’t say that there is anything material that I call out to read through into the first couple weeks of April. 
Marty Chavez: The comp accrual rate is something that we evaluate under a large number of scenarios. For what the rest of the year could be, we also do a little bit of a backwards look as you would expect, but it’s much more forward-looking.  And when we look at all of these different scenarios, 41% which is the same as where we had it in the first quarter of last year is our best estimate or where the comp ratio will be for the year, but of course as you know, extremely well that evolves as we work through the year. 
Marty Chavez: It’s the year-on-year driver in global credit was increased client activity. So, that’s really the best way to see the improvements in the results. Part of it was the comparison as you mentioned. But really it’s improved client activity and also I would call out within that in structure trading, particularly notable contributor to the year-on-year increase. 
Marty Chavez: In the charge-offs and AHFL build of the portfolio, it’s all proceeding according to expectations. I remember vividly that section in the K that you are talking about it to go back and look at it. And don’t – and we could certainly get back to you on that whether there is migration from where somewhere the loans were originated.  But I’ll ask Heather to get back to you on the detail of that. We give disclosures and indications of where we are, really what I would say is that, there has been no surprises in the evolution of that business at all and we are well aware of where we are in the credit cycle as we set those expectations and we monitor it closely.  I get reports every day and every week and we have a structure in that platform in that business where we can rapidly roll out revisions to the credit sandbox as conditions evolve.
Marty Chavez: Well, first I will say, there are higher levels of volatility. You can see it in our VaR and yet the main driver of the increase in VaR was not increase in volatility. It was actually increasing in client demand for our balance sheet. And certainly in the case of Equities, there was that pronounced vol spike that happened in February.  When I look at the other volatility measures, yes, they are up for sure. But really it’s, I would say a modest improvement in the market-making backdrop. It’s evolving up in dramatic way, that would have shown, that would have played through as a driver of our VaR. There is a connection, no doubt, between vol and bid offer.  But it isn’t linear and it doesn’t happen in tight synchrony and there are also all kinds of evolutions in the market in the way products are traded in the packaging of the products themselves. And that’s certainly an evolution as well. So, it would be too simple to say that there is just as tight co-efficient that relates VAR to bid ask. It’s really the result of a lot of drivers playing through together. 
Marty Chavez: Well, I would start by saying that in the months-to-months comparisons, there is not a lot of information content to get into our FICC businesses. They are a little bit more detailed. There is a better market-making backdrop increase VAR, higher volumes across many of the asset classes and importantly, the work that we are doing to improve broaden, strengthen, diversify our engagement with clients, who are our clients, as well as new clients in different segments.  And most of the businesses rose year-on-year, foreign exchange, certainly and that was the driver of – and emerging markets, strong performance in emerging markets was the driver. In rates, if we look at the sequential change in the rates business, it’s definitely up sequentially as you know and there it was really client activity-driven and clients responding to Central Bank activity. In the year-on-year comparison, rates declined a bit but remained solid. 
Marty Chavez: Well, as you know, there is many changes in the CCAR framework that are outlined in the Fed’s proposed rules from last week. And, certainly there is a lot of discussions with the Fed about the evolution of their scenarios over time. There is some important changes that they’ve made, not only in putting a little more detail on Governor to rule those discussions back couple of years ago on stress capital buffer.  But they’ve also been quite specific that they are changing their assumptions about capitalization or share repurchases and balance sheet growth as they are evolving the framework. And they have been – it’s really clear in our discussions with the senior people at the Fed and the staff that they are open, they want to hear suggestions.  They actively want to make the framework more simple and more transparent. The transparency theme is one that they highlight at every opportunity. And so, there I will say that we’ve been working on this evolving rule sets going back to 2009, the proposed rulemaking is consistent with everything that we’ve been hearing from the Fed over a period of time.  No particular surprises and our model has been one where generally we have more sensitivity to some of the stress test than peers with a different mix and even in the phase of that over the cycle, we generally have ROEs at the top or near the top of the peer group. And so, the adjustments will continue. There will be new constraints. There will be evolutions.  There will be dynamic changes, hedges, various kinds that we can make in our business and we’ll respond. And so, I would say, the work continues. 
Marty Chavez: Yes. Actually, it’s too early to tell that really we are seeing RWAs as flat in the stress scenario. And when we look at where our capital levels are, and what we think the notice of proposed rulemaking is likely to imply. We’ve got a plan and we highlighted what we thought what we think.  The share repurchases will be over the CCAR cycle in the context of that plan and how we see that the minima evolving. So, it all ties together. I don’t think at this current state with one week into the period of commenting on the notice of proposed rulemaking. I am thinking, there is a lot more that one could say right at this time. 
Marty Chavez: The discussions and indications from the regulators are that, they are looking to simplify the compliance with the Volcker Rule. Various – including very senior people at the Fed have said that it’s a rule with a relatively straightforward concept or intent, but and its current form, the compliance with it. The number of data points that one has to generate is quite complicated.  And they’ve indicated that it’s more complicated that it needs to be to serve the purpose of the rule. So, when we are thinking about how the Volcker Rule might change, we don’t know. We will read the proposed rulemaking if there is one, when it comes out. And we will respond to it as we always do. Our thought would be it’s likely to considerably simplify the process of conformance with the rule.  As for our ability to serve our clients make markets for them have the right amount of inventory on the balance sheet and manage all of those risks, it’s dynamic. This is something that’s one of our core strengths. Putting it all into the analytics and coming up with a strategy to optimize and draw all those constraints. And we’ll continue to do that. 
Marty Chavez: So, I am not sure if you call that the second quarter of last year or the fourth quarter of last year. My records in the fourth quarter NII was $500 million and now it’s $554 million, just little north of $550 million and definitively, it is – think of it is recurring. It is related to expanding our lending activities and continuing to diversify the lending activities.  That’s $554 million component of the $1 billion in the debt INO segment, that $550 million component is recurring. As for the balance of it, happy to give you a little bit more color on the balance of the revenues, $1 billion, minus the $554 million and it’s a diversified portfolio. We’ve got a differentiated sourcing mechanism and in that business a very long history of strong risk adjusted returns.  And so the additional revenues beyond the recurring NII are mark-to-market gains, which were driven by underlying credit fundamentals, not just like credit spread widening that we saw in the quarter. Just underlying and fundamentals as well as specific events and there it would be important to note that it’s diversified.  It reflects mark-to-market, company-specific events, credit fundamentals across more than a 100 loans and securities. And there was no single name that was a significant contributor in any way to the results. 
Marty Chavez: Okay, we’ll be happy to follow-up. There is net interest income in the segment and then there is net interest income for the firm and that’s likely the difference between the two. But Heather will follow-up with you. 
Marty Chavez: That’s the theme we’ve built in our lending books over the past several quarters from a very small base and that’s the phenomenon that you are seeing is important to emphasize in that lending growth that is franchise adjacent lending growth. That’s not lending in and of itself that’s related to all of our other businesses. 
Marty Chavez: So, the growth in the balance sheet generally, it’s an increase in loans receivable and it’s also in financial instruments owned to support Repo and our prime services business and so that’s where you are seeing the balance sheet growth.  As for the risk-weighted assets, they were constantly working to optimize the risk-weighted assets, especially if you get into advanced risk-weighted assets, you are seeing some continuing roll-off in operational risk-weighted assets and then the results of a lot of work on efficiencies, of various kinds, netting opinions, compression and so on all playing through into reduction of the risk-weighted assets.  There – it would be lovely if there was just a direct and easy connection between balance sheet and risk-weighted assets, but there is portfolio effects and it isn’t just a direct linear relationship. 
Marty Chavez: Steven, when we announced the growth initiatives, one thing that we said was really important to reiterate that is that, they were not intended to be the definitive all encompassing list of growth initiatives. They were a set of initiatives that we shared with the market to hold ourselves accountable and to drive and organize our activities.  But, again, not the comprehensive set and certainly when we first began the planning process that led to the launch of our Marcus business, we looked at well over a hundred opportunities in consumer finance. And there, we evaluated all of those opportunities through a set of different lenses. Did we see substantial pain points for clients and therefore the opportunity to deliver some value?  Did we see a way to leverage core strengths that we already have, but that’s in engineering or risk management culture and processes? And did we see attractive shareholder returns? And as well, would it be possible to generate meaningful results for us without requiring a large market share in those businesses.  And so, we still refer back to that set, because it’s quite comprehensive and the world changes and evolves and so, we are looking at a very large number of opportunities. And we will execute on some of them and the ones we execute on will check all the boxes that I just outlined. And the set is quite large. So we are evaluating credit cards as you’ve heard us say.  We are looking at wealth management. We are looking at retirement products. We are looking at personal finance and we are looking at the adjacencies in and among our various businesses as we build all these things out. And so, the short answer to your question is, the growth initiatives are the one we outlined and we are tracking them.  We are making progress on them. There is granular indicators that we look at every week and there is a lot of other activities that are also happening, that we haven’t expressly highlighted for you in the form of the growth initiatives. 
Marty Chavez: So, in that $50 million component of the $300 million year-on-year increase in non-comps, the $50 million that’s related to the change in accounting standards. I would say there is just some very modest conservatism in there and I would call it $230 million effect once you analyze it. And so, of course, we take it into account in all the scenarios that I mentioned, when we set our estimate at 41% for the comp ratio, that’s in there.  Ultimately, as we go through the year and the results become clear, and we look at non-compensation, compensation and operating expenses, both of them together as operating expenses, a super important consideration for us always is delivering operating leverage with revenues growing meaningfully more than expenses and therefore that’s playing through to the bottom-line increasing even more than revenues.  That’s all part of the mix of how we set the comp ratio. 41% is our best estimate. It includes all of these factors that we’ve outlined, but ultimately, it’s an output, not an input.
Marty Chavez: Let’s go back to one point. I think it could $1 billion loan growth in Marcus have actually in the quarter, it’s $0.5 billion. 
Marty Chavez: So, in the Marcus business, as it’s a new business for us, we are not in any hurry. We are not approving large numbers of applications. We could approve more, but we are choosing not to, because it’s all part of this deliberate organic growth process. We are always thinking of where we are, maybe more accurately said where we might be in the credit cycle since there will be no announcements of the turn of the credit cycle or any harbingers of when it’s going to turn.  Hence taking all those into account, we are going to proceed with this methodical growth always open to revisiting it, but right now, as we look at the $12 billion balance sheet on Marcus and we look at the revenue opportunity associated with our Marcus, which, just as a reminder is the entire Marcus business not just lending, but also deposits. That remains our growth target. 
Marty Chavez: I know, some of the peer groups mentioned one-off effects from accounting changes. That is definitely not the case for us. Everything in that portfolio is and has been fair valued. So there was no kind of accumulation.
Marty Chavez: Well, first to step back and the important context is that, the year-on-year growth in Equities Client Execution is driven by client activity. And I would – if it were possible to call out a specific area of outperformance, I’d currently would do that, but actually I’d prefer it like it is, which is that it’s quite balanced across cash and derivatives and flow and structured and all the regions including prime.  It’s across the client segments of asset managers and corporations. The traditional clients, and newer clients, it was absolutely everything all of the parts of the business working together and really a good evidence that all of these businesses in this kind of environment all work together synergistically. So, it was across the board. 
Marty Chavez: I wouldn’t break it out that way. I would go back to something that I touched on earlier, which is that even without the vol spike, it still would have been a strong quarter. 
Marty Chavez: Since there are no more questions, I’d like to take a moment to thank everyone for joining the call. On behalf of our senior management team, we hope to see many of you in the coming months. If any additional questions arise in the meantime, please don’t hesitate to reach out to Heather. Otherwise, enjoy the rest of your day. And we look forward to speaking with you on our second quarter call in July. Thank you.
