David A. Viniar: Thanks, Harvey. As a management team, we are keenly aware of the fact that we cannot control the broader economic environment in which we operate. As we've said many times in the past, the firm will perform at its best and our shareholders will benefit to the greatest degree when we're in a more robust economic environment. However, a difficult operating environment does not absolve us from our responsibility to manage everything that is within our control to create best-in-class returns over the long term. We must be disciplined in managing both our operating expenses and capital levels. As it relates to operating expenses, we have to balance lowering costs and maintaining high levels of client service. In the second quarter of 2011, we announced a $1.2 billion expense reduction initiative. Since that initial announcement, we've increased the target expense savings by nearly 60% to $1.9 billion. We believe that we've been able to undertake these initiatives without materially impacting our client franchise. And as a consequence, we should be well positioned to create operating leverage in an improved economic environment. Regarding capital management, we've been extremely focused on balancing the competing objectives of returning excess capital to shareholders with the prudence associated with maintaining conservative risk-adjusted capitalization in a difficult operating environment with undefined capital rules. Since the onset of the financial crisis, our risk-based capital measures have remained at or near the top of the industry. While Basel III capital rules are not finalized and will not be fully phased-in for many years, our best estimate from what we know today is that, at the end of the third quarter, our Basel III Tier 1 common ratio would be approximately 8.5%. We expect that we will ultimately operate with a capital cushion in the proximity of 100 basis points versus our regulatory requirement. We've remained committed to maintaining a conservative financial profile and have a deep appreciation for the strategic benefits, both opportunistically and defensively, that come with maintaining robust capital levels. While not wavering from that view, we've been able to repurchase $9.1 billion of common stock since the beginning of 2011 and have reduced our basic share count by 11%. As Basel III rules have started to be finalized and we are closer to implementation, we've begun to focus on optimizing our balance sheet in preparation for these changes. We've previously announced that we expected $88 billion of risk-weighted assets to passively roll off by 2015, and we have begun to roll out the necessary tools to facilitate a more active approach to mitigating risk-weighted assets. We're committed to managing our operations, with a focus on serving our clients effectively. As a result, we manage our expenses and capital, with the understanding that our shareholders have invested in this franchise, with the expectation that we will outperform over the long term. With that, we'd like to thank you again for listening today. And now, Harvey and I are happy to take your questions.
David A. Viniar: I think it -- that's partially what's in it. And the way diluted and basic share count work is a little bit different, Glenn, as I think you know. Basic is a point in time, diluted is an average over the period. So you -- and diluted is what we use for EPS, basic is used for book value per share. So you just have to be a little careful when you're comparing those numbers. And we're happy to get you the breakdown of all of them, if you like.
David A. Viniar: I don't have the exact numbers. There was more unrealized than realized. Many of the private was unrealized. And we told you it was primarily -- although a lot of that -- part of that was based on performance, part of that was based on the markets and part of that was based on events happening even within private companies, but it was more unrealized than realized.
David A. Viniar: Most of that has been realized or, if not, will be realized by the end of the year. Virtually all of it will be realized by the end of the year. Now remember, part of that is non-comp, part of that has to do with people. And it's not -- and that -- it doesn't include reducing compensation, right? It would only be reduction of the compensation of people who are no longer here. But all of that either has been or will be realized by the end of this year.
David A. Viniar: Look I think it's a fair assumption that we will build to that buffer. Remember, the full Basel III requirements are not in until 2019 so there's a long time till those requirements are in. Now it's not to say we're not going to get there till then. I'm sure we'll get there well before that. But yes, I think it's fair to assume that we will build to that buffer, and I think it's also fair to assume -- you can't look at any quarter, or even any year, but over time, it's not likely that we're going to buy back more than our net income. That would -- that's not a prudent way and you can't really operate on that basis. In any quarter, we might. In any year, we might. But over time, we're not going to.
David A. Viniar: I -- we will monetize as opportunities arise. I don't think -- we're not in a mode of forcing monetization before it makes sense, but when opportunities arise and we think there's good transaction that can be done, then we'll monetize them.
David A. Viniar: I think the real answer, Howard, is we're just going to have to see over time. As I said, we're just beginning to roll out the tools to do it. In the quarter that we've really just started, our Basel III ratio, again as best as we can calculate it, there's still a lot of assumptions, up by 0.5%. And I'm not saying that's going to happen every quarter. But I think, when we give our traders the tools to optimize and figure out what securities or what derivatives are better to hold, what things are better to hedge with, some things that don't make sense they will sell, some things they will keep and just keep in different forms, I think we'll probably start making some substantial progress.
David A. Viniar: Well, the 8.5% is where we are approximately today and the 100 basis points buffer will be from whatever our full requirement is which, as you know, we don't know yet. But whatever that is -- yes, and again, don't hold me to it. It's not going to be exactly 100 basis points. It will be in that range and it will bounce up a little higher and a little lower and -- but that's around where we're going to run.
David A. Viniar: So first thing, most important thing, is what our clients do. And so again, there's -- as our clients get more active, we will have more opportunities to take risk, and we probably will to some extent. But there's still -- the -- while activity might have picked up a little bit towards the end of the quarter, it was certainly not a very, very large increase at all. And second of all, the traders themselves have to be more comfortable that the market environments are being driven by economics, as opposed to by politics, and I think maybe you've had a slight shift to that but not a big shift at all. So I think those are the things to really look for.
David A. Viniar: Okay. So let me just clarify, Kian: What we said for the end of 2013 was not that we were going to run at 10%. This is just pure math. We said, if you take where we are now, if you assume the consensus estimates for us and you assume just the passive roll-off of assets, so no active mitigation, that would get us to 10% with nothing else: no buybacks, no equity issuance through comp. So just pure math, that gets you to 10%. So that's what the 10% number is, I just want to clarify. And as far as the roll-off, again, that $88 billion is through 2015. That's what all the roll-off would be through 2015 and that was largely from basically 6 securitized assets from tranche credit in the correlation book and the mortgage book. So again, that's just to clarify what those numbers were. As far as the active mitigation, we're going to have to see. I mean, that's -- it's hard to put a number on that. As I said to the last question, we've just started to roll out the tools for that. We made a lot of progress in one quarter, and we'll see. History tells us that we do a pretty good job of optimizing these positions as the rules get more clarified and as our traders have the right tools, but we'll see over time.
David A. Viniar: Again, it's very hard, very hard to calculate. There are some models that have been approved, there are others that are in process and there are many more that we will then go to the Fed. And as they get approved, if they get approved, then it will help the ratios. And if they don't, then we'll have to do more mitigation. And we'll just have to see over time with what, as well.
David A. Viniar: Those are not included in any of the numbers that I gave you. And again, we'll have to see what regulations are and what's allowed and what's not allowed, and then we'll make our decisions at the time.
David A. Viniar: Well, look, we've said this before. In the -- certainly, in the medium term, we think that there are -- although it will be far from a straight line up, we think that the growth markets continue to provide very good medium- to long-term opportunities for the firm. As you know, we do best where there is good growth, where there's good economic growth. It is pretty clear that there's going to be better economic growth in some of the growth markets than in some of the developed markets, and so those are places where we will continue invest. It's not going to be a straight line up. That's not to say we're not going to invest in the developed markets as well. The U.S. market, the European markets where we think, despite some of the economic issues, there are very good near-term opportunities for our business are places that we will invest as the markets get better over time. But certainly, over the longer period of time, I'd say the growth markets probably will have more investment.
David A. Viniar: That is a very hard question to answer. We -- I bet you, if you looked at our revenue-to-VaR, it was different every quarter since we've been a public company. So I -- so it can be very hard for me to say it's going to continue at that level. Clearly, it was a better environment, that's why we said it's more broad-based, but there will be quarters when it will be better and some where it won't.
David A. Viniar: To some extent, yes. That -- again, that goes with share price. The way that works is, as the share price goes up and gets closer to $115 and, obviously, above $115, they start to come in and then they continue to come in more as the share price goes up.
David A. Viniar: So I'll answer, Mike. I mean, the answer to both those questions are yes and yes and yes -- I guess, to all 3 of them. There was somewhat-lower volatility that contributed as well. But I think that, really, it's back to what I said before: Our clients are not that active and so there aren't that many opportunities. And as far as the people on the frontline too aren't actually taking the risk, there's still so much political uncertainty out there that's driving markets. A speech by politician x or politician y drives markets up or down as much as any economic situation. And in that environment, it's very hard to have conviction and very hard to take risk both for our clients and for us. And I think, until you see that change a little bit, you won't really see our risk go up dramatically.
David A. Viniar: No, it was consistent with our CCAR approval. And again, while it was small, it was -- we've gotten feedback from our shareholders that they would like it, but I think you should expect, going forward, that much more of our capital planning will be around buybacks. Not to say we won't increase dividends again, but the big portion of our capital planning will be around buybacks.
David A. Viniar: It's very hard to do. It is somewhat driven by markets, by credit spreads, also by the performance of our specific investments matters. So I think that one is very, very hard to predict, going forward. If I gave you a number, I would really be making it up.
David A. Viniar: There's a few hundred million dollars of interest income that's in there, and something like that will be every quarter. But I think that will largely be overwhelmed by some of the movements in the other positions. That's in there and that will be in there, plus or minus a little bit, every quarter.
David A. Viniar: It were -- when I -- you should just -- I should emphasize the word "slightly" when I say it was down quarter-over-quarter. But it really was a very slight decline. As I said, it's still higher than it was at the beginning of the year and it's a very, very slight -- it's a slight decline in the underwriting part, a slight increase in the merger part, and the underwriting decline is a little bit more than the merger increase. But these really are small numbers when I tell you, "up and down."
David A. Viniar: As I said before, I think we're going to -- when there are good opportunities to sell -- again, some of these things will season naturally. It will be time for them to be sold, and we will sell them. And these things will naturally roll off over time kind of as the Basel rules kick in.
David A. Viniar: Well, those were -- we had these Apex transactions which needed to be remarketed. So these were kind of the end of transactions that were done several years ago. There was nothing new there.
David A. Viniar: That was what those were in there. We'll continue to monitor the markets and see when is the right time to do things and when it's available. But for -- those transactions were older transactions.
David A. Viniar: It'll take us where we want to be for now, and then we'll see kind of how things unfold. And we'll decide if we need to grow, shrink or stay the same based on how the environment feels.
David A. Viniar: I think the political uncertainty out there has been a big part of what's kept the M&A calendar as low as it's been, with the fiscal cliff, uncertainty in Europe, just general political uncertainty which has caused people to be less confident about growth. I think it's been weighing very heavily on those markets. There's been a -- as we've said before, a lot of dialogue, a lot of companies talking to each other, but CEOs are all hesitant to pull the trigger until they get a little more clarity. And I think, if you saw some clarity, I think you could see a pretty big uptick in volumes.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, this is Harvey, Roger. So what I'll say is, if you think about the current environment, well, David, in our opening remarks, highlighted the fact that there's certainly been some positive events globally. It's still a market environment where we're remaining pretty defensive. So I think it'd be really difficult to give you a sense of how the forward liquidity profile would look. But I think you should assume that we'll stay conservative for the time being, certainly.
Harvey M. Schwartz: There was -- it was a more benign environment for trading in terms of risk management. So that was certainly prevalent in the numbers, but overall, it was really broad-based performance. And we really benefited from the global footprint and diversification of the businesses from brokers all the way through execution.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So as I said before, the equity line in the business was quite diversified. As reported in the press, we did execute the Knight transaction and we were quite pleased to be able to work with Knight to help them manage that risk profile. But at this stage, we won't speak specifically about that transaction or any other transactions as it relates to its contribution to the line.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. As David said, what really drives risk-taking in the franchised businesses is the client activity. And if you think back to the beginning of the quarter, there was still a fair bit of uncertainty that clients were dealing with and, even now, the discussions around fiscal cliff and everything else. This is a difficult environment for clients because they're very happy to transact and execute on fundamentals, but positioning their own capital against a backdrop of high policy risk creates a conservative environment. So there's certainly no specific efforts to drive down risk-taking, it's really a reflection of the volumes and client appetite, as David said.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think it's too early to really extrapolate much from the first couple of weeks. But as we've seen in the U.S., equity volumes have been down a touch, and we'll just have to see how the quarter progresses.
Harvey M. Schwartz: The way I would think about it is, as a result of the Business Standards Committee, when we reframed the financials, it was really an effort on our part to give you more transparency.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, when we think about clearing -- as you know, we've been big supporters of clearing. We think it's fundamental to systemic risk reduction. So we've been big proponents, moving clearing forward as quickly as possible. And against that backdrop, we've been building and developing in our business the ability to provide client clearing and the tools and technology and appropriate staff. I'd say that it's probably too early to tell ultimately where we come out with pricing. Like a lot of things, I think there'll be a fair degree of early competition. But we're really in the early innings of this so we'll have to see how the revenue model evolves. But I think the biggest issue is that it fundamentally makes the system safer. And I think -- over time, again difficult to speculate, I think -- as we get clarity around regulatory reform, I think all of these pieces, as they come together, could contribute to greater volumes. So again, difficult to model the revenue outcome.
Harvey M. Schwartz: What we saw over the quarter, particularly as the central bank activity picked up, is you really saw capital moving into things like treasuries and mortgages. There was certainly, as we've all seen, a desire to focus on yield-offering products so we've seen the calendar in the debt markets be quite active. Away from that, I wouldn't make any significant comments about the terms of the flows.
Brennan Hawken: So I know that dividend increase was small, but it was the second increase this year. So I guess I was just curious whether or not that was part of the CCAR plan initially. Or was it a choice to shift a small amount of money from buybacks to the dividend? And if that's any kind of indication of anything...
Brennan Hawken: Okay, okay, great. Also, is there any way -- or could you give us any updated way to think about core or recurring revenue within the I&L line? I know it's tricky, but any color you could give there might be helpful.
Brennan Hawken: Sure. I was just trying to think of whether or not there's -- there were a certain amount of income that kicks off from the dividends and yield and such that you could think about as sort of a baseline number.
Douglas Sipkin: Just a couple of questions. First, I've noticed you guys have introduced preferred stock back into the capital structure, it's modest. But any color on the rationale? I think it's been 2 quarters in a row where that's increased.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. Okay, so then there's no really change in thought process of capital management, it's just a function of the expiration of those.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. Okay. And then sort of -- I think I know the answer, but with respect to cost cutting and headcount levels, it feels like the most recent initiative will take you guys to where you want to be, given the environment that we're in.
