Stephen Scherr: Sure, Glenn. So let me start kind of with reiteration of our standing capital policy. As you know, our priority is to deploy capital in the business on behalf of clients and to do that, especially when returns are as attractive as they have been. So in a quarter where we produce 22.5% ROE, it's that the reason and consistent with that, that we deploy the capital in the business.  I'd also point out that, in the dividend, our dividend is now at $2 a share, up from $1.25. So on an annual basis, we're returning an additional $1 billion or so to shareholders through the dividend. And where we exhaust opportunities that prove to be attractive will return capital backend that that really represents what we do in terms of share repurchase. Now in terms of the opportunity set, you referred into the consumer business, it's unquestionably a priority. David had reflected time and again, the long-term view we have about how that business can grow and be accretive to the firm. But I would say that the deployment of capital knows not one segment nor one opportunity, it is a broad look across the firm. And we think always about how do we add in an agile way, deploy capital across the whole of the business. So I wouldn't necessarily say that it's targeted against anyone in particular.  Obviously, we're operating at a higher SCB, a higher minimum requirement pursuant to the Fed, therefore, surplus is less. And we, consistent with the policy, always look forward to what will be in effect a petition on capital that we know. SACCR is certainly one of them. And in that regard, while we've not made a formal decision on implementation, and we'll let our regulators know when we do.  We're looking forward to that. And our view is that, when we put SACCR in place, it will increase our RWAs by about $15 billion or tax our ratio by about 30 basis points. It is at that level in part because, as we look back when SACCR was finalized by Basel in '14 and adopted by the Fed in '18 and '19, we began then to kind of proactively mitigate the effect.  So the implementation now reflects mitigation progress we've made in anticipation of it, as opposed to kind of a starting workstream. And obviously, the work was assembling data and understanding where appropriate netting pursuing through the rules could play out. But I think that's a reflection of a proactive engagement, so as to minimize the impact to capital and ratio now, relative to what it would've been. And so -- sorry for the long answer, but that gives you kind of a complete picture, if you will, of how we're thinking about capital.
Stephen Scherr: So maybe I start with the numbers and then I'll turn it to David, who I think can reflect on kind of comp philosophy generally. But where we are right now, comp to net revenue, net of provision for credit loss is at 31% through nine months. That was at 34% when we ended the second quarter. We always reserve for compensation, consistent with what's required of us, which is what do we think we need to pay the firm consistent with performance, as at that date, obviously, there's a quarter to go. So we're at a 31% ratio, revenue net of provision for credit loss.  You can see through nine months in the comp and benefits line, not to confuse the two numbers, that number is up 34%. Again, reflecting the performance of the business and a pay-for-performance philosophy more broadly. That 34% is obviously to be measured against revenues that are up 42% year-to-date and revenues net of provisions up 56%.  So you can see the comp leverage that exists even when we are provisioning for what we believe to be a healthy and robust comp process. I think overall, if you look at total operating expenses because we look at it that way, including our non-comp expense, there continues to be the exhibition of leverage, operating leverage in the business.  Again, revenue is up 42%, but total operating expenses ex-litigation are up 24%. And so this just gives you a sense of the leverage in operating expenses broadly and in comp specifically. But maybe David wants to comment just on the philosophy.
Stephen Scherr: Well, the only thing I'd add, Christian, is if you just look at the year-over-year comparison, right? So you can't forget that we went through kind of a more challenging period in COVID, where we by design look to limit the amount of underwriting we were doing. We're now coming back to sort of turn that back on, having seen the portfolio performed very well.  So year-over-year, revenues and consumer are up 23% in the deposit line. They're up 54% in credit cards. And that's just a reflection of the renewed commitment that David is reflecting to sort of growing out that business and seeing it perform. And I think David's comments are spot on.  If you look at loans and savings and Apple Card, soon to be joined by General Motors, investing module and checking, this is net -- what's coming into focus is a big, broad platform that can serve customers in all of their needs, as opposed to where we began in kind of a bespoke product set. And I think we're at a key moment now with the acquisition of GreenSky to sort of take that forward.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. Let me start with the end part of your question. Our strongly held view is that 13% to 13.5% is the right place for this firm to operate. Now, our ability to get there is obviously frustrated by what the Fed is otherwise requiring of us in the context of CCAR and SCB. So in that context, what we can do and what we are doing is candidly taking action into our own hands. Meaning, we're not waiting for petitions to be well received in order that the requirement comes down.  But instead, we're pivoting and moving from Balance Sheet into fun format. I think, if you look at the page 9 in our -- in our deck what you'll see is what's happened in terms of $16 billion of dispositions, and what that has meant for AE free up. So I'll just give you a sense of it. In the last 9 months, we've seen reduction in balance sheet of $8.9 billion corresponding to $4.6 billion of AE.  Since Investor Day, $16.2 billion of reduction in balance sheet and $8.3 billion of freed AE. And we have line of sight from where we sit to about $2.8 billion of balance sheet reduction, freeing up about $2 billion of AE. I give you all those numbers because you can see the magnitude of the activity that's been going on, that will continue.  And we had always focused in on whether or not at Investor Day we would experience a bit of a canyon, if you will, of revenue, meaning we would see balance sheet reduction come off at a quicker pace. Faster slope than what might have been a yawning line, if you will, to fundraising and deployment. That's not happening.  As David has said, we have $90 billion of fundraising, which -- and underlying that is about $50 billion of AUS, which is fee-paying. And so that transition is being managed well. And this just gives you a sense of the overall capital reduction in the context of what we're trying to achieve.
Stephen Scherr: Well, I would say that much of the balance sheet growth that has gone on has been attributed to client activity. If you just look at segment-by-segment, you look at growth in our financing activity in investment banking that supports our M&A franchise.  You look at financing that's going on in the context of both FICC and equities that were up year-on-year and that David was reflecting in the answer to his question around kind of sustainability on the forward in our trading business. And so a good deal of this is balance sheet in support of clients. I would point out though that in the context of growing balance sheet, it doesn't grow in isolation. Meaning we have various risk metrics that are in place, capital has obviously grown, liquidity maintained at the firm, obviously grows in the form of our GCLA. And so all of these I think are meant to be read in tandem. In the context of serving clients. But doing that in a way, where Balance Sheet growth is, held in the context of various risks. Be it capital and liquidity profile of the Firm itself.  We're not a bank, notwithstanding the fact that we have strategically grown our deposit base that are experiencing the outsized growth in deposits that you're seeing or that you have seen at the bigger commercial banks. And that is inflating Balance Sheet there. We're not seeing that kind of inflation, frankly in part because this is a new platform for us and a strategic pivot in terms of very usable deposits as a substitute for wholesale funding.
Stephen Scherr: Yeah, the only thing I'd add was a bit of quantification. So Mike, if you -- you heard me say before, our non-comp expenses, so excluding litigation to just looking at the core non-comp expense, year-to-date is up 11%. If you look at the gross expense that that represents, about a 1/3 of that increase is related to technology.  So we're about a third of the increase of non-compensation expense in the firm through the first 9 months relates to technology. And this is spent all across the firm. so it's both in particular initiatives like consumer TXP McKee (ph) but equally, it's been broadly on the broader uplift of platforms in and around the firm.  Cloud-based engineering is one that David brought to your attention. In all of these spends, we sweat the ROI of this investment. And so, as an example, part of the uplift will enable us to create greater opportunity for automation, which will play out as a return across the whole of the firm. So I just offer that to you, just to give you some sort of dimension, if you will, from a true expense line as to what David was otherwise describing.
Stephen Scherr: So I don't believe that there are GS deposits in it. It's 50 billion of gross deposits. And as we've said, that's now become about 25% operational, so a value to us. But just to come back to your question about the Cloud. So the TXP business was built entirely in the Cloud. I don't know that I would necessarily conclude that that is why it's been successful.  I would conclude, however, that it is how it's been built on a very cost-efficient basis and built with a level of security that I think satisfies us and our client base, meaning I think it's a drop card in the context of it. The reason Mike is self-evident, which is that it's built-in the Cloud, as David noted, it's not built with multiple instances of the transaction banking platform across redundant datacenters.  It benefits without necessarily costing us to improve security upgrades to sort of technology and the like. That is the benefit of sitting within the cloud itself. So I can't tell you that I could draw a line to the deposits that have come in. I can tell you that we built it better, cheaper, and on a more attractive basis to facilitate client -attention and attraction to it.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So we had about $42 billion increase in RWAs -- about half of that related to changes in the methodology that we're using in the computation of the RWAs. And that was the byproduct of just routine and ongoing discussion with regulators. And so that plays through in the third quarter ratio, will play through on the forward.  But that's really the source of about 50% of the RWA lift. The other 50% is obviously in the context of the overall business and risk and exposure that's attending there.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So the targets were set at the same time, though bear in mind the environment then and now is quite different in the context of interest rates. So we've seen fed funds come down from the time of Investor Day. I don't know, I want to say about a 150 basis points, maybe a little more.  The consequence of that is that, the value of deposits that the economic value of deposits is not as rich now, as we had imagined back at Investor Day. But equally in the context of an expectation of rising interest rates, we'll see a return to the value of those deposits, otherwise modeled out. And therefore on the forward rate curve our view is that we'll be able to achieve that billion-dollar revenue target. I point out that of the 50 billion more of them are operational. That's step one to achieving the value of that. And that has been a big quarter-on-quarter increase from about 14% the last quarter. And I think more broadly in transaction banking, about 2/3 of the revenue from the time we modeled through now is correlated to deposit intake with the balance around FX and other fees. And so as we see interest rates come back, the value of those deposits will as well.
Stephen Scherr: So since there are no more questions, I'd like to take a moment to thank everyone for joining the call on behalf of our Senior Management team, we hope to see many of you in the coming months. If additional questions arise in the meantime, please do not hesitate to reach out to Carey and the Investor Relations team. Otherwise, please stay safe and we look forward to speaking with you on our fourth-quarter call in January. Thank you.
David Solomon: Glenn, I appreciate the question. I know one of the things you're getting at. There is no question, there is comp pressured, there's wage inflation everywhere at all aspects of every business right now, we're extremely focused on it. We are pay-for-performance culture, and there is no question that people are performing.  But we're very, very comfortable that we're managing this in a way where we can show real operating leverage to our shareholders given our performance, and at the same time, pay our people exceptionally for the exceptional performance. And we're on top of that. We feel good about it.
David Solomon: Sure. I'll start and Steven may add some comments, but we -- this is -- Christian, this is something that we're focused on over the long-term. I think we've built an excellent platform from a standing start of a 0. In five years, we felt a very, very significant depository institution with over $100 billion of digital deposits, no branches, very small marketing budget, a customer acquisition costs.  The cost of the infrastructure that holds and drives those deposits is very, very efficient, vis-à-vis the other models. We have 9 million customers that we're servicing right now. We have our own credit card platform that I think is really differentiated, and we're onboarding both other partnerships, but also have the opportunity for proprietary card that's in development.  We've talked publicly about adding digital checking to the portfolio during 2022, and that is on track and it's expanding. GreenSky allows us to broadly expand our point-of-sale capability. And was highlighted in the starting comments, their tech platform, their cloud-based technology integrates very seamlessly into what we're doing.  And so we feel very good about the fact that we're going to continue to grow this and build a consequential business. We have a long-term view with it. I am not going to comment on a revenue growth percentage, unlike a lot of the fintechs that are simply trying to look at a revenue growth model.  We're looking to build a sustainable business that contributes durable recurring earnings to Goldman Sachs over time and to compound that. And we do believe that if we serve clients well in a seamless way with good technology, it will continue to grow and we will do that. I don't know, Stephen, if you have anything else you think should be added.
David Solomon: Well, Christian, I appreciate your focus on the share gains. I don't -- I think it's a really important part and highlight of what we've been executing on in the context of the strategy that we laid out when we went back to Investor Day. And so I think there are a couple of things we've tried to do very differently over the last few years to strengthen the position of this business. And I think the accruing results that will be quite sticky.  And I don't want to say that the share gains are going to continue at this pace because they won't, we know that. But we've positioned the business much, much better for I think 2 principal reasons. Number 1, the business has been much more focused on having a client-centric one GF culture to really figure out how to serve the needs of our clients in a very holistic way.  The business has been less transactional, more long-term focused on the client relationship and the level of client service, while bringing to bear the market-making, provisioning, and financing capabilities of the firm that we have. And I'm hearing repeatedly from clients that they see a real switch in the way we're operating the business, and it's accruing the market share gains, it's benefiting us in that context.  Number 2, we were never an organization that focused on financing our clients as a business segment that we could meaningfully grow and target. And so since the Investor Day, we targeted our ability to grow our financing capability across both equities and SEC, and we succeeded on that, and that's a place where we've taken market share. And that is more durable share, obviously.  And we continue to think there are opportunities that, we can continue to prosecute on -- on the financing side. And that's different. I would also highlight that we've been making significant investments in technology and we have the scale and have developed platforms that enhance the competitive position that we have with clients. And I think one of the things that's happening broadly is the leading players here, given the tech necessity, have an advantage to secondary or tertiary players.  And so we're benefiting from that also. Now there's no question, this is a very conducive environment the performance in that business, and we're not sitting here saying this level of performance will continue. But I think that the way we're running the business, the focus we've made, certainly takes us a step function up from where we were in 2019.  I'd also say as part of our Investor Day, we were focused on efficiencies in operating that business. And so even if we went back to a different level or at a higher hurdle return rate and the business at lower levels, and so we feel very good about the way the business is positioned.
David Solomon: Sure. And I'll try to talk at a high level about something Steve, and I think you're right. We're at a moment in time where the activity levels are quite high. First on fundraising, I just say that one of the reasons why we got very focused a few years ago in a much more organized way, growing our third-party capital and building institutional relationships to add to our alternatives platform, is because there really is secular growth in the context of capital allocation into alternatives.  And you get out and you get around the world, whether it's governments sovereign wealth funds or broad institutions. All of them or broad array of them are increasing their allocation to alternatives. I think, in addition, there's no question that we're in a position -- the world is in a position where retail participation to wealthy individuals is broadly expanding in the alternative space.  And so there's more access being offered to wealthy individuals. We've always had a distribution channel with ultra-wealthy individuals, but that access is broadening more significantly. And so I do think we have a number of years ahead of broad secular growth in terms of the capital allocation onto these broad global alternatives platforms. I think we're very well-positioned for that, and so that's helping us in the context of our fundraising as we highlighted.  With respect to deal activity there's a lot of dry powder out there. I would note that sponsor activity in M&A was a much higher percentage of activity this quarter than it's been over the last few years. And in the past, when sponsor activity has increased, it won for a while, but then ultimately it will be something that it facts it off. We're watching the velocity of our lending activity into that sponsor activity very carefully, thinking very carefully about risk management around that. It feels at the moment, given the continued accommodative monetary and fiscal policy environment and the reacceleration of the economy coming out of the pandemic, that this will run for some while. But that's also something that we're going to watch very carefully because it won't sustain at this pace. We'll certainly be speed bumps along the way.
David Solomon: I think our outlook, there are confluence, the things Jeff that are going on that are obviously quite accommodative for this. You're right, at any point in time, that mix could change and we wouldn't see the same robust amount of client activity. But we have fundamental growth. In markets, we have fundamental growth and economic activity around the world. And that over periods of time grows long-term growth in these business platforms.  So I certainly would say we were running at very, very robust capital markets activity in the investment banking franchise at the moment. But I'd also say whenever things slowed down or rebalance a little, we're going to find that these businesses are baseline fundamentally larger than they were five years ago because of the growth in market capital world and the growth in economic activity in the world.  And so we've always said that there's a real correlation to economic activity to our activity. There's real correlation in market cap growth to our activity. Obviously, these things will ebb and flow. But we have lots of flexibility in the context and the way we manage the businesses. And these businesses, I think will continue to be strong performers even in different environment, they just might not perform at this level all the time.
David Solomon: I mean, I point to a couple of things at a high level, Betsy, there's no question. One of the reasons why NN was really attractive to us is that in our asset management business, we've been punching below our weight across Europe, both in terms of the assets that we were supervising, but also on our distribution capabilities and accelerates that. I still think there's more opportunity there.  I do think around some of the public portion of our GSAM business across the world. There's still opportunities for us to punch with a better way, even though at this point, we're one of the top five active Asset managers. And so we continue to think about that as an opportunity.  I think there are opportunities for us around the Wealth Management business, in particular in Europe and we've been focused on that. I think there are wealth management opportunities for us in the U.S. as we move from simply managing money with ultra-high net worth clienteles that have been our traditional PWN business to a more mass affluent structure in using digital technology and extending the use of Ayco.  China is another place where there's opportunity for us from a wealth management perspective, and you've seen we've announced our joint venture with ICBC, which we think is an interesting opportunity in that part of the world. And so those are a handful of things from a regionalized basis, I would highlight.
David Solomon: The one thing though -- one thing, Mike, that I want to add very, very clearly. the reason our transaction banking platform is I think accelerating and its success, is because the quality of the offering for our clients is differentiated and better meeting their needs than the existing offerings.  And part of the reason, as Steven highlighted, we could do that so quickly was because it's easier to build on the Cloud and transition. But fundamentally, this is an example of us seeing an opportunity to build a digital platform, that took friction out of an activity that was deeply embedded on our corporate clients.  As a user of that activity, we saw that experience and we saw that there were ways that that experience could be improved. And we've built a platform that delivers a better experience. And that's why it's succeeding. That's why it's meeting targets and continuing to grow. And that's why we're very optimistic.  Stephen laid out few a billion dollars of revenue. We're confident in that target. And this business has margin in it and will be a good contributor. And so we're very confident about how we'll continue to execute. But fundamentally it's not the quality of the product we're delivering to our clients.
David Solomon: Sure. I'll start here on that. And I appreciate the question, Brennan. But first, it's a very different Company as an independent public Company, than it is as a platform inside Goldman Sachs. And one of the big weaknesses of the Company as an independent public Company is it didn't have a funding model, and it had to fund differently. Inside Goldman Sachs, we have funding.  An attractive funding that becomes a technology platform that allows us to connect to a very attractive base of customers that we can pull into the market's ecosystem. I think the merchant network that they develop, well over 10,000 merchants, and they developed over 15 years is extremely valuable.  And then the work we did to try to have a point-of-sale merchant network and look at that, we think it would have taken us close to ten years to develop a similar network. And so the ability to acquire that network, bringing very, very high-quality customer, these are customers that aren't homes, these are customers that have high FICO Scores, very, very attractive into Goldman Sachs.  It allowed us to do something that fits seamlessly into our platform and allowed us to expand the point-of-sale activities that we were doing. And so we feel very, very good about it. And we think that this acquisition will consistently deliver 20%+ returns on the activity that it generates.
David Solomon: Sure, Brennan. I will bring you back -- I really want to bring you back and center you to -- center you around what we said during our Investor Day. We laid out a strategy that said we will continue to invest in our core businesses to grow market share and increase of positioning. I think we've done that.  There's still some opportunities to continue to do that. But we highlighted a handful of areas where we saw opportunities to grow and expand our competitive position while also increasing the mix of durable fee-based revenues into the business. And when you look at those areas, it's transaction banking, it's asset management, it's wealth management, and it's our digital consumer bank. And so as we look forward, I still think there are opportunities to grow all four of those areas. I think we can continue to grow them organically, but when there are opportunities to make an acquisition that can accelerate our competitive position and our growth in one of those areas, we're going to take a hard look at it. As I've said before, the bar for us to do something very significant is extraordinarily high. I think there is still opportunities -- there may be opportunities in the coming years for us to do things that can accelerate those areas.  But we are focused on those 4 areas because those 4 areas diversify the durability of our revenues and allow us to continue to grow a more durable and consistent earnings stream. And so that's the frame that we'll continue to look at. I wouldn't point to anything more specifically.
David Solomon: So when we -- when we -- I appreciate the question, Devin. It's obviously something strategically we've been very focused on. But I'll go back to some of the things that we said at Investor Day, that kind of geared our focus on this. We've been in these businesses for a long time, and we actually have something that I think is very differentiated and that we have a truly broad global product offering that is relatively built out and has been built out for a number of years.  We have positions in private equity, in growth equity, in credit, in real estate, in infrastructure, and we also have them globally around the world. And when you look at a lot of the freestanding firms, there are some that have that broad array, but very few have all the products on a global basis the way we are set up.  What was differentiated or different about our business and alternatives before we roll that together and got it focused, is generally our LP relationships, came through our private wealth network. And we've raised an enormous amount of money through our private wealth network, including the partners of the firm, while we had some institutional LP relationships. We had not really been a large institutional funder into this business platform.  And given our relationship with a lot of these institutions broadly from other activities, we knew that if we took a one-GS approach at really taking a long-term view and building relationships with those institutional partners, we could grow our partnership with them. So a big part of the growth opportunity has been adding new LPs to our ecosystem. And if you look at strategic solutions, which we raised last year, there were a number of probably a dozen new significant institutional LP that the first time they were coming onto our platform was in that strategic solutions fund.  So I think it's a big opportunity for us to continue to expand that, it's something we're very focused on. But the opportunity for us is less than product addition. Although we are at in products, we just raised the horizon fund, which is an ESG centered funds, will allow us to allocate capital into certain climate technologies.  And we'll add other product capability that we think are interesting. But our focus is on meaningfully using the Goldman Sachs platform and the broad institutional relationships we have to really meaningfully expand [Indiscernible] institutional LLPs that are partnered with us. And I think we have a lot of upside to run on that.
David Solomon: Sure. So there's no question that activities that we're involved in are digitizing quickly. I think there is a meaningful acceleration in the disruption that the digitalization of financial services is occurring. There are places that, that digitization is allowing us to disrupt and accelerate our position.  The two we've talked about a bunch today on this call that are happening because the digital infrastructure, our ability to do what we're doing in transaction banking, is taking some of this digital disruption and using it in a different way. What we're doing in building a digital consumer bank is also relying on this. You know the broader -- digital ecosystem, I think it's an early stage as I think we're version 1.0 I think you'll continue to see a lot of disruption on traditional ways that financial services are delivered and consumed.  I think big competitive platforms will continue to be a place where more financial services are remediated. I think there are lots of complications around the regulatory structure and how the regulatory structure will ultimately manage some of this as the technology allows for more disruption, but I think we're very early in the game and I think it is a big opportunity for the firm and the firm continues to be focused on it.
