Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Obviously, I don't have great transparency into the competitors' footprints. I don't think that any of the things you mentioned, sort of the balance sheet actions we've taken because they've been very surgical – although meaningful they've been very surgical over time and very thoughtfully executed. I don't think those are issues and, obviously, all firms have adjusted to Volcker. So, I don't think those are drivers. I think when you look at the year-over-year, obviously, we had a very strong first quarter 2015 relative to the peer set. And I know revenue is the most transparent benchmark you have. But when you look at the performance in the first quarter, obviously we outperformed in the first quarter of last year and obviously much more challenging for us this quarter.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year as we work through, obviously, there are various client segments we work with, whether they're retail clients, private wealth, also institutional clients. And what we're really seeing is a mix shift more to institutional mandates during the period. That had an impact. I think longer term, obviously, I can't predict the longer term. We're looking to basically provide service to all those clients as best we can through long, long cycles. But you're seeing obviously the positive inflows which are quite good. So if you ask me to think of the future, I would point more to the flows than the asset mix.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So the transaction closed on Friday. It went quite smoothly. We're up and running under the GS moniker. I would encourage you to think of this really as we've described it, which is, this is all part of our funding diversification. In that sense, we always, as you know, look to have a diversified funding base. This is just an extra toolkit for us in the financing and so we'll view it over time. But in terms of driving revenues, it's really part of our liability management strategy.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Yeah. So in terms of the go-forward, I guess if I was to give you a best estimate, I'd say something similar to last year.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So, I just want to make sure understand – I answer your question completely. In terms of the quarter, the way I would describe it is March was better than February and February was better than January. It's early in April, so it's obviously pretty early in the quarter, but I would say that it really feels like many of the factors that were impacting the market in the first quarter, particularly early on, seem to have abated and although the market feels a little fragile from all that, it feels like – for the most part, that feels like that's behind us. But we'll see how the year progresses. In terms of the longer-term observation around the competitive dynamic, again, in a quarter like this, hard to see it when our clients are experiencing such volatility and such stress, but I think based on announcements and parts of the business where we're seeing client flows move, engagement with clients is quite good and we're getting good feedback. So I think a quarter like we just had actually only makes the competitor forward look better, but we'll see.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Yes, so as it relates to I&L, just to level set everyone, obviously we created that disclosure to provide more transparency, and that is, as you described it, the most price-sensitive asset parts of the balance sheet. And so that's why I provide it that way. So, as I mentioned, for example, there are parts of the portfolio, as you know, that are public equity securities where, again, we may sit alongside our clients. As those are monetized out of a fund, there are restrictions and lockup periods. And so that portfolio, as I mentioned, was negative roughly $140 million during the course of the quarter. And so there will be some element idiosyncratic movement. Sometimes that portfolio will outperform. When you look at history, it has generally outperformed. Even if you take the last eight quarters including this quarter, the entire I&L segment has generated $11 billion in revenues. In terms of incentive fees, it's going to be specific, obviously, to performance, which has been solid, but obviously markets are going to have an influence on incentive fees also.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So something that I think you're certainly seeing a pickup – if you look at IPOs, I think there were something in the first couple weeks of April approaching 40 IPOs during the first couple weeks. So certainly elements of the marketplace which obviously slowed down very specifically. But I think after a tough first quarter like the whole market has experienced, I think that there may be a slow reaction function in terms of how various market participants engage the marketplace. But it feels like, as I said before, the most significant factors impacting the first quarter seem to have abated, at least for now.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: I think generally I would agree with your statement over very long periods of time, but I think in terms of the M&A cycle that we're in now, while off a little bit from the levels of 2015, the level of dialogue there feels quite good. As I mentioned, our backlog across advisory, equity and debt is up year-over-year after a strong year. So the dialogue and level of engagement feels quite good at this stage. Certainly there was an element to the first quarter which had a bit of a chilling effect for a period, but right now the dialogue feels good. We'll see how it goes in the future.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So obviously we're – look, we always have our eye on ways we can look to operate more efficiently. We've talked about it a lot, that this is a performance-driven culture, and the performance wasn't great in the first quarter and as a result you saw compensation and benefits expense down 40% year-over-year. Again, that's our culture, and so you're going to see those adjustments. In terms of other cost initiatives, I know there's been a lot of stuff in the press. I guess I would really summarize it as follows. I would just say we're shareholders and we're doing things that you would expect shareholders to do.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So I think I just want to clarify one thing. Because I think one of the messages that maybe gets mistranslated as it comes across is – and let's just pick FICC, because I think that's really what you're talking about when you talk about trading. We have expressed a commitment to FICC. What we mean by that, very explicitly, is we're committed to our clients and we're committed to providing superior returns over the cycle. Commitment does not mean inaction, and I think that's what gets a little bit confused in this message. And actually, as far as I can tell, Mike, all of our U.S. peers, they're committed to FICC, too. But back to Goldman Sachs for a second. If you think about the things we've done over the last couple of years, since the middle of 2013 we've taken the ICS balance sheet down 25% and FICC RWAs, market and credit down 30%. On the cost side – we've been very focused on the capital side, and on the cost side since the beginning of 2012, we've taken FICC related head count down 10, and we've taken compensation down by more than 20%. So, I wouldn't say that there's been any inaction. However, I would reiterate that we've been quite committed to our clients and committed to the return. Now, look, this has been, and I admit it, because I agree with you, Mike, this has been a tough period and this has been a long cycle. But we have a long history of managing our business across the cycle. In 2009, we didn't overinvest in the top, and we're going to be thoughtful about not underinvesting but we are certainly responding to the last several years of decline in (30:04) revenue.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Well, look. I think you're right to point out that for four years running we are one of the very small handful of firms that have had double-digit ROEs. This is a quarter, I certainly wouldn't sit here and tell you, we are happy about this quarter, but we will do what it takes over time to make sure that we deliver for our clients and maximize the returns for our shareholders in a prudent way. So we are quite focused.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So the NII was roughly $240 million and then the offset within provisions, and the majority the offset, about two thirds was in energy related.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: No, it is not. When you actually look at it – I think the best way to look at this is with the funded portion of the non-investment grade portion of the energy portfolio. It was high-single digits last quarter, and it remains high-single digits.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So – yeah. So in the oil and gas sector, this period, including funded, unfunded, investment-grade and non-investment grade was $10.7 billion. That's up from $10.6 billion in the fourth quarter. Now let's just focus on non-investment grade. Non-investment grade is $5 billion. That's up from $4.2 billion. In part, obviously that's driven up by ratings downgrades and actions by the ratings agencies during the course of the quarter, and the funded portion of that is $1.6 billion, and that was up about $100 million. So you can kind of matrix back through all that, and you can see the shift in the portfolio was a result of the ratings agencies.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So on the fully phased-in ratios, they are flat quarter-over-quarter, advanced is a 11.7%, and standardized is 12.9%.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Well, first and foremost I'd say the thing that drive the strategy is not digitization in and of itself, it's how we engage our clients. You're right to point out that the equity business went through a pretty significant evolution. While that evolution in historical perspective feels short, it was a multiyear process that really began in 1999 and it finished in the mid 2000s and continues to evolve. I don't know necessarily that I would agree with that we're at a tipping point. It's all about opinions. But it feels like we're in an evolution where obviously clients are looking for efficiencies and we're looking for efficiencies, but the reality is that a vast majority of the fixed income market is more bespoke; it won't lend itself to that. But to the extent to which we can deliver to our clients and drive efficiencies, we're obviously very focused on it.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Well I think, look, you've seen some of the evolutionary steps we've taken in terms of the balance sheet reductions and the risk-weighted assets that I talked about earlier. It may be the case that over periods of time, depending on how much client activity there is, but the extent to which it shifts to electronic channels like we've seen under the regulatory framework for swap execution facilities, those transitions happen very, very quickly, and we adjust very, very quickly.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So, as you and I talked about over the last couple of years, I don't think we would have imagined a couple of years ago that the industry would be in a position where three of the largest firms were going through a change in leadership and what appears to be a very, very significant change in strategy. That change in strategy is different for all of them, some of them it's geographically driven, some so far, some of it is pulling resources back from certain businesses like derivatives. To us, it feels like the feedback is quite good. Obviously difficult to see that in a really tough first quarter, but I would say on the ground, the feedback is good and it continues to improve our position. With respect to how we're positioned, I think we feel tremendously well positioned given our footprint.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Yeah. So, as I spoke about in the early remarks, commodities were down year-over-year, that really – the VaR reductions you're really seeing are more reflection of the environment. While there was volatility during the course of the period, obviously in commodities, client flows were pretty muted as people really were a bit taken back, I wouldn't say in shock, but a bit taken back by the depressed energy prices and the movement down. It didn't translate into lots of activity during the course of the quarter.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Yeah. As I said before, March was better than February and February was certainly better than January. So I would say that's been the general trend. As I said before, the factors that really were impacting the market so severely in the first quarter, at least for now, they seem to have abated.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Yeah. So I would say with respect to the liquidity dynamic, if I had to rank factors and it's very hard to quantify these things, I would say factors like conviction around the markets because of the sharp decline in the oil price and obviously the negative interest rate environment and the big shift to, as you said, the buy-side holding lots of assets, I think those are as significant a driver in the current environment as is regulation, given that banks are holding less inventory globally. I think that underpinning all of that is that when you look at the client base, regardless of how much velocity may be in their current trading activities quarter-to-quarter, the core needs in terms of their need for liquidity and our desire to provide it, that remains. So I think the core of it is the same.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: I think you're right to say that, obviously, the big universal banks, they're two or three times our size, they have a much bigger lending profile and a bigger retail commitment. So they will naturally participate in some flows that, given their size, we won't participate in. But the value is really in servicing the client and so the extent to which we can provide value to a client, obviously, we want to make sure we're doing that.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So we saw, obviously, to the extent to which there were financings in the first quarter, they're obviously energy-related financing activity and we were very involved in that. I would say that, look, the space has been under extreme stress which emerged over a fairly short period of time, measured more in months than years, and so I think our expectation that there will be active dialogue across the industry. Whether or not that manifests itself immediately in the near term, we'll have to see, but obviously the industry is going through quite a bit in this price environment.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Yeah. So, look, we think of all of our clients as important, but obviously, we've had a big commitment to the hedge fund industry across equities and fixed them for a long time. We're always rooting for their performance, and so to the extent to which they have improved performance, it may be a catalyst for increased activity. Because in periods like we went through in the first quarter, obviously, they have a tendency to derisk and it reduces trading velocity over many months, although it may be, for example, an active day from time to time. But I think sentiment seems to be improving, but we're going to have to say, as I said before, it's still a little fragile.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So I think – look, you have to give the regulators a lot of credit over the last several years for making – and I'll focus more on the U.S. financial system, including things like CCAR. I think that the safety and soundness of the large U.S. banks and the whole system, they deserve a lot of credit for driving some of that. Obviously, we made a lot of changes to our balance sheet even prior to the regulations, but I think you have to give them a lot of credit for it. I think that all these good benefits which we all benefit from, they come at some marginal cost. It's very hard to measure that marginal cost. I don't know. I have yet to see a very good analysis that breaks down in great detail the impact of negative rates, the fact that we had declining spreads for multiple years that increased asset holdings for mutual funds compared to the shrinkage of bank balance sheets and come up with something that really does a great cost-benefit analysis. I don't think we've seen that. But I think we have to argue the benefits are pretty clear. Now, as it informs our strategy, look, we have an obligation to deliver to our clients and we have an obligation to make sure that we comply with the rules in the way that we can most thoughtfully. And so that's how we approach our strategy. To the extent to which there was demand for the balance sheet and client activity picked up and that demand was accretive to returns, we'd be happy to grow the balance sheet, given the strength of our capital ratios. But we just haven't seen that, so you're not seeing us do this. But over time, the system is going to have to balance liquidity needs and I think that will happen. It just may take a while.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Well, I think if you go back to history, even ignoring the recent regulatory changes that both clients and market providers participated in, if you go back to some of the formation of Tradeweb back into the early 2000s, I think all of those vehicles, and there may have always been challenges at the start, whether it's TRACE reporting or Tradeweb or things like that. I think over time, those generally have been at the margin, maybe not in all cases, they've contributed to increased liquidity. I think so far the markets have adjusted to things, as I said before, very well and the regulators have done a very good job of introducing swap execution facilities and gradually implementing these things. So I think the extent to which those things have occurred has been helpful. I think where most people talk about liquidity in the marketplace really relates to transacting corporate credit and high yield credit and I don't know of a technological solution that is sort of a cure-all for that. It's all very bespoke and that may be an area that for a while the market struggles with, but not just because of regulation, it's because of all the factors I talked about before.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So, obviously, we're paying very close attention to it, whether we're monitoring it from a market and credit risk perspective or from a strategy perspective. As you know, under the framework, as we understand it, it's a multiyear transition to the extent to which Brexit goes under it. But we feel when we look at it, again I want to caveat this given there's a lot of uncertainty – when we look at it, we feel like in terms of our physical commitment to the region that we're well prepared. But again, there'll be a lot that all of us will learn to the extent to which the referendum goes through on June 23. But that'll be a multiyear process.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So we're obviously always focused on running the business efficiently. We don't target a pre-tax margin for the business. So over time, you may see that move as we're investing in the business, as we're taking on different types of asset pools, but we look at it across the whole business, but we don't target it.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: The preferred that you saw us do this quarter was the exchange of preferreds. So we were net neutral on the preferreds this quarter.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: But you're right to point out that last year – all the things you point out about last year are accurate. Look, we utilize preferreds to the extent to which they are consistent with our capital plan and our objectives. Generally speaking, as you've heard me say before, we view them as reasonably expensive securities, and so we're not desirous to use them beyond where we think they sort of fit optimally in the capital structure.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: There were during the quarter. They weren't material, but I don't have that number off the top of my head.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Well, there was one large transaction in the marketplace which looks like in part in response to Treasury actions. It's no longer in the marketplace. We were a participant in that. But I would say that's a minimal factor in the status of the backlog. And so, no, I'd say these are small impacts.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So it feels like the fundamental conditions for I'd say an elevated level of M&A activity, they all feel like they're still in place. And those things are challenged top line growth, slow to very moderate GDP growth globally, and so it all feels like it's still in place.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So we really try never to drive balance sheet to different parts of the firm in a top-down way. It really comes bottom-up, and it comes bottom-up because it's in response to exactly what you're describing. It's client activity. If our bankers need more capital and more liquidity for their clients because they're financing M&A transactions, but we can't – obviously, from the top, we can't control that from the leadership of the firm. And so it's really in response. So I would say velocity broadly, whether it's in M&A, debt, financing, the ICS businesses, that really is the driving motor for the firm. Obviously, we look to be as thoughtful and efficient about our balance sheet as capital as we can in the context of that, but it really is about velocity and activity levels.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Well, thanks for acknowledging what we've done over the last couple of years. Look, we're net ROE focused. And net ROE, as I just talked to you about, that's going to be driven in part by client levels of activity. And so, for example, as you know, at the beginning of the year, we go through a firm-wide review of resources, and when you look at that over historical time periods, that's resulted in about a 5% adjustment to resources in the firm. This year as we went through that exercise, parts of the businesses that were more challenged, like fixed income, they elected to take more significant action. And so they would have been greater than 5% during this period. But they're just responding to the market environment and there has been demand for their services in the short run.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Yeah. It's great question. It's less the absolute price level; it was more the shock and the nature of the decline. And so when you think about the precipitous nature of the decline and you go through the various client segments, so think about producers responding to that decline in prices and, for example, certainly you didn't see much incremental addition to hedge portfolio activity. On the consumer side, when you get those moves down so quickly, they tend to be a delay until you find some price stability. And for investors, I think the move was so volatile that it was difficult for investors to participate. We've certainly seen some stabilizing in those flows and increased market participation over the last several weeks. But what we saw in the first quarter, really not surprising in terms of client behavior.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So I wouldn't – just to get a little ticky-tacky on language, I wouldn't that there's a shyness or lack of shyness or aggression or anything like that. We very specifically and carefully go through our capital plan and we ask for what we think is appropriate. And so that's the way I would describe it.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So, I guess, I would say a couple of things. First, Dick, over the last several years, as you pointed out, we've been a $34 billion firm. However, we have changed. During that time period, we sold off $2.5 billion-plus worth of businesses, and we replaced those revenues. You've seen us grow our Asset Management business. Over the time period, when you look at our performance versus the peer group, and I thank you for acknowledging we're the best, we've continued to outperform the peers. We've grown book value. We've returned $25 billion to shareholders over the past four years, and so we have done many things. We can't control what happens in terms of the environment. We don't believe negative interest rates are going to be here forever. We don't believe the client activity is going to be low forever. And you really have to look at this over long periods of time. Look, I will go back to book value, Dick. If you look at it over the past decade, we've grown it by threefold. I think that's contributing value.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Yeah. So, again, it's all about language, Dick. I would agree with some of the things you're saying. I certainly wouldn't agree with your statement that we are sitting here, waiting for the world to do what it does. If we felt like there was a client segment or a transaction we could do that would benefit our shareholders, and we could deliver to those clients, we would do it. We're open-minded. There is a reason why we're the leading advisory firm in the world. We would take our own advice, Dick.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So, look, at this stage, it's our best estimate, Marty, in terms of where we think the year will go. Obviously, the performance was challenged in the first quarter and you saw competition of benefit expense come down 40%. It's pretty meaningful.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Yeah. I understand your point. It really is our best estimate. We're going to have to see how the year progresses.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So, when we budget and plan for it, it really is a process through which, because of the nature, again, this is a long-term business, where we're committing long-term capital, it really is done under a very controlled process where the businesses request that capital. As you pointed out, we had roughly $240 million of NII in there. And now the majority of the balance sheet, and this has been in transition over several years, the balance sheet has transitioned more to debt and lending activities, but that is not something, again, that we drove top-down. That was driven by the client demand and the opportunity set. As I said, look, you have to look at this over the long term. As I said earlier, including our first quarter, it's driven $11 billion of revenue over the last eight quarters.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: But you have to look at this at the long term because it's going to be – it's pro-cyclical and there's going to be volatility quarter to quarter.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: Well, I would say that this has been a pretty extreme quarter. You have to go back to the third quarter of 2011 or back to other periods where markets have been extremely volatile to see this kind of performance. But, again, it reinforces what we've told you already, which is, it's price sensitive, it's pro-cyclical and quarter to quarter, you really have to look at it over the long term.
Harvey Mitchell Schwartz: So, hey, everybody, since there are no more questions, I'd like to take a moment to thank all of you for joining the call. Hopefully, I and other members of senior management will see many of you in the coming months. If you have any questions come up, please don't hesitate to reach out to Dane. Otherwise, enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks, everyone.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Harvey, we'll go from the strategic to the very tactical of my questions here. We've harped on this in the past on kind of the timing of the comp ratio. Year-over-year the expenses were right in line with revenues. But if you look from sequential, you had a 13% reduction in revenues and a 29% increase in your overall compensation. So that combination really created a squeeze on your returns, which if you would have adjusted for that, would have raised your return on tangible common equity by 1.5 percentage points, 2 percentage points in this particular quarter. So just was curious, in the past, it's worked in your favor. This quarter, it really didn't.
Marty Mosby: No, it was. I am just saying, sequentially the pattern, it just throws you off, and it creates the pressure on returns in a first quarter that's not strong, but weak. Whereas if you were on the average for the year and kept it kind of constant for the average, then you would have a much more kind of just leveled out playing field that we'd just have a dramatic shift between fourth and first quarter. So that's the way...
Marty Mosby: I got you. And you adjust for those two pieces, you put it to an average in I&L and kind of the average compensation ratio for the year and you're really at 9.5% kind of returns. So that's the benefit you'd have as you kind of roll forward. So, thanks.
