Gregory Palm: My first comment would be and I think you probably know this very well. In this market there has to be a long and a short. That is perfectly clear. Other point I would really emphasize is in order to have a transaction in this market you have to have some reference portfolio of securities which is satisfactory to both the longs who are looking at the portfolio; they are not really looking at really anything else and the short who are looking at the same portfolio and deciding that. As you know, whether the shorts are us or anyone else.  Paulson entered the process here with ACA and at least based on the record we have we actually have no idea where ACA got, assuming they did because that is alleged here the impression that Paulson was a “equity investor.”
Gregory Palm: I am sure we would have put them in contact with each other. Do I recall precisely what date that occurred on? There is no evidence introduced to us exactly what their involvement. The question is what was ACA thinking. I don’t know for sure what they were thinking simply because as I have described we are part of this case and the only evidence we have been given as to what they were “thinking” is the SEC statements as to what they were thinking and as to how we influenced that thinking as to what they were thinking you would see it in the complaint. I have no knowledge beyond that. 
Gregory Palm: The case itself is about the offering circular in terms of risks. Let’s back up and not be too legalistic. These investments relative to the investor is referenced securities. Although this isn’t a registered U.S. offering there is a particular SEC regulation called an AB which specifies the types of information about the securities you have to put into a prospectus of this type. Unlike a Ford Motor Company where you put in a description of Ford Motor Company and certain required disclosures mostly describing the company in a variety of ways.  Here unlike that is providing to the potential “investor” a list of all the particular assets he or she is investing in. In this case since it is a CDO, the financial institution’s investments. The reason for the risk factors of which as you can see there are many, we are making no representation other than the fact that yes these are the securities referenced in the portfolio because after all the performance of those securities had nothing to do with anything but the future; i.e. how was the mortgage or housing market going to perform in the future. So that is the role we played. 
Gregory Palm: What I would say about that is our policy has always been to disclose to our investors everything we consider to be material. That would include investigations, obviously lawsuits, regulatory matters, anything. Whether there is a Wells or not a Wells if we consider it to be material we go ahead and disclose it and that is our policy. To get to your question we do not disclose every Wells we get simply because that wouldn’t make sense. Therefore we just disclose it if we consider it to be material. 
Gregory Palm: Two things. One, on the generality of how often or whatever I must admit I have never done a frequency analysis so I can’t tell you for us. It is not that relevant to the investor on the other side. The investor on the other side is told in the prospectus that in fact we are selling it and from their perspective we are the short. From their perspective it is irrelevant. The only other point I think I would make here is when the transaction was effectuated, as it were, the final transaction was settled and we obviously didn’t have to do a transaction if we weren’t willing to sit here and hold this long position which is what we did. Whether or not we were going to sell it in the future or try to sell it or whatever else, all of that could be true. When we did the transaction we obviously held the position and we kept holding the position. 
Gregory Palm: By the FSA? The short answer is I am not aware of any at all. Full stop. All corners of our industry are investigated all the time about everything. It doesn’t cause anything. 
Gregory Palm: Obviously we were somewhat surprised on Friday morning that this was a filed complaint since no one had told us about it in advance. We are certainly in the early stages of this case so in terms of resolution there all sorts of mechanical things involved in cases which I am sure you would like for me to speak a long time about but everyone in this room would probably get bored. We have not yet been served. There is a process in the court where you have to “answer” within 20 days once you are served except there are extensions to do that. Litigation would play out over time. Whether it is resolved quickly over time, takes a long time or not I really couldn’t say. 
Gregory Palm: I obviously have hit the options. You got to trial which is what we are doing. You always have the option if there is an agreeable settlement to both sides settling at any point in time too. The timeline as stated before is actually totally unknown at this time. It could take a lot of time or a little time but we just don’ t know. 
Gregory Palm: I think what I would say is we are out talking to our clients. I think you can see from our results last quarter our clients still support us. Our view is our clients will support us as long as we provide very good service to our clients. That has been the key to our success. It has been the key to our success for a very, very long time. Our people through the entire financial practice are out talking with clients. We are out providing service to their clients. We are out driving prices and liquidity to their clients and we are still doing that. I think as long as we continue to perform for our clients they will be happy with us. If we stop performing for them then they won’t. 
Gregory Palm: It is very hard to quantify what effect any of the legislation could have because it is very uncertain in how it affects all of the different markets which are uncertain. As far as some of the derivatives legislation we have said this before, we support greater standardization in the derivatives market. We support the increased use of central clearing houses. We think it will make the market safer and frankly given we are very conservative in our credit terms we think it will make us more competitive. We are supportive of much of the derivatives legislation that is out there.  As far as underwriting standards, I think that all of the regulators always are and always have been focused on underwriting standards. That is one of the most important things in driving a safe and efficient market is having good underwriting standards. I am not sure there is any new legislation on it. It is a big focus of every regulator and a big focus of ours and always has been. 
Gregory Palm: The concept of, I think as I indicted in my remarks, the SEC for the past 18 months has been looking generally at the mortgage market; our mortgage deals and in particular focused on what we are talking about here. That is basically all I can say on it right now. 
Gregory Palm: In very simple terms the portfolio here was not selected by John Paulson. The portfolio here was selected by ACA. ACA had the responsibility to do that. They were paid to do it. They did do it and they were the largest investor in this transaction overwhelmingly. They certainly had every incentive to do it. As I indicated in the prepared remarks way more than half of the portfolio are things they suggested and I use the word “suggested.” These transactions get suggestions from all sorts of people typically. That is why I would say there is nothing to what is in there. 
Gregory Palm: Number one, as you know I believe it didn’t matter what was selected here. If you bought in the 2006 vintage you got crushed when the market collapsed which no one could predict. This was basically just taking a view on what was happening in the housing market so it really didn’t matter at all. Secondly, think about the fact that ACA was the economic purchaser of more than 85% of the deal. So they selected the portfolio. They were paid to select the portfolio and they invested totally in the portfolio. Once again I have to end up at the same conclusion. We just disagree with the legal theory here as well as the way the facts are characterized. 
Gregory Palm: You started out with “if the law requires” and why is the argument wrong. We don’t believe the law requires it. We certainly don’t believe it is material in this context at all. 
Gregory Palm: Commenting on your description is somewhat challenging. One point I would make is that the advocates transaction as you can see from reading the SEC complaint stands out on unique facts including the “allegation” that somehow one of our employees misled or negligently misled ACA into thinking Paulson was something other than he turned out to be. The facts here are incredibly, I would say, narrow in that sense. 
Gregory Palm: First of all I have no idea how the SEC is approaching this obviously because the case came as quite a surprise. Secondly, when the SEC makes cases like this they typically want some type of a fine and other types of things. Unless they have given the nature of the allegations which is whether or not the individual or firm misled someone about something that is a pretty narrow set of facts. We certainly agree there should be prohibitions from people misleading people and we would never permit it if we knew about it. I have no idea what the SEC would think about and so forth so I can’t really comment beyond that. 
Gregory Palm: I have no idea what ACA knew. I read what I read in the complaint and I read what they say was caused by us negligently or otherwise. 
Gregory Palm: I think you did a pretty good job of coming up with the variations. I have no idea. I really can’t help you out there. As I said somewhere in the prepared remarks this all seems to be, as I said, at root about whether or not someone intentionally misled someone and I have also said that is something we certainly wouldn’t approve of or sanction. Beyond that I have no idea. I can’t really speculate. 
Gregory Palm: Based on the facts as we know them the view is we have no basis for knowing why ACA concluded what it concluded. The SEC obviously alleges it was a negligent or whatever intentionally, there are all sorts of alternatives to this and it is a very technical document, by an employee of ours and it cites these emails which are sitting in the complaint for that proposition.  I think if you read the complaint it certainly provides no basis for representation by us or anything else. Again, we are at the beginning of this litigation and as I said at the beginning our view of the facts is different from the SEC’s view of the facts and the case will proceed. 
Gregory Palm: Yes I would agree with you entirely and if you think about it you can’t do a synthetic trade unless both sides are amenable to whatever you are talking about. Whether or not a financial institution such as ourselves who sits in the middle of the mark and tries to bring people together talking to both sides all the time, then comes up with the [inaudible] going back and forth or otherwise. Of course that is the case. 
Gregory Palm: Our position wasn’t in the equity trench. Our position was a slice of the super senior. We had a slice there which was similar to the same slice ACA would have had on the swap they did using ABN Amro was the credit provider in the middle. It was part of the super senior. 
Gregory Palm: We didn’t have to take that position. Obviously I have been asked the question would we have wanted to redistribute it or whatever else which is somewhat irrelevant to the proposition and when we closed the transaction we took on the position. If you look at the proposed regulatory changes which David alluded to the concept of having skin in the game, the 5% rule or whatever he has talked about if that is adopted in some way you could say that underwriting we had is skin in the game. We held the position. Whether or not we decided to distribute it or wanted to distribute it later is somewhat quite irrelevant because we didn’t have to do the transaction. If we weren’t willing to take on the risk we wouldn’t have taken on the risk. If we believed there was something wrong with this transaction we obviously wouldn’t have put our skin in the game in that way as it were. 
Gregory Palm: I have no idea. You would have to have a different transaction because right now you have to have a long and a short. 
Gregory Palm: The reason you see the loss that has been described is because we held the long position and it deteriorated in value substantially as did all the securities in this market are interested in this and that is why we had the loss. 
Gregory Palm: They had a full economic interest in how the deal performed. ABN Amro’s only role was in essence to stand between ACA and us simply because there was a credit question meaning ABN had collateral posting questions. ABN Amro was willing to take on the possibility that now ACA would have financial difficulties had nothing to do with this particular transaction whether it went up or down. They were there basically as a credit protector and so we faced ABN Amro with a [normatively] same type of swap arrangements going over to ACA. As the deals fluctuated in economic value ABN Amro really had no care or interest in that. Ultimately the only real question was at the end of the day would there be any kind of overall credit problem with ACA because it’s total business or whatever it is they happened to be doing. ABN Amro was there for that reason. As you know all the major financial institutions, never say all, but financial institutions like ABN Amro or Goldman Sachs we are willing to post collateral one way or the other depending on how the positions are moving between each other. 
David Viniar: One of the things we told you over the course of last year is we were transitioning from Basel 1 being regulated by the SEC to Basel 1 being regulated by the Fed and doing so we had to get some models approved and other items that would change the way in which assets were calculated. I think that increase in risk weighted assets was largely due to transitioning to the Fed model. We are now fully on all of the Fed models. 
David Viniar: I would say it like this. We don’t do anything without our capital without the knowledge and approval of our regulators. 
David Viniar: It was a combination of two things I would say. It was lower vol which definitely reflected it and then a continuation of the opportunities there being high velocity on the balance sheet, off the balance sheet, very liquid stuff. It was a combination of those two things which drove the VAR lower. It was not a conscious decision of opportunities we saw and how it impacted the VAR. 
David Viniar: I think it is a question of balance. I think all of the statements you made are still applicable to Goldman Sachs as well. There is still a lot of uncertainty out there. We still want to maintain high capital ratios but even with the buyback we did grow our equity by over $2 billion. Our capital ratios are quite high and remain quite high and I think we are committed to continuing to maintain very conservative, high capital ratios and we will make decisions on buybacks within the context of that commitment. 
David Viniar: What I would say is our compensation ratio was based on our performance, our competitive positioning and the external environment. Any of those could change in the future but that was the balance we struck right now. 
David Viniar: Over 100 is still over 90. We thought 100 was a round number and that would make it read better. There were several other aspects of the transaction that included positive fees and bid offer spreads but then there were also collateral securities we managed in which we lost money and other aspects of the transaction. When we added them all up the net losses to Goldman Sachs were over $100 million. 
David Viniar: It is a very tough question. There is no data to support things. I would say bid offer spreads have tightened somewhat. They are certainly not as robust as they were early in 2009. They are still healthy and there is still very good client activity. Yet, as we have said repeatedly if GDP growth around the world picks up we would expect client activity to pick up as well. So good client activity but hopefully it will get better and bid offer spreads tighter than they were but still healthy. 
David Viniar: I think the Fed has done a terrific job at that. One of the things the Fed made very clear was they signaled way in advance what they were going to do. They signaled and they told the market and they told the market again and they told them again and then when the day came they were going to stop purchasing mortgage securities it was hard to find any market participant who didn’t know on that day they were going to stop shouldn’t be a [market system]. I think the market was completely ready and I think there hasn’t been much effect because of that. I think they have done a terrific job. It is too early to say in 2 weeks into the quarter what is going to happen. 
David Viniar: I think what it shows is how broad and deep our client franchise is. It was strength across every one of the business units, across every one of the regions. It wasn’t dominated by one particular product, one particular trade or one particular region. It was really just broad strength across our entire franchise. I think that is what really, as I said, is very balanced. That is really what drove the performance in the quarter. Very good as opposed to great, very good performance in all of the products. 
David Viniar: It is really because we don’t expect necessarily every one of the businesses to have very good performance at the same time. We talked about hand offs between micro and macro and this was really very good across all of them. 
David Viniar: All I would say is I think derivatives serve an important role in the world’s financial markets. My guess is they will continue to in some form. We will just see how the legislation turns out. 
David Viniar: That is where I want to be very careful. It drove the delta. It didn’t necessarily drive the [inaudible]. 
David Viniar: I think it is fair to say our equities business is relatively balanced between cash and derivatives. 
David Viniar: I would leave this to what Gregory said. We don’t know how this case is going to unfold at this point. It is very early on and we will see how it unfolds. 
David Viniar: I would say the results this quarter the outflows this quarter were basically all in money markets. That is pretty consistent with what we have seen going on around the world. Basically what is happening is the world is re-risking so they are taking money out of money markets and putting it elsewhere. We don’t control all of the dollars so we don’t keep all of them. We did have inflows into fixed income which is pretty consistent again with what has been happening in the world. We don’t view that as having been choppy. The changes we have made really had nothing to do with performance. It was people deciding it was time to retire and we moved some people around. We are still pretty pleased with how that business is going and the growth we have had over time and the mix of the assets. 
David Viniar: I think you just saw it from the results from our competitors that a bunch of them are certainly more involved in the market than they have been over the last 18 months or so. There is definitely more competition than there was last year and as I have told you a bunch of times we expected that was going to happen and in fact we assumed it was going to happen sooner than it did. Our client franchise and our market shares remain extremely strong. I think what we have done in being there for our clients throughout has helped us and hopefully will continue to help us. The breadth and depth of the product portfolio we offer and our willingness to provide liquidity and make markets for our clients when they need it I think has helped us a lot. Our market share has stayed very strong but there is definitely more competition. 
David Viniar: I would say same thing. I think people are more nervous to short with harder to borrow securities given how robust the markets have been I think that is really what has been driving it. 
David Viniar: We take litigation reserves for anything that is estimable and probable as we are supposed to do. We don’t disclose anything for individual cases because that wouldn’t be prudent for us to do. 
David Viniar: We actually find it very difficult to quantify exactly what the effects would be because it is very hard to know how the markets will unfold, very hard to know how competitive positioning would unfold. We continue as we have said many times our support for the efforts of the Administration and Congress that improves the safety and soundness of the financial system. We think it would be very important for any reform to move forward on a global basis and not to be fragmented in different parts of the world but very hard to quantify. We think as long as regulation is consistent around the world and for all competitors we will do just fine. 
David Viniar: We have responded to the qualitative comments because that is what we do lastly. The quantitative impact isn’t due until the end of the month so that is not done yet. Without getting into specifics we just want to make sure regulators in Basel who are looking to make the system safer which we support don’t go too far and do things that will [inaudible] against Basel 1. We want to make sure those unintended consequences don’t happen. 
David Viniar: I actually think I said the opposite. I said if you think about what ought to happen when our market shares were so high last year is that if you think of what should happen as the world got better and competitors got healthier they would come into the market and our market share would probably decrease but that ought to be tied with the world getting better with greater activity levels and therefore the pie increases. My expectation was our market share would decrease and the pie would increase. But it was pretty certain those things would not happen at exactly the same time. That was the extent of the backdrop. As far as specific areas you asked about one of the things I mentioned was it was not a specific area that drove this. It was very good performance across all of the products really that drove this. Good balance, product mix and levels. 
David Viniar: I think you always have to be a little careful of backlog because as you know a lot of deals, certainly financing deals, will quite often get done that don’t get into the backlog at all. I would say the mix shifted a little bit and so you probably had a small increase in advisory backlog, a small decrease in underwriting backlog but I wouldn’t read that much into it. Directionally it is usually pretty good but absolutely it is not. We are still seeing really good dialogue and I think if the world continues to improve, the economic world continues to improve I think we will see more activity. If it doesn’t then we are wrong. 
David Viniar: What I would say is really across the firm pretty consistent with what we have seen, but again it is always hard to measure because we are a global business but legal did over 50% of our revenues in the U.S. and a little bit under outside the U.S. I think that mix will probably shift in the other direction. Outside the U.S. probably 2/3 or so Europe and 1/3 Asia. That is pretty much what we saw. 
David Viniar: I think I mentioned that. We have no intention to change anything as we sit here now. I think at least from what we see it is pretty clear that in the regulation where [audio break] seems to be systemically important firms that we will be one and we are going to be covered by those same regulations. I don’t expect anything different than that. 
David Viniar: We didn’t have matching positions. So we don’t know if it could have been consummated without us. It wasn’t consummated without us. We don’t know if it could have been. 
David Viniar: No. Again I would say that is pretty consistent with industry trends as well. If you look at what happened really through the course of 2009 in the asset management world [forgive me] I call them factors in the industry, you saw outflows in money markets and inflows into fixed income funds. Very, very little, in fact I think gross in the industry and I may be off a little but I think there were still outflows in equities although pretty close to flat. It is really only recently that you started to see small inflows into equity funds. 
David Viniar: We are never happy with our performance. We always think we can do better. So we are always striving to make it better and asset management as well but we think relatively we are doing okay. 
David Viniar: I guess what I would say is I mentioned three factors; our performance, the competitive environment and the external environment. The only thing I can be sure of is all three won’t stay exactly the same as they are today. So we are just going to have to see how that unfolds and that will be the basis of deciding what compensation should be over the course of the year. 
David Viniar: The U.K. bonus tax is not considered in those numbers. The U.K. bonus tax is a separate, one-time item. 
David Viniar: As you know, I have answered this question many times before. It is a very, very hard question to answer because we have a very integrated sales and trading model but the very, very vast majority, in fact almost all of what we do, starts with our clients and starts with trades that our clients want to do and we are providing some type of service of liquidity for our clients. There is a small, walled off proprietary business like GSP which we have talked about but the great majority of what we do is based on our client franchise. 
