Martin Chavez: Thanks for the kind words, Harvey, and all your support. Well, why don’t we just move onto the Q&A portion of the conference call? We are obviously happy to answer all your questions.
Martin Chavez: So Glenn, unfortunately we don’t have a lot of transparency into others’ results, so here’s how we’re seeing it from the perspective of our results. As we mentioned, there were very low levels of volatility in the first quarter and subsequently low client activity. Dollar-euro vol, lowest in two years; crude oil vol, similar figure, and given the strength of our commodities business, this is unique to our firm. To the extent that the market environment improves, economic growth accelerates, client confidence continues to grow, client activity is likely to increase, and that ultimately drives our opportunity set. We feel great about the competitive position and have a tremendous amount of capacity to serve the clients as activity levels improve, and we believe our clients recognize that. 
Martin Chavez: Sure. We, like you, don’t have any information on what the specifics of a proposal might be, and we wouldn’t find it productive to speculate or make assumptions. Our focus is entirely in delivering to our clients under the current regulatory construct of our bank holding company.
Martin Chavez: So as we all know, there are many components to MiFID II. As for the execution, we’re working with our peers and with our clients on protocols and platforms, and making sure that we have the services and products that our clients require for their execution needs. As for research, we would generally expect the MiFID II changes to bring greater transparency, and as that happens it seems likely that scale and high value-added content will be important components, and we have both of those as a core part of our offering.
Martin Chavez: Actually Christian, the $8 billion figure I was referring to was $8 billion roughly in quarterly revenues for the firm over the last 12 months. As for the size, I won’t break out commodities or FX. What I will say is that it was one quarter. We don’t extrapolate from a quarter. We didn’t extrapolate from the fourth quarter last year where we outperformed, and we wouldn’t extrapolate from this quarter. Having said that, we did underperform, and the underperformance was driven by commodities and currencies. Ultimately, we didn’t navigate the market well, but no quarter defines the franchise. There is always things that we can do better, and it’s important to note we’re constantly analyzing our results with an eye towards continually improving them.
Martin Chavez: Sure. Let me just quickly take you through the RWAs. These are on the transitional basis. I’ll start with advanced. Total RWAs in the quarter ended at $558 billion. That breaks down in $361 billion of credit, $83 billion of market RWAs, $114 billion of operational; and on the standardized approach $507 billion of RWAs, breaking down into $424 billion of credit, $83 billion of market. The ratios have ticked down 20 or 30 basis points since the end of last year, depending on which ratio you’re talking about, and really it’s on increased credit RWAs, which is primarily driven by lending for the advanced approach, and lending and funding transactions for standardized.
Martin Chavez: Yes, so I think it’s important to note that we’re not focusing on revenue share, and while top line revenue and revenue share are among the many factors that we look at, the focus is on serving the clients, our impact and engagement with them, and on returns, so returns, not revenues, and generating strong ROEs over the cycle. As for expenses, it never feels perfect. They’re just always really just part of the constant discipline here to look at expenses, and as you know, we have significantly changed that business over the last few years since beginning of 2012 to now headcount, compensation, benefits, risk-weighted assets, balance sheet all down.
Martin Chavez: Sure. So under the advanced approach, the fully phased ratio at the end of the quarter was 12.5%, and under the standardized approach the fully phased ratio ended the quarter at 13.7%. As for the G-SIB buffer, it’s too early to tell. We have lots of capital and a history of adapting.
Martin Chavez: Sure. So the pipeline is good and we’re cautiously optimistic. Many of the factors that one would look for remain in place, so CEO confidence, attractive financing levels, relatively supportive equity market backdrop. So I’ll say cautiously optimistic.
Martin Chavez: It’s our best estimate of the comp ratio, and it reflects the $900 million initiative that we announced last year. Because of severance and other effects, $500 million of it last year, $400 million more of additional flexibility in this year, and it just reflects that.
Martin Chavez: Sure, I’d be happy to. In security services, low volatility affected the opportunity set for many of our clients of that business, and it was evidenced in the weaker security services results which included a lower margin mix of client balances, including a move to easier to borrow securities, which has an effect.
Martin Chavez: There’s nothing particularly to note. That extension that was granted applies to essentially all of the Volcker-covered funds, and as for redeploying, it’s always opportunity driven on behalf of the clients and just when we see attractive returns.
Martin Chavez: I’ll just say that the effort to further develop that client base continues as with the client base we already have in our banking business, clearly, and the effort to be more impactful with those clients and engage them more deeply across all of our businesses continues over the long haul. I wouldn’t--we don’t have any particular targets.
Martin Chavez: So I think it makes sense to step back a bit and look at all the rule making that’s occurred over the last decade or so, a little less than a decade. If you look at that, it’s an impressive body of work and reduces systemic risk and contributes to safety and soundness. At the same time, looking at the approach to the rule making, the rule making proceeded in parallel along many fronts, and you mentioned one of them - the Volcker Rule, and this is happening really before the election. Regulators, for instance the Basel committee, were beginning to step back and look at the totality of the rules, look at all of them holistically and see how they interacted, and began looking at the second and third order effects, so that was happening anyway. As for the Volcker Rule itself, there could be opportunities to recalibrate, revisit parts of it. Governor Tarullo had some specific thoughts on the Volcker Rule and on other aspects of the regulatory set-up, including for instance CCAR, and it’s really too early to comment. We’d have to see what form that would take, but potentially there is an opportunity to reduce some of the reporting burdens around the Volcker Rule.
Martin Chavez: There’s really nothing further I would add there, nothing material in inventory in the context of the firm. It’s just we could have done a better job navigating the markets. It’s a cyclic market and that’s really all I would say.
Martin Chavez: No positioning issues. It’s just in some market environments, one navigates a better outcome than others. That’s really all I’d say.
Martin Chavez: Well, math is math. There is lots and lots of inputs to it, and some of the expense initiative was in last year and some of it was in this year. There’s lots of inputs to it. There’s really no message other than it’s our best estimate.
Martin Chavez: I think there’s just lots of inputs, and you’ll definitely model them. It’s our best estimate, and really also, as we always say, it’s fundamentally at the end of the year, the comp ratio is an output. It’s going to be a bottoms-up process and it will be what it is.
Martin Chavez: First of all, it was certainly his thoughts as he was ending his term and a lot of ideas, but we’d have to wait to see the specifics. I wouldn’t call out or break out for you any particular effect on expenses other than to say that we’re strong proponents of the stress testing. It’s good for the system, it’s good for the firms, it’s important.
Martin Chavez: We have since the beginning taken a holistic approach to adapting to all the rules, and we don’t break it out. We just don’t break it out.
Martin Chavez: Sure. So I think not crystal clear what all the different terms around Brexit mean, including hard Brexit. Obviously it continues to evolve. We’ve all seen Prime Minister May calling a snap election this morning, as we all know. The U.K. triggered Article 50 a couple weeks ago. We have our Brexit contingency plan in place, and as far as that plan is concerned, we’ve taken no material actions yet along that plan, and we have a plan.
Martin Chavez: So we have existing offices around Europe. We have existing legal entities around Europe. As you know, we conduct most of our business with EU clients who are outside of the U.K. under the passporting regime, and so much depends on what that looks like during and after the implementation period.
Martin Chavez: Well as you know, we’re not immune to what’s happening generally across the industry - fee compression of various kinds, shift in mix of strategies, and so as you also know from our results over the last year, we’ve had strong inflows of long-term fee-based assets, and that has offset the modest decline in the effective fee mix.
Martin Chavez: So there are a lot of areas that we’re always looking at as options for expansion. I wouldn’t call out that one in particular, but we look at many things, and since we do have, as you mentioned, a strong tradition of building tools and applying those tools to deliver results for our clients, that’s something we intend to continue. But there’s nothing specific that I would call out right now.
Martin Chavez: Yes, so you all know the background on Marcus. We saw an opportunity to enter into a rapidly evolving world of consumer digital finance, starting with a clean sheet of paper and focusing--engaging on thousands of consumers to see what they would be looking for in an offering, and it was clear that they wanted simplicity, transparency, flexibility, and we had no legacy either in branches or in systems, and so we saw the opportunity. Since inception, the entire concept from Marcus is a slow, deliberate, organic build-out - crawl, walk, maybe someday run. What I would say to you right now is it’s executing according to the plan. Early days.
Martin Chavez: No, the plan, we put a lot into creating that plan, and while we’re constantly looking at everything that’s happening in the environment, it’s the same plan and we’re on plan. No material changes.
Martin Chavez: So in equities, what I would say is that there is in the current results, I’d point to corporate activity being strong. If you want to look at the client execution line quarter on quarter, it’s really about cash and derivatives performance, and then if you’re looking year-on-year, it’s really about derivatives. As for our offering, as you know, it’s a scale business and our clients value the diversity of services that we offer across that business - high touch, low touch, execution, as well as prime brokerage. We have over the last period seen an opportunity to have a deeper engagement with our quant fund clients, and so certainly that’s a major emphasis for us and we’re starting to see the results in share.
Martin Chavez: I would say we’ve never been distracted by regulation. It’s just part of the operating environment, and working with our clients, regulators, peers through the process of the rule making and the implementation is just something that we’ve been doing for a long time and it’s just part of how the business operates. I wouldn’t call out any specific effects ongoing, and we’ll see how it plays out.
Martin Chavez: No, there’s no particular pressure that we would attribute or notice relating to MiFID II. In terms of our business, actually the business mix across regions has remained fairly stable over time. Give or take a point, it’s 60-25-15 mix across Americas, EMEA and Asia. 
Martin Chavez: So certainly we’re all looking at the same thing as we head into the French election next week - volatility, for instance dollar-euro has picked up significantly since intra-quarter, and we’d also generally see that clarity on outcome increases the probability of action. Other than that, just I’ll note, which we’ve already discussed, there’s often a connection between reasonable levels of volatility around market trends driving risk managers to transact.
Martin Chavez: So on Marcus, it’s in build mode and we’re not breaking it out, other than to say that it’s operating entirely according to plan. 
Martin Chavez: And the bank, I would say the bank is part of our structure under our bank holding company, and the bank is performing well.
Martin Chavez: So on that topic of expenses, we had the initiative which we shared with you and mentioned again recently, the $900 million expense initiative. On the other hand, expenses are never perfect, and keeping a close eye on our expenses is just part of the ongoing discipline of running our businesses for the clients and our shareholders. 
Martin Chavez: Since there are no more questions, I’d like to take a moment to thank all of you for joining this call. Hopefully we and other members of senior management will see many of you in the coming months. If any additional questions arise, please don’t hesitate to reach out to Dane; otherwise, enjoy the rest of your day and look forward to speaking with you on our second quarter earnings call in July. Thank you.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Second question is on security servicing. You mentioned and you spoke briefly to the year-on-year decline. I just--could you give us a little bit more color there, because in the context of higher values in the markets on the equity side at least, I would have thought that there would have been an uplift in that line item, so I must be missing something. I’m wondering if it’s margins or if it’s just activity levels. Maybe you could speak to what’s going on there.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, got it. Then just lastly on the Volcker Rule, Marty, you mentioned that you asked and received the five-year extension here on the $6 billion. That will roll off over the next five years, I assume? I don’t know what the duration is on that $6 billion. Is there anything more than that? You might be laughing, like who’s asking about five years out, but I’ll just ask the obvious question there, but then also how you’re thinking about redeploying the capital that frees up as these assets roll off.
Betsy Graseck: And then it’s just a ratable decline over the next five years, or it’s back-end loaded? I’m just thinking through how to model out the freed up capital.
Betsy Graseck: Got it, okay. Appreciate the comments and color, thank you. And thanks, Harvey, nice working with you.
Guy Moszkowski: Good morning. Okay, so umpteenth question on the FICC thing, and I’m just going to follow up on a comment that you made, which is we heard several times that obviously clients were less active and that has lots to do with mix, and that makes sense. But I think I also heard you say that you didn’t feel like you had navigated some of the currents as effectively as you might have, and I was wondering if you could break down between the areas that you called out as having been headwinds, which were commodities, FX and, I think to a lesser extent, credit, where in particular maybe there were issues with inventory management or positioning, as opposed to just the customer flow.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, but I mean, it does sound like you’re thinking that there were some positioning issues as opposed to it just being customer flow.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, fair enough. Then just on that same point, last year you came in at 38.1% comp ratio for the full year.
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, fair enough. Thanks very much. Harvey, it’s been a pleasure working with you and we’ll miss you, but we hope you’ll talk to us every once in a while.
