Glenn P. Schorr: Good morning. So pretty darn good all around. I think FICC and I&L take a lot of everyone's focus, but in FICC specifically, I wonder if you could help us, how much of that was a late quarter phenomenon? You spelled out what fell off in credit and mortgage, things like that. How much was a late quarter? How much have you seen some stabilization or reversal so far? And then most importantly, I think last quarter you felt really good about market share in client facilitation side of the business, and I'm curious if you can give any comments on parsing that out, the facilitation versus the marks in the quarter? Thank you.
Glenn P. Schorr: And then I think you talked about the competitive landscape in flux and we all see what's going on at each and every one of the European banks. I think your franchise composition is different in general. You see it in results this quarter, and mostly good. Just a question on the European shrinking. Do you want what they're shrinking? In other words, theoretically, they're going to shrink the tougher parts, the lower ROA types of the business.
Glenn P. Schorr: Okay. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but it sounds like there might be more volatility, but in the end, your shareholders are going to love the fact that you are bigger in some of those areas.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So in terms of timing of the quarter, we came off a strong first quarter, as you mentioned, and then we came in basically you saw a number of factors. I think the most significant one, obviously, Greece in the headlines continuously. And that certainly weighed on spread sensitive parts of the business like credit and mortgages. Early in the quarter, obviously, there was a big reversal in the macro trend with respect to how people were thinking about currencies and interest rates. And that was really more an interest rate differential and what's the Fed going to do discussion. And so it's not surprising that we saw reduced client activity in the quarter and obviously more difficult market-making environment. In terms of – it was really more pronounced as the quarter went along as Greece really dominated the headlines and liquidity was challenged in parts of the market. And so it was really – it was more of an end of quarter phenomenon. Too early to tell in terms of where we are in this quarter, Glenn, but obviously, the news around Greece has been obviously very positive in the last couple of days. And so hopefully some of these trends are behind us.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So in terms of how we think about it, and obviously these competitive trends they take years to really formulate. But I think the big change and I talked about this a little bit in my script, but to be more specific about it, the capital-intensive parts of the business and really let's just start with the fixed income parts of the business, given the regulatory demands around that part of the business to deliver for your clients and drive appropriate returns for shareholders, that is actually where we think the competitive advantage is most significant. So if you just look at last year's collective industry ROEs, which are in the mid to higher single digits. Our relative position both the strength and the franchise but aggregate position of the firm just positions us quite well over the next couple of years if firms follow through on what they saying and they actually restructure and they begin to redesign those businesses. And so, as people exit the business, obviously, the impact of the marginal pressure on risk when you're deploying capital should be beneficial and we're leaders in all those parts of the franchise, but I think this is going to be a multi-year phenomenon.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So as you pointed out, we obviously have been pretty dynamic with respect – I think the greatest example was a year ago when we brought the balance sheet down by nearly $60 million in the quarter. And that was predominately driven by CCAR and that was a repricing exercise, which led us to do that. So the way we'll think about this is a couple ways. First of all, it's only preliminary and we'll have to see the final rule, but our expectation is that at this stage given the information that we have, again preliminary, that any incremental buffer will be roughly 1%. And so, relative to the peer group, obviously, that puts us in a good position. Now in terms of how to think about the implications for the test, we have no visibility into how the Federal Reserve is going to change the test. And so to the extent to which it changes, we'll look at all the same levers again. There will be an evaluation of how we should think about the capital structure of the firm, how we should think about how we're deploying our capital, how we think about pricing the marginal balance sheet and other aspects of our business. But we won't do that in advance of any changes in any regulatory rules. And we just don't know what they're going to do yet.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So obviously, we took a significant charge this quarter. The vast majority of that is related to the RMBS Working Group. But the process with respect to these kind of legacy cost issues is, every quarter, based on the best information available, we create our best estimate and it's very case-by-case dependent. And so it can be somewhat unpredictable quarter-to-quarter. That's how I'd frame it for you.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I'm sure you understand this, Christian, given that these are – this is active litigation, very difficult for me to comment beyond what I said.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. I think, obviously, it has been a good solid couple of quarters. Environmentally, for the first half of the year, the environment has clearly been better, both from a activity level and also from a market-making perspective, and so you're seeing that. The franchise is very diverse, both geographically and product line. And so I think when market activity picks up, you're just seeing the value of the franchise pull through. And as I said earlier, as activity has picked up outside of the U.S., I can't tell necessarily whether or not it's share pickup from other firms, but obviously, you've seen actually in the first quarter even, those firms with strong equity franchises seem to be getting the lion's share of the activity.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So with respect to tax, you're right. It's roughly consistent with the first quarter and we're running below last year's full year, so you're right about that. That's both earnings-mix driven, and an election. You'll see in the earnings release this quarter with respect to certain earnings that we'll leave overseas. With respect to litigation, again, the charge we took this quarter is – the vast majority of that is related to the RMBS Working Group. And I'd really encourage you to look through our disclosure, and while I wish I could give you more detail, obviously, that's one significant item, a legacy item, that we look forward to getting behind us. But I really can't comment in more detail on that, given it's a live discussion.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, yeah, as everyone saw, we hired Harit and we're thrilled to have someone of his experience and caliber on board as a one of our partners. I would say at this stage, it's very early days and we've really done two things. We've identified a potential opportunity and we've identified a key hire, as I said, which we're very excited about. When we look at new opportunities what we look for in terms of making that evaluation is, what core competencies do we have and how can we bring them to any client base that we deal with. And so, we feel like there is a couple of strengths here that we have. One, we have a long history and a core competency in risk management. Two, we have a very, very big commitment to technology. Three, historically, we've been pretty good builders of new businesses. And, obviously, as it relates to, let's just call it the space of digitally-led consumer finance, we have no legacy cost, we have no legacy infrastructure to deal with. And so to the extent to which we can work with Harit and develop a strategy, which we believe is accretive to the firm and valuable to clients, we'll pursue it. But at this stage, it's early days. Harit's just on board, and so we'll be back to you with more details as things develop.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, the 1% increase in the quarter and the longer term increase it's really happening in two places. Part of it is driven by our growth in the Investment Management business and people that we've been adding there as that business continues to grow and our ongoing investment there. And really the other large portion of it relates to resources that we needed to deploy as we come into the more significant part of regulatory compliance. And so, these are all the new rules that the industry is affected by over the next couple of years. And so it's a bit of a surge, if you will, in terms of having people on board. And for example in the second quarter, about three-quarters of those folks were in places like Salt Lake City, Bangalore, and other locations.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, no. Same. No change. We don't have any incremental information. We think it's – obviously, we started with 1.5%. Under the proposal, we believe there's an incremental 100 (29:17), but again, I cautioned you that's the preliminary. We haven't seen the final rule, obviously.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, it's a great question, Betsy, and obviously, a difficult one to think about over the next couple of years. But obviously there may be some unevenness in the playing field depending on how the rules actually get rolled out. But in the end, it's more about I think how you deploy that capital and the returns you're able to generate. And I think one of the reasons why, as you point out, we're seeing potential big restructurings on the European side is that even without the SIFI charge potential that we have in the United States – and who knows what they'll do over time, maybe the playing field will be completely level – they're struggling in those businesses at current capital levels. (30:35). Now, our commitment to Europe is very significant. And it's not just across the capital intensive businesses, but it's the entire integration of banking. And when you think about Europe over the next several years as they work through what is – our research folks have them at 1.5% growth, but as they work themselves more and more away from the crisis, this is a very good environment for a firm like Goldman Sachs where clients need sound advice across all of our businesses.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So it's a great question, Mike. And I think it's very clear at this stage that the increased regulatory requirements, however you think about them, but let's just think mostly in terms of capital, while obviously very good for the system and significant improvement for all firms. For example, Goldman Sachs was carrying 85% more capital than we did prior to the crisis. As we said, they have leveled the playing field a bit, but even without the leveling of the playing field, it makes balance sheet at one point, depending on the metric, and capital itself more expensive. And so, I don't know if it's an intended or unintended consequence in terms of the regulation, but the regulation does reprice things. And the vast majority of the industry is really a handful of us that are earning above the cost of capital, whatever you want to call it – 8%, 9%, 10%. And so we're starting to see repricing come through now. We saw it mostly in balance sheet. Came a little slower than we would've liked, but it's starting to come through in balance sheet. By balance sheet I mean things like those businesses that were maybe most mispriced relative to the new requirements. Things like the repo business, it's extended into the prime brokerage business. Again, that's a regulatory heavy business. We're world-class in that business, but it is regulatory heavy business. And you have seen it in parts of the derivative business particularly in things like those transactions requiring or not requiring collateral. So I'd say it's slow. These are not huge needle movers, but this feels like a trend that's in place for a number of years.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think that's probably a reasonable way to say it. I mean our clients are very sophisticated. And when you sit down with them and you say, listen, everyone in the industry, Mike, that issues preferred they are issuing them slightly north of 5%. That's expensive shareholder capital to fund the leverage of your balance sheet. And so, it's pretty easy to explain to people how actually the returns that you have to require on business. And so what we think will happen over time is potentially repricing, but also the competitive dynamic looks like one where those firms that can't deliver or can't respond or don't have the same quality franchise, they get removed. But anyway, this is going to be a – this will be a long process. We went through a pretty substantial repricing as you know (34:17) last year.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Too soon to quantify. As I said, this is not big needle moving. It's more, I would describe it more as a trend for the balance sheet and capital intensive parts of the business. And you'd expect it given the regulatory constraints, so.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So again, and I'd like to share more with you but obviously this is active discussion. With respect to this quarter, again, every quarter we incorporate all the information we have, Guy. And obviously we received information that resulted in us taking this charge. I know you've looked and you've read all of our financial disclosures in the past. And so I would encourage you to go back to that. But as you know, based on that we have not historically taken reserves for the RMBS Working Group. And so obviously we got information during the course of the quarter that led to this realization.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, again, the 1% was based on the preliminary. We'll have to see the final rule, so I really want to emphasize that. In terms of CCAR, we just don't know how they're going to include it, what they will do, whether it will be offset. We have no visibility and we'll all hear when the Federal Reserve announces any changes that they plan to make.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, so on the SLR, the 70 basis points, if you break that down, roughly 20 basis points really comes from capital and the issuance of preferred and then the balance are all things that drive the ratio, things like notional (38:10), collateral back and forth and things like derivative. And so, there's a lot of give and gets in there but accretive for the quarter.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So again, whenever you see these kind of market reactions, obviously, it has some impact in terms of how clients think through their portfolios. It's more isolated, obviously, to the onshore market. And I think that – at this stage, I would describe it as being pretty fluid and dynamic with respect to the near term. I think longer term, what we're really focused on is the extent to which the recent events, do they really have a significant negative impact from an economic perspective or in terms of the liberalization policies, because obviously we have a very big focus on China, a big commitment there. And our early read of all this is that it's not going to have a big – when we talk to our research folks, it's not going to have a big impact on the local economy, and we don't expect a major change in sort of the focus on liberalization. And given everything China's done, maybe we should expect as they go through this, there were (39:51) going to be growing pains from year to year, but the long term trend feels okay to us. From a...
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah. So we've always been very cautious, and you're right to point that out. Now we do have millions of clients that touch us in our investment management business through our mutual funds every day. And so they're actually a big part of what we do. And when we think about it, obviously, we're going to move very cautiously in the space and make sure we get things right, because you're right to point out that, like any new business, there are risks and we want to make sure that we work with the consumers and the regulators in absolutely a first-class and best-class way. And so – but again, too early for us to identify any specific parts of the market. But we'll be back to you with more details again down the road.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I really think there's two drivers. The biggest driver is just the quality of the franchise. And so, we've been a beneficiary of getting balances just because of the – really the longstanding history and our involvement in this business, and it's global for us. But pricing is an important input, but it's not the primary driver of the performance.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, in terms of I&L, and why don't I just run through it, I can run through it from the debt line through the equity line. So in the debt line we had $547 million, roughly $550 million in revenues in the quarter. And remember, I underscore for you there that roughly $225 million of that is interest income, okay, and the rest is gains in sales. In the equity line, of the $1.25 billion, roughly a third of that actually comes from public market shares that we own, in entities we've already taken public. And so there you're just seeing the idiosyncratic performance of the portfolio. And another third – and I'll just break it down for you in thirds – a third is the public portfolio performance. A third is things that we refer to as event-driven, like actually taking a company public or making a sale, and the other third is performance-driven. And so the idiosyncratic nature of the portfolio, the team is just doing a very good job here.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, it was most challenging in Europe. The credit market in particular, and let's just say the spread sensitive product, the markets aren't as deep there, obviously, as they are in the United States. And then, with all the issues with Greece, liquidity was quite challenging for all of our clients, and quite challenging for market makers.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, so it's an important part of our business, obviously, given our presence in Europe. Too early for me to quantify anything for you, but obviously the tax rate's going up over there.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I have to come back to you on that in terms of exactly the number you look at. I believe the answer to that is yes, but why don't I have Dane follow up with you, and we'll make sure we reconcile that for you.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, not driven by slowing activity. Any changes in non-comp that you're seeing away, obviously, from the legacy charge, that would have to do with impairments that we might take from time-to-time, is the real driver there.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah. So there's always two drivers to incentive fees. There's going to be the normal or what we'll call year-end incentive fees that you're used to seeing. And then there are fund specific events where we've above a certain performance metric and then we'll begin to recognize those fees. And so this is very fund specific in terms of this quarter.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So when we talk to our M&A bankers, the momentum in the advisor side of the business feels very strong. The CEOs and boards are obviously going to incorporate all the relevant news and so not surprising to me that when you see Greece dominating the headlines and lots of volatility in the markets that you might see some dip in confidence. But in terms of the degree of conversations we're having in the activity levels, it feels quite good. And you see that halfway through the year, in announced transactions, the Investment Banking team is actually we have announced $112 billion plus of transactions, actually more than the next competitor. And so the dialogue for us with our clients is pretty robust right now.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah. So you're looking at the GAAP income statement, Dick, obviously. And that has a lot to do with under the GAAP rules, how we have to treat certain hedges versus the portfolios. We have to break out certain hedges and move them into the market making business. So it ends up being a net offset.
Harvey M. Schwartz: (48:48) The hedges are hedging parts of the portfolio, so you might get a decrease in the underlying, for example, the income being driven by the portfolio, but then you pick it up in the hedges offsetting that portfolio in the market making business.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Correct. That may be completely unrelated to the interest component. That's why in the script, Dick, I break out for you in the investing and lending segment, that net interest income was $225 million in the lending businesses to try and clarify it. I'm happy to have Dane walk you through it but it's an accounting aspect.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, I wouldn't draw that conclusion. Usually the secondary activity flows for a long period of time, Dick. I think it's hard to draw those kind of conclusions in an individual quarter. I think if you look at our that debt underwriting activity in the first quarter, it wasn't as strong as the second quarter, but yet the FICC results were stronger. And so, if you look at FICC, for example, on a year-to-date basis, it's down. But the second quarter was definitely tougher for us, Dick.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, obviously, there has been a whole host of discussion around liquidity in the markets. And I think in the end, I think it leaves us quite frankly all with more questions more than answers. I think you can point to some very specific parts of the market where you can say regulation has impacted liquidity. I think, the best example of that is the government bond repo market. I think it's hard after that to point to a specific regulation and say, oh, this regulation has impacted liquidity in this market. That doesn't mean it's not happening. I think it's just hard to quantify. I think the repo market you can easily quantify it. You can see the reduction in repo commitment from various banks, including ourselves, and you can see over quarter-end how repo spreads react. By the way, to me that looks like that's an intended desire by the regulators. They wanted people to either reprice or shrink that business. And so I think away from that the reason why this is difficult is because it's a question of really what is the multi-year accumulation of regulation? Things being pushed more electronically, inability to hold as much balance sheet, increasing RWAs, all these things so vocal. But I think these things reveal themselves over many years. But obviously, you can't have as much regulation as we've had and not have some unintended consequences. I think it's just the cost of regulation. Doesn't mean the regulation is not good.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, you're right to ask that question and the question's been coming up for the last couple years, obviously, as we've gone through this part of the cycle with tighter credit spreads and lower rates. And we talked about this. If the M&A cycle remains strong, then obviously that will be a positive tailwind to the underwriting business. And it was for us. When I said leverage finance activity, I could have said leverage finance activity facilitated in part by our advisory business. So if the M&A backdrop continues the way it feels today – but I think M&A will help.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think in an effort to overly simplify this, I think healthy volatility is volatility in which client activity picks up and liquidity exists, clients feel confident. Unhealthy volatility is the reverse of that where clients get more conservative and they derisk. And so as we go through these periods, the general trend, obviously, feels like volatility is picking up in a healthy way, but that doesn't mean from time to time we're not going to hit these kind of pockets.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, no, there's nothing we're doing. We're being pretty conservative in terms of our thought process in terms of the business. And our risk-taking is being very prudent. It really is all about M&A activity. Again, as I mentioned to you, I talked about at the announce (55:42), but when you look at the completed lead tables (55:44), obviously, our team is really in the center of all the M&A dialogs.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Okay. Since there are no more questions, I just want to take a moment to thank all of you for joining the call. Hopefully I and other members of senior management will see many of you in the coming months. If any additional questions arise, please feel free to reach out to Dane, otherwise enjoy the rest of your day, and I look forward to speaking with you on our third quarter call in October. Take care, everyone. Thank you.
