Harvey Schwartz: So it's not a question of realized or unrealized. I mean that's why I am struggling with that point. In terms of when you are talking about things of, for example public versus event driven events, but we've always mark to marketed the portfolio as we work through. And so a good portion of the events over the past quarter were all events and IPOs as I highlighted.Glenn Schorr – ISI Group Inc.: Okay, good. That's all I was really calling calling towards.
Harvey Schwartz: So I think the comment with respect to the short-term reaction function as it relates to market volatility. As I mentioned, yesterday, today, particularly difficult days for our clients. And if it's difficult for our clients in the short run, markets can be challenging. And so we always root for good things for our clients and for good markets. We will have to see how this period of volatility translates. If you take a step back and you look at the third quarter, when we came into the third quarter, everybody was focused on the fact that there was absolutely no volatility. And as we here see here today people feel like there is too much. So it's a little bit of too hot, too cold. In September, I think a takeaway from September is that in the right market environments you can really see a huge pickup in client activity and then you can see the operating leverage for us. In terms of the de-risking in terms of the balance sheet that you are seeing across the industry, I don't think that's a 'broker dealer' issue. I think if you look across large global financial institutions and you look at the reduction in risk-weighted assets over the course of the past several years, I think that's a question that we will see overtime as to whether or not that decline in risk carrying capacity along with other adjustments and other regulatory rules, what impact that has ultimately on liquidity for the marketplace. So we will see.Glenn Schorr – ISI Group Inc.: I hear you. Okay, thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah. So the fully phased advanced is 10.6%, fully phased standardized is 10%. And I will remind you again that I think maybe it's a midpoint between fully phased and advanced if you were to think about -- sorry, fully phased advanced. And if you think about how our capital ratios migrate as we take investments out of funds, more or less think of it as a midpoint in terms of the long-term projection. That of course if you assume that between now and 2018, the balance sheet was totally static. 
Harvey Schwartz: Well, absolutely no change in the process. I won’t drag you through the underpinning to the process. We've talked about it a lot. But at its core, it’s just paper performance. That’s the philosophy and that’s how we do it. In every quarter we make our best estimate as to the compensation accrual. And I think the extent to which you’re seeing a change, there is no change in process. But you’ve seen a change over the last two years just in our operating leverage and the cost reduction efforts that are coming in. And so this year's accrual reflects the fact that last year’s third quarter looked 25% better year-over-year third quarter-third quarter and we’re running $1.4 billion ahead in revenues. And so that just gives us greater clarity in terms of the compensation levels. But it reflects I think more predominantly the operating leverage that's in the business.
Harvey Schwartz: I think it’s a really, really important question. I think that when you look at any one of the rules that in an industry we work with regulators on and regulators have put in place new capital requirements, new liquidity requirements under the LCR, leverage tests, in any one of these rules you could have a very active and heated debate with respect to the molecules in the rule and whether this was calibrated too intentionally. But I don’t think you can debate really the concept of the rule. And so I think in concept most of the rules that we’ve seen make sense and that goes back to the initiatives around clearing swap execution facilities. And I think you have to give the regulators a lot of credit quite frankly for creating an immense amount of regulation and proper regulatory response in giving folks a long time line to adjust to it, very important for our clients and for the capital markets. I think the big open question is, and it's a very, very hard thing for any market participant and regulator to weigh if kind of what’s the collective weight of all of this. And I don’t know that we’ll really be able to assess that until a lot of time passes. I think when it comes to things like the discussions around having repo clearing, I think those are good, healthy market reactions. Generally speaking those are a combination of discussions with clients, because they raise concern, regulators observe, for example increased sales in treasury markets and I think it’s incumbent upon all of us as market participants to be thoughtful and creative about how we make sure that we protect our capital markets. But I do think it’s pretty early days in being able to assess these things. But I think the industry is being very active in trying to make sure that we have the most robust capital markets in the world.
Harvey Schwartz: So in terms of the long-term that was the debt line, again this is just going to be our approach to how we think about allocating capital and when we see opportunities. So, during the period it’s not so much that a specific asset responding to a particular change in credit spreads in the marketplace, but it will be driven by harvesting over a long period of time. So as companies refinance their capital structures, we may be a beneficiary in that, for example if we’re providing mezzanine level debt to a particular entity. And so that’s why we said that it was driven by many things on investment. And of course there is net interest income in there also which is roughly about $200 million.
Harvey Schwartz: So with respect to the backlog, the backlog again was the highest it's been since 2007. And actually when we look at it, we look at it across the three categories of advisory, equity underwriting and debt underwriting obviously and all categories were up. So that was good to see. It’s not a question of I think inversions in the backlog. When you actually -- when you talk to our M&A team and you actually look at the data either this year over a long period of time, inversion transactions have not been a significant driver of global M&A activity. And really when you get into conversations with the team, what they'll tell you is it's never just about an inversion or a tax benefit, it’s really about the strategic benefits if the two organizations can come together.
Harvey Schwartz: It’s not a material number. We just called it out. But as you know, every quarter we mark-to-market the balance sheet and so assets sitting on the balance sheet. But this quarter it wasn’t material, so roughly about $50 million.
Harvey Schwartz: So, with respect to longer term outlook and our sense of position in the marketplace, we couldn’t be more pleased with it. We measure the business by our engagement with clients and our ability to deliver and that’s in the prime brokerage business, in our global footprint, our ability to provide electronic solutions in terms of trading, commit capital and obviously our connectivity with our banking team in terms of driving capital markets transaction. And so from a franchise perspective, we couldn’t feel better about it. Quarter-to-quarter in terms of top line revenue, I know that’s the data that you have available in terms of market share, not really the way we look at market share. We’re much more focused, as I said, on delivering to clients and driving returns to the bottom line at the same time. And so, I think in terms of the long run, we feel quite good. But quarter-to-quarter you may see revenue move back and forth between us and our competitors, but it’s not a big issue for us.
Harvey Schwartz: So there were a whole host of things that drove it. We definitely got benefit from the final rules, about 10 basis points. But then when you go through, there was the balance sheet reduction which was [indiscernible]. So as you know, we took the balance sheet down in the second quarter, but it’s daily averaging in the SLR and so you really didn't see that benefit translate through until the third quarter. And then there is other reductions that sort of -- there is other reductions in terms of CDS in the portfolio in terms of that and then obviously there was a capital, we reduced our significant financial institutional deduction, all these things are contributors in terms of driving the increase in ratio. I do think that the SLR is a good example of sort of our philosophy on how we approach regulatory reform. But as you know obviously there has been a significant improvement in that, 70 basis points over a fairly short period of time, and as you point out, 40 basis points in the quarter. We have found that by giving our people the tools, waiting till we see the final rule and then just really focused on complying with the rule, we can move the needle. So, this is just all about compliance.
Harvey Schwartz: It’s funny. We don’t -- I don’t think we're thinking about it – it's not like a baseball game here in terms of where we are in the innings of how do we comply. I think the takeaway here is that the SLR is not a significant issue. As we talked about a year ago, it’s much more reflective about complying with the rules. But this will be a process that will be ongoing. You mentioned the Volcker compliance. As you come out of the fund, again, we’re talking about something that's forward looking to 2018. And if we can make those adjustments, we'd be well in excess of 5% today. But let’s see how it goes.
Harvey Schwartz: So, as we talked about before, there is a number of ways that we can use our capital. And as it comes out of the funds, capital is fungible. And so we will have the ability to continue to invest in Volcker compliant funds, use our balance sheet, other Volcker compliant structures. And so we feel like we have enough flexibility in terms of redeploying that capital. And of course I think this is the critical point. If the opportunities aren't there, obviously we can look to redeploy it into other areas of the firm that demand the capital or we can look to return it to the shareholders. So from that perspective. So for us it's all about the process and the environment. As we discuss the environment as being a good one for harvesting, we have been able to put capital to work in certain parts of the world and our global footprint certainly gives us an advantage in terms of seeing opportunities. But it's always been -- investing and lending has always been a very long-term long cycle initiative and we will be very disciplined about the returns. If the opportunities are there and they make sense, we will deploy the capital. If not, we will be disciplined and we will wait.
Harvey Schwartz: I don't have the year or two ago numbers. Dane can follow up with you offline. But it's been obviously a bit of a high class problem as we've been harvesting, values have been increasing. We can come back to you and get to the numbers. The I&L balance sheet at the end of the second quarter was roughly 71 billion.
Harvey Schwartz: I think what you are seeing there may be the allocation of the gain that I referenced as it related to the retirement of the trust preferred securities.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. So as you know, we don't have a corporate cost center. So just a philosophy and a discipline, we allocate out all cost to all the businesses. In this particular case, there was a gain related to funding. So the Institutional Client Services business, the fixed income equity, they are the biggest consumers of balance sheet and liquidity, so they also get the benefit of the gains. And so that's actually really -- I think when you look at it, you will see that that's probably it. We detail it out in the earnings release.
Harvey Schwartz: So that's a good question. So in terms of how we looked at it, it was really, as I said, I would describe it as a two-part process. One is pretty simple and is mathematical. One of the easiest things to do in terms of response to leverage task is actually just to rank the balance sheet in the businesses from lower ROA to higher ROA. The second part of the exercise is a really high touch exercise where it's engagement in the trenches going through and working with clients and really finding out where we are providing value and where it may need our balance sheet and that's the nuance of the part of the exercise that we went through [indiscernible] and then we will continue to go through. But so far the client engagement [indiscernible] is one of our strongest franchise businesses, so it feels quite good.
Harvey Schwartz: I would say no. It's certainly not a Goldman Sachs and I would imagine not the case across the market, although I don’t have any visibility into our competitors. You are right when you say that the data requirements in the first submission that went in right around Labor Day, it's a pretty significant amount of data. I actually think that speaks to the opposite reaction function and I will tell you why. You can't create that data overnight. We had to invest quite a bit of talent mind share, technology, operations front office time and federation time in building the systems. And so that's been a process that's been underway I would assume for all of our competitors and certainly for us since the rule came out. So it wouldn't be as though you'd show up reporting and somehow you would change your profile. I don’t know, that seems like a stretch to me. I think again it's much more -- it's the collection of the rule sets. We did see increased sales in treasuries, we've seen stress -- and I'm talking about a normal market functioning times, not in stress market functioning times -- definitely where balance sheet has felt scarce. And I think under periods where clients want more liquidity, it may be more difficult to find. But we’ll see how this all shapes out. Again, the impact of the collective rule sets of all the rules, balance sheet, whatever, risk-weighted assets liquidity, it’s pretty enormous and I don’t think we can only have positive effects from that over the next three, four, five, 10 years. I wish that was the case.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, I don’t know. We’ve never been firm that's first and foremost competed on price. We like to compete on content and we like to compete on the ability to provide liquidity, which may mean being the best price at any point in time for our clients. But our clients understand, they’re very knowledgeable and are increasingly knowledgeable about the regulatory constraints that are on us and really the entire industry where we all have the same rule set. And so as the market responds, I just think everyone needs to be more disciplined and some of that will depend on where your return hurdles are. If our return hurdles are higher than someone else's, then we may be more disciplined than the next market participant I have to say.
Harvey Schwartz: We didn’t disclose the number. We’re still digesting all the data as you know. But yes, we’re in excess of the minimum requirement.
Harvey Schwartz: So I think it’s definitely -- and we haven’t even seen a proposed rule and as you know our philosophy around these things is we’ve seen and we will continue to assume that regulators will give the marketplace basically a good glide path to adjust to rule changes. And so we would never react or change the business methodology to commentary. We wait to see the rule. We’d engage in an active dialog on creating a constructive rule. Clearly we’ll be focused on the impact on markets. It would be very interesting to see where this discussion heads. As you know, and I don’t want to address too much, but as you know the SIFI surcharges are really at their core designed around macro prudential regulation, not micro prudential regulation. And so when you look at our proportion of wholesale funding as a percentage of the marketplace, you can argue we're a lot smaller than many of our large universal bank peers. So we'll really see how the rule plays up. But we’ll engage in an active dialog with the regulators just to ensure that we get the most thoughtful rule in investing for the marketplace and our clients.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, we can break it down for you after the call and Dane can give it to you. But basically what you’re seeing there is the harvesting that you’ve seen in the private equity, but you’ve actually seen growth away from that in the other alternative asset categories. But we can break it down for you.
Harvey Schwartz: No, that's not how we do that. I think the composition was really driven by the improvement in top line revenues and the operating leverage we gained by managing our expenses. I think volatility comes in different flavors. A couple of months ago people were saying volatility will never return to the marketplace. And as I said now people feel like we have too much volatility. And so I think there is healthy periods of volatility and less healthy periods and really what we’ve seen in the last 48 hours is concentrated position, liquidation obviously triggered by stop loss selling in multiple markets. And at times as we’ve always seen, selling can beget selling. Our hedge funds, asset managers and institutional clients are an important part of our focus at Goldman Sachs. But we’ll just stay close to our clients during this period. We don’t think about it in terms of days or weeks, in terms of the performance of our clients. It’s really just a commitment to the long run.
Harvey Schwartz: So, look, it’s an important question. And as I said before, we run the business for a focus on our clients and then ultimately margins and returns. In any given quarter quarter-to-quarter you can see noise. In this quarter – again I don't have visibility into our competitors -- in this quarter we certainly, as I mentioned in the [earnings release] (ph) we had a more challenging part of a cash business and equities client institution, so a bit more challenging for us in blocks. Again, I don’t have visibility. But I think if you step back and you look at Goldman Sachs, I think actually you’re seeing it translate into returns. So, when you eliminate for the quarter an 11.2% ROE for the year-to-date, I think we’re doing whatever we can actually to drive to the bottom line. So I think, I actually think you are seeing it.
Harvey Schwartz: So, you’re right to say we have less. But I think it really correlates more to the fact that we’re just a less complex financial institution than many of our peers. We don’t have the payment systems, we don’t have the consumer banking side of the business, we don’t have that like a lot of our universal peers have. And also as you know this was also driven by loss experience. And when you look at our loss experience over the last several years, it’s been significantly lower than many of our peers. I think that it’s a pretty straightforward answer.
Harvey Schwartz: So, maybe I think let's step back for a second. So in terms of how we think about the Investing & Lending businesses, if you look back over the history of time -- and again we approach this over the long term -- it’s been a significant builder of book value and certainly a valuable contribution the way that we've partnered with clients over many many years and we do think we have some competitive advantages in that business in terms of our global footprint and ability to source transactions. And so I think its economic value in terms of its contribution as the margin you can see and it speaks for itself. I think it’s pro-cyclical. So there is always a discussion about its value in different times of a cycle. But we run it as a pro-cyclical business. And so, I think the question of financial statement presentation I’m happy to take offline with you and Dane. As you know we went through a very thorough review as part of our business standards committee process to actually design our financial statements in a way that actually provide an increased clarity around the various business lines. But we’re always looking to improve that clarity. And so – look, I think we’re better for having this financial disclosure. At the time we got very positive feedback for it. I don’t want to close and be [quippy] (ph) with you, but yeah, do I think generally speaking the marketplace is undervalued than Goldman Sachs' business, yes. But I don't if it's necessarily the result of the financial statements, but we are happy to look at it.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah. No, we haven't focused on a buffer yet. Remember that the balance sheet is very dynamic. And so as we comply with the rule and you can see we are making significant progress, but we haven't determined any buffer and obviously we have a couple of years. Again, I will underscore that as we take our investments out of funds, if you were actually to translate those same assets onto the balance sheet, that gets us to a 5.2, 5.3 level anyway. So there is almost a natural tailwind that creates that. But we will constantly reassess and define all these buffers as we get all the final rules.
Harvey Schwartz: Look, my crystal ball on these kind of things has never been particularly good. So remember it was a year plus ago we were getting asked questions when we first hit a new record in debt underwriting a year plus ago about the end of the debt underwriting cycle. And so, and again in the second quarter we had another record this year. So very difficult to predict. I think a lot of it depends on the environment associated around the rate increases. I think if it's again a return to normalized rates around the globe where we don't have so much incredible essential bank intervention and that's associated with global growth, I think you could see growth in many economies around the world, I think you will see an increase in capital markets activity because you will see companies want to issue debt as they grow, as they move away from being financed by local banks. So I think it will be environment centric. If you saw -- part of what we've seen is you see large M&A transactions and the M&A environment is quite active, you see a lot of related debt issuance. So I definitely think there is something of a reaction function over short periods of times to rate levels, I think a lot of it will be correlated with global growth.
Harvey Schwartz: Look, I think we are the leading merger and acquisition advisory firm in the world. It would be some inconsistent philosophically for us. I just think it would be inconsistent with our core being if we say we weren't willing to consider acquisitions. And so I think you should assume philosophically and culturally that as a management team we'd consider any acquisition if it was accretive in any area of our firm. I do think that as you point out, I do think that the ongoing nature of the regulatory environment probably just makes them more difficult for the industry generally. But we will see overtime. But we are always open minded. And having said all that, I think we've benefited as a firm over many years by keeping our culture intact and doing nothing major. But you've seen us do bolt-on acquisitions from time-to-time. So that's how I'd describe it philosophically.
Harvey Schwartz: So in terms of – there's nothing really material to share with you in terms of the shape of the geographic backlog. As you know, merger transaction is the most significant decision a CEO, his or her management team and a board makes in a life cycle of a company. And so these decisions tend to come into place over many, many years in terms of how they’re executed. At the margin, obviously markets can drive thinking. Sentiment has been a big factor a couple of years ago in preventing transactions from happening. And then when sentiments shifted, you've obviously seen a huge uptick in activity. But there is nothing I would comment on with respect to global activity. Certainly growth, if we see big disparity in growth around the globe, that may be an influencer, but there's nothing to share with you today.
Harvey Schwartz: Again, there is no change in philosophy on how we’ll this. It’s always going to be a quarter-to-quarter assessment. It’s our best estimate for where we stand at that particular point in the year. And as I said, it reflects all the factors you’ve heard us talk about.
Harvey Schwartz: So the comment I made about leverage actually didn’t have anything to do with that. That was actually just transaction specific quarter-to-quarter. As I mentioned, the backlog was up at the end of the third quarter across all categories.
Harvey Schwartz: Specifically what you’re talking about though, it would be interesting to see how that will evolve. I know market participants, regulators, certainly all those at Goldman Sachs are very focused on the compliance with that and that will be very interesting to see over the next couple of years what impact that has in terms of markets where those transactions get financed, at what leverage levels, and that will be evolving story, we’ll keep eye on.
Harvey Schwartz: So when we assess capital return, as you know our preferred mechanism for capital return is really from share repurchase. We think it allows us to be very dynamic in terms of responding to our clients' needs and market conditions. And so while the dividend has certainly come up meaningfully, I think you should still assume that Goldman Sachs will rely on share repurchase as its predominant tool.
Harvey Schwartz: I just want to be clear with that. You may have misheard me or I may have misheard you. There was nothing that I saw about Volcker compliance that I think is at this stage preventing people from providing liquidity. Volcker has been pretty visible for a while now.  The comment I was making is that it’s very hard to assess the collective impact of leverage rules, increases in risk-weighted assets reductions in balance sheet globally in terms of the entire industry and what that means for market liquidity. And we’ve certainly seen areas where people – I haven't looked at all the data, but most firms at this stage have actually shrunk their match books. I think I’m pretty accurate in saying that. And so all market participants, regulators included, have been asking themselves the question of when we were seeing increases in sales and treasuries whether how much of that was driven by market makers' inability or lack of appetite or not being able to position balance sheet in terms of providing that liquidity at important times. We'll have to see again how all this evolves. When you look at Goldman Sachs today given the level of our capital ratios, which I described earlier in the call, we certainly have the capacity to deliver for our clients when they need it. 
Harvey Schwartz: So we obviously focus on -- I think in the context at the moment, this will be very interesting because, you mentioned NSFR so let's just use that as an example. I think as an example of a rule and a concept, I think again that falls into the bucket of a good concept because you want good asset liability management across the industry. We spend a huge amount of time on asset liability management the way that we look at secure funding and how we manage our balance sheet and we run a very conservative profile in terms of how we manage that. With respect in this rule, it will be very interesting because we haven’t even seen the Basel rule yet. I think the big question will be again, when you add this rule on to other rules if there are some long term impact on market liquidity so obviously clients and we will be very focused on that. As this goes to the rule-making process because you specifically make just a deposit, it will be very interesting when you get to the U.S. because as you know in the U.S. it’s a different legal structure in terms of your ability to use deposit funding for certain businesses. And so not only do we need to wait to see the Basel rule, but then we’ll need to see the U.S. rule and how they incorporate just a different legal structure that exists in the U.S. So we’ll have to see how it goes.
Harvey Schwartz: No, it's just a normal part of the marketplace in terms of people coming to the markets and raising capital for a variety of needs. But there is no key driver.
Harvey Schwartz: So again, since there are no more questions, I would like to take a moment to thank all of you for joining the call. Hopefully I and other members of the senior management will get to see you many of you in the coming months. Certainly if there is any additional questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to Dane. And otherwise, enjoy the rest of your day. Look forward to speaking with you on the fourth quarter call. Take care.
