David Solomon: Well, I appreciate it, Glenn. And I think there are a bunch of things that continue to stick because one of the things you know that we've been focused on is building a more durable business and that there are a handful of things when you look across the whole package. We've made significant progress over the course of the last five years. Certainly, building our financing business in our markets business is something that's more durable and more sustainable. We still think there's lots of room to grow. And look, the world is growing and when the world grows and our clients grow, they need us to finance them. We've got the capital to deploy as long as we can drive attractive returns with that client base. And so we stay focused on that. We've doubled our management fees on our Asset & Wealth Management business over the last five years and we continue to be very focused on fundraising, our ability to deliver on that. Those are more durable revenues. And there's operating leverage around that business that we still think we have yet to achieve. You've seen the margin improvement obviously in that business, but that business still has a higher capital density than we'd like that business to have and we continue to focus on our historical principal investments and making progress there. Overall, I think, we've meaningfully improved the client franchise and taken wallet share, and we're just very, very focused on our relative participation in the market opportunity that exists with our big institutional clients. And we've said over the course of the last few years and there have been lots of questions on it, are those wallet shares sticky? I think the wallet shares are. What I can't tell you for sure is what the opportunity set is on every quarter-to-quarter. But when you look at the breadth, the leadership position, the global nature of these businesses and you look at the whole package, these are durable businesses that produce accretive returns where we're very well-positioned. And we continue to focus on executing and enhancing that position.
David Solomon: Sure. So, I mean, big picture and look, I'm not a stock picker, so I'm not going to comment when you make a comparison to the Internet explosion in 1999, 2000, 2001, I'm not going to comment around that. I think we have -- we've got a lot of stock market capitalization that's being driven by big platforms that I think have an enormous competitive advantage around the scaling of these technologies. But broadly speaking, these technologies require certain things, including infrastructure, power, and these things require financing to drive the scale that's going to be necessary for people to execute on the investments that they see as important to keep their businesses competitive at pace. And that is creating an ecosystem of activity in our investment banking and markets business that we've seen in the context of other areas of significant shift or macro expansion over a long period of time. So I actually think there's a very, very constructive runway of opportunity set for us with our clients as people reposition their businesses, and we're talking about a level of scale that is -- that is candidly unprecedented. And so I think that opportunity is something over the course, this is not a quarter-to-quarter thing, this is over the next five to 10 years and we're very, very focused on it and very engaged. And by the way, it's not just companies, it's governments, obviously that are making enormous investments in bringing infrastructure into their locale. And so all of this is something that we're very strategically focused on. Double-clicking and getting more narrowly focused on Goldman Sachs, I would just say we see enormous opportunities for productivity gains and also opportunities for efficiency. Our use cases that we're testing and that we're implementing focus on those two areas. But I'd really like the focus to be more on productivity and the ability to scale our smartest people to do more with our clients rather than expecting an efficiency gain that becomes very cost accretive. I think one of the most important things for this firm and the success of this firm is the time our people spend with clients, serving our clients, executing for our clients, and these tools give us more productivity, and also when we look at our datasets and what we have internally and ability to deliver them a value-added package of information, thought process that we think can be differentiated. And so we're very focused on the productivity side, although, of course, we have analog systems and processes where there will be efficiency and we're also focused on bringing those to bear when we look at our overall cost structure.
David Solomon: So we -- in January, we said to you, we thought high single-digit growth with margin improvement and less capital density over time. We're executing on that. We are very focused at the moment on our organic execution. Firm obviously generates a lot of capital. There could be a time in the future where something might come up that could be interesting and could accelerate that pace in the overall mix. But at the moment, our focus is on the execution of what we have in front of us and we are making good progress. But I think we put out a handful of metrics, both in terms of top-line growth, our ability to continue to fundraise, you saw that we highlighted $15 billion of fundraising in Alternatives in the first quarter. We said we expect to raise $40 billion to $50 billion this quarter -- this year. Obviously, the $15 billion keeps us on pace for the $40 billion to $50 billion we said we could raise this year. That doesn't stop this year. We think we have a very strong fundraising machine that can continue for a number of years going forward. So we're focused on the things that matter in Asset Management. What matters? Performance matters, client experience matters. We're incredibly focused on both those things and working hard to make sure we use our global scale and the depth that we have around the world to execute very -- very effectively.
David Solomon: That was -- it was a -- it was -- there's no way to shade this. It was a strong quarter for Global Banking and Markets. Peak, I mean, I can point in the last few years to quarters in Global Banking and Markets where the returns were higher. But I certainly wouldn't say that this is what we expect to be an average quarter in Global Banking and Markets. We've said clearly, we think this is a mid-teens business through the cycle. The performance this quarter was higher. There were performance last year was meaningfully lower. I think the right thing to focus on, Christian, is mid-teens through the cycle. That's the way we think about it. And there was client activity and opportunity set for us this quarter and I think one of the things that we continue to try to talk about is that when there is opportunity with our clients, there is opportunity in the market. We're good at capturing that, delivering that for shareholders. And then when the environment is more tough though, this is a more durable and sustainable business than people may have looked at the past. But I would view this as a very strong quarter on Global Banking and Markets and not what we would target as the average run-rate for the business.
David Solomon: Yes. Again, this I think comes down to focus and you know we made some very -- we talked about conscious decisions. We have talked about broadening our Wealth platform to get much more broadly into what I'd call kind of high net-worth Wealth Management. And with the sale of United Capital, we continue to be very focused on our ultra-high net-worth platform. It is an extraordinary platform. I do think it's a best-in-class platform. I do think that the ultra-high net-worth business is still a very fragmented business. While we have leading share, I think those shares are still on a global basis, a leader is a single-digit share. There's a lot of wealth in the world, there's a lot of wealth accumulating. But we are very, very well-positioned to continue to capture that secular trend. And I think the business is performing very, very well. So, our alts franchise, I think is differentiated and we're allowed to deliver alts in an effective way to wealth clients. I think that's something that gives us a strong secular tailwind. We're expanding our private banking activity. That's not something that we have been focused on, which I think is also strengthening our position as a wealth manager. So, I think there's a good runway for this business. I do think it's a best-in-class franchise that has room to grow. And I think you're seeing it perform well and we're very focused on it. I think the sharp decision around how we're going to focus this business, I think we're benefiting from at the moment.
David Solomon: Sure. I think one of the things that our Wealth Management franchise finds very attractive is, we want an open platform. And so when it comes to alts, we obviously have a very, very broad, very, very deep, very, very unique offering as one of the top five or six alts providers on an integrated basis in the world with our own products, what we're manufacturing out of our Asset Management business. But in addition, we want an open platform where we deliver them access to alternative solutions and products from all different world-class managers around the world across the spectrum. And so I think that's a very, very unique offering that very, very affluent people who wealth manage at Goldman Sachs find super attractive and super differentiated.
David Solomon: Yes. Brennan, that's -- I appreciate that question. And that's a sharp observation on your part. The sponsor activity is still muted, but I would say it's definitely picking up. The engagement with sponsors in the quarter was meaningfully improved. And as I've said before, sponsors make money both for themselves and for their investors by buying things and selling things. And the level of activity has been incredibly muted. And when you look at the LP community, the LP community is putting a lot of pressure on the financial sponsor community to return more capital and increase the velocity of capital return. And so I do think the pace is going to pick up in the coming quarters. I'd say the activity and interaction and engagement is higher in the first quarter than it was throughout 2023. But I would say it's still operating at lower levels. There's a lot of upside for our business. Our business is very correlated to a pickup in sponsor activity. And so to the degree that it did pick up, that would be a very big tailwind for our business across banking and markets broadly. When I look at our leveraged finance deals book, it's still operating at historically very, very low levels. We feel fortunate that we've got a good amount of capital flexibility. That was to accelerate to deploy which is obviously very accretive and attractive business. We're not seeing it really accelerate yet, but I think it's coming. And certainly, the sustained level we've had over the -- the level we've had over the course of the last 12 to 18 months is not sustainable. It will pick up. It's just a question of when. And so that is a potential tailwind for our business in future quarters.
David Solomon: Look, Mike, I think you summarized it well. I think it's yes to a bunch of the things that you said. We're looking hard -- we are -- I think it's very important for me to say that we're very committed to transaction banking. We think we've got very, very good technology and a good platform that we can grow and continue to scale over time. But there's no question we're very focused on making sure that we execute appropriately and that it's not just top-line growth that it delivers profitability. It's something that sits in our client franchise and adds to the portfolio of things that we can bring to our clients. I think some of the ambitions might have been too broad in terms of our ability to execute immediately. And so we've narrowed that, but we remain committed, focused, and growing. And I think this is a medium and longer-term project that we will deliver on. It's small, but I think we've got the right focus. We made a hire to bolster the expertise in the leadership and we're moving forward on that strategy. And with respect to the cleanup, we continue to narrow and cleanup. The after-tax loss from the platforms was less than $100 million. We've said clearly that we believe that we can bring the platforms to breakeven or profitability in 2025 and we're executing against that.
David Solomon: Well, I think there were a number of things, Mike, that came together. I think when you're building new businesses, you give authority to the people that are building those businesses and you create metrics and you hold people accountable as you advance. And I think there were things where we thought we could do more globally and candidly when we really looked at the cost of executing and delivering, there was more friction in that context. And so we've chosen to narrow some of that in terms of the global footprint of that. That doesn't mean later there might not be opportunity to do it, but we think for now, that's the right action. I'd say secondarily, the regulatory environment changed massively and has also raised the bar and created headwinds in a different lens with which we look at the expansion of these kinds of activities. And so that's something else that went into the mix. And so look, I think one of the things that we try to do is to look at everything with facts, with data, with information to be unemotional and to be willing to say, okay, this isn't exactly right. So we're going to adjust. And I think we're showing that we're willing to adjust and make adjustments always with a goal of growing the firm and delivering for shareholders, driving profitable businesses that deliver accretive returns for shareholders. We'll get some things right, we'll get some things wrong. But when we look at the information of the data and it's not exactly perfect, we'll adjust.
David Solomon: Well, at a high level, and this was one of the things that we observed and I think we got right over a period of time, that we started with the top 100, we're now focused on the top 150 clients in this business. The top 150 clients provide a very significant portion of all the activity in this franchise. And so your share with them and managing the share with them has a big impact on your wallet shares. I think the thing that we've done well and that we see is really the case is that they all operate across all products and all activities and all silos and the ability to create a very seamless experience for them across the firm is a big change for us versus where we might have been a decade ago. And so it's something we're very focused on. There are times when there's more activity in commodities, there's time when there's more activity in credit, there's time when there's more activity in mortgages. It moves and it ebbs and flows, but what we're really trying to do is to make sure we have the full package to serve them in the most effective way and we've made real progress in that over the course of the last couple of years. I think the opportunity for us to continue to make progress comes from the fact that in the top 150, I think we stand at slightly under top three with 117 of them, don't hold me to that number exactly. It's probably, okay, 117 of them. So, obviously, we have progress to make because there's no reason why Goldman Sachs shouldn't be top three with the overwhelming majority much closer to 90% of those 150. And also when you look at top three, there are also clients where we're third, where we absolutely should be first or second. And so we continue to drill down. We continue to go, talk to our clients, listen to our clients, get feedback on how we can do a better job serving them. And that discipline and that rigor, I think is helping us execute for them, but there's more work to do and we don't take our position for granted. We try to create the right culture of focus and intensity that allows us to continue to deliver and execute both.
Denis Coleman: Good morning, Glenn. It's Dennis. As we've said over the last number of quarters, we've been very, very focused on non-comp and containing the growth of non-comp. There clearly are inflationary pressures that impact a number of items in our non-comp expense. The sharp decrease sequentially we're pleased with, as well as the year-over-year decrease, but there were a number of items over the course of last year that we didn't necessarily expect to repeat. And so it's good to get on to a more normalized operating trajectory with respect to our non-comp expense base, but it's something we're going to remain very, very focused on managing in a disciplined fashion. But I think this quarter is a much more normal quarter than some of the preceding quarters.
Denis Coleman: Look, to give you some color on that, I wouldn't point to any particular discrete item. I would say the revenue generation, the activity was broad-based. But in addition to the consequence of the focus on market share and wallet share that we've made across the client franchise over time, we also did see good opportunities to risk intermediate on behalf of clients across geographies, across asset classes. And I would observe that over the course of the quarter, it was just a very benign operating environment. Credit spreads were tightening, equity valuations were going up, and that provides a tailwind to our performance across portions of our Global Banking and Markets business as well. The first quarter is obviously often seasonally strong as well. So we think we really captured a lot of the opportunity that was presented by both the environment and our client engagement. And as David said, that may not necessarily be the case each and every quarter, particularly in FICC and Equities. So, when we talk about like a Global Banking and Markets segment overall, clearly more upside across banking, but a strong performance across both FICC and Equities in Q1.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Brennan, it's Denis. So, a couple of things. Obviously, the movement in AUS is a function of how we fundraise, how we deploy, and overall levels. We have had a lot of success fundraising, not just in the last quarter at $14 billion, but now with the whole $265 billion-plus since the original Investor Day. But there is a lag in terms of when some of that capital is put to use and actually moves into AUS. Not all of our funds that are raised are AUS-ing immediately. So I think that is something you can look out for in future periods. And then in terms of some of the sequentials on alts, as David was walking through our platform, our Wealth platform in terms of having Goldman Sachs proprietary funds, also open architecture, and third-party platform, some of the alts fees we generate in raising capital for other managers on our platform, and if we look over the sequential period, we had less by way of placement fees associated with those capital raises in the first quarter than we did in the fourth quarter last year.
Denis Coleman: Sure. I think it's well-covered. I mean, I think there was -- there's been a lot of discussion over the past of the -- past year of sort of private credit versus syndicated alternative, but the reality is, the syndicated alternative didn't really exist. And so it was really just a discussion around private credit. With first quarter activity levels, you now see a viable, functioning, and healthy syndicated loan market. The vast majority of the activity was actually refinancing. A lot of that refinancing was refinancing private credit capital structures with the more attractive pricing available in the broad-based syndicated market. So the reality is, these are all just forms of credit made available to different borrowers. And over time, I think there'll be a much more normalized mix where you'll see underwritten as well as directly lent solutions, in some cases, existing in the same capital structure. And I think we're just in a healthier environment, but from Goldman Sachs' perspective is positive because the data points that we now see across the leverage lending market make sponsor estimated weighted-average cost of capital much more observable and that should unlock their ability to start to price and put together transactions that should fuel some incremental sponsor-related change of control activity. So, I think the sort of two markets functioning side-by-side is good in terms of activity and what it means on the forward for Goldman Sachs.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thanks, Steven. So, yes, you're right on all counts. Obviously, we have a variety of both capital and liquidity ratios that we manage to over time. The SLR is a slower-moving ratio as you know, but our bindingness can move back and forth between various ratios over time. And we have a bunch of levers that we can pull with respect to our activities to manage that. But I appreciate the question.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thanks for the question. So, a couple of things, and may have been embedded in your question. But obviously looking at some of the -- on the progress in the equity investments line on a sequential basis. Just a reminder that in Q4 when we sold Personal Financial Management, that was reflected as a gain in equity investments of about $350 million that did not repeat. So that will give you some -- some insight into how that's trending sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, we are seeing performance in the private portfolio, sort of in line with what you're suggesting we might expect. And what we did see a particular markdown in the public portfolio that sort of netted into the ultimate equity investment results. We also, as you know, have been -- have focused on selling down a portion of our historical principal investments. So a combination of the ultimate size of the notional remaining in our portfolio combined with what the market conditions are, will obviously contribute -- contribute to the ultimate performance. The other guidance that we've put out there generally, medium-term guidance is that across both equity and debt investments, you're looking at a number of about $2 billion on a year. So you could put that in the quarter, about $500 million. Those are some pieces of color I'd give you.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thanks. Let me clarify. I was making a comment with respect to revenue and then separately as it relates to the rundown of that portfolio, I guess the way to think of it, picking up questions from last earnings and/or this one. The progress that we made in the first quarter of roughly $1.5 billion, we think that's decent assumption for the pace over the course of this year. And then we just reiterated our commitment to selling down substantially all of it in line with our target.
Denis Coleman: On the historical principal investment portfolio, yes, we would expect something roughly in line with $1.5 billion per quarter for the balance of the year.
Denis Coleman: Sure. So, obviously, where Basel III ends up and which components of the rule actually are put in place and how they're drafted and how they're calculated, et cetera, will be highly determinative. But I'd say the breadth of our financing activities across both FICC and Equity are much broader than that particular component. And we expect that the underlying demand from our clients for financing across both FICC and Equities will remain high. We have leading market shares and capabilities there. So we'll expect to be able to deliver in that regard. And depending on where various pieces of regulation end up, we'll make whatever adjustments we need, either to pricing or the mix of our businesses or look for other ways to serve our clients.
Denis Coleman: Sure. I appreciate the question. We were deliberate in our script remarks about the degree of capital flexibility that we expected, but also pick up on something that David said earlier on the call, which is that we remain very committed to our capital deployment hierarchy, which starts with our client franchise. And some of the activities where historically we've been able to deploy capital have been less active. And so we have a good amount of cushion and flexibility at this point in time. As our clients become more active, the first place that we're going to look to deploy our capital is to support our clients and their activities. And after that, we would, of course, as you note, continue to be focused on a sustainable and growing dividend. And only after that would we think about return of capital.
