David Solomon: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. And so appreciate the question, and you're right. It has to do with dialogs and things that we can see. I'd say as we came into the new year, there's no questions dialogs have picked up. There's no question -- and I always talk about this when we talk about it broadly, confidence affects the ability for people to move forward to be active in the M&A market and certainly what's gone on over the course of the last four weeks has slowed down some of the dialogs. But when you think about big strategic activity, I think most big companies continue to operate from a position where they're trying to make sure they have the scale and the strength competitively to advance their strategies. And so those strategic dialogs are quite active. And if you actually look over the course of the last week or two, there have been a handful of deals that have been announced that highlight that. We're seeing more dialogs like that and so we're hopeful that more of that will come to fruition. I just think that's a steady part of the diet. The companies need to continue to execute on to improve their strategic position. Now, with respect to financial sponsors, we're still going through a reset. I'm encouraged by the fact in the quarter, we saw one or two deals where kind of the bid offer between the value that a financial sponsor could achieve and the financing price came to a -- came to meet. There was a good data point and a sell-down of a legacy deal in the market, but I would say the financial sponsor activity is still muted and there is more upside as the reset on both value and financing cost continues. I think we're going to get there. I'd expect more in the second half of the year unless there was a really strong, a much more pronounced economic disruption because it just takes time for people to reset. We've now kind of gone through five quarters of reset. And so generally speaking, historically, you kind of see these things turn on after four to six quarters. So I would just expect more of a base level of activity from what's been very, very muted.
David Solomon: Yes. So I appreciate the question. I mean, it's been interesting -- this morning just watching what I'd highlight is, I think we had a very solid quarter in FICC. We had nearly a $4 billion quarter. And just to put that in perspective, I think that's a top-decile quarter for that. I think we've had -- I think it was the eighth best quarter on record. I think we've got 96 quarters. So it was a solid performance and just the headline number of $4 billion, the way we look at it, that's a very solid FICC quarter. It was certainly a quarter there was volatility in client activity throughout the quarter, and I think we were well positioned to serve our clients and served our clients well. Now, some of the noise that I see just from the early morning release, our FICC business was down versus the first quarter of last year by 17%, but in the first quarter of last year, we had significant outperformance. If I remember correctly, our FICC revenues in the first quarter of last year were up year-over-year 21% when the competitor average was kind of flat or down. And you can go look at that from a base perspective. We had much more significant outperformance in the first quarter of 2022 because of our commodities business and the breadth of our commodities business. So if you remember back in the first quarter of 2022, the war with Ukraine started, there was more volatility in commodities and clients were very active in commodities. And so it was an outsized quarter in commodities in the first quarter of 2022. But overall, I think FICC performance in the quarter was strong. We were there to serve our clients. And by any standards, it was a good quarter. I think given the environment that we're operating in, I would expect activity to continue to be active with our clients. It's certainly an uncertain period of time and there's a lot of movement and positioning, and so we're finding our clients active at the moment.
David Solomon: Yes. So we commented in the script about the fact that we made more progress on the disposition of our historical principal investments, and we highlighted that we reduced them from just under $30 billion to just over $27 billion during the quarter. Then it's also highlighted in the script that we feel on track to get to the $15 billion target number that we laid out over the course of the next 24 months. We feel good about that progress and we're going to continue to move to reduce that to zero over time. There are a lot of positions. There's no question when there are market headwinds, some of that might go a little bit slower, but we're on pace with what we're trying to do and are committed to it. And obviously, we see a big change in that business as we grow management fees and we take the legacy investments out, the volatility in that business, we believe, will change meaningfully.
David Solomon: So I appreciate that question. We're obviously very focused on share and our share gains. We do participate with the hedge fund community, but when you look at our big competitors, they participate very actively with the hedge fund community too. We also are very significant with the broad institutional community. As I said just in the previous question, our clients are active at the moment because there's a lot going on. We're very focused on our market share. As we said in our Investor Day, we laid out more metrics and more of a focus on continuing to look at where we can advance our position with the top 100 clients that we deal with in our markets business. We continue to be optimistic about our share position, our overall ability to serve our clients, and we do think in this environment, clients will continue to be active.
David Solomon: I think, Betsy, what we said clearly is we're narrowing the focus. We continue to be focused on our deposit platform and our credit card platform. I do think there are opportunities for us to do other interesting things strategically and how we think about operating it, but we're going to continue to examine all the things that we can do to make that as successful as possible. As I just highlighted, we don't think we're necessarily the best owner of GreenSky. So we're taking action on that, and then we'll continue to move forward to bring the consumer platform -- the card platforms to profitability.
David Solomon: Yes. So appreciate the question, Brennan. The -- we think in transaction banking, we have a very good platform, a very good product. And the feedback that we're getting from clients about the product offering, how it works, what it allows corporate treasuries and CFOs to do is very positive. It's obviously attractive for us to take deposits, but we want deposits that are stickier and are here because people are operating on our platform. And so we're working hard to make sure, as we're adding clients, we're bringing the value that attaches the technology to what they're doing in a way that grows that platform. We are seeing positive results, but this takes time. These are long-cycle decisions. They're not day-to-day decisions on short-term trades. As Denis highlighted, we had good momentum in terms of customer count where people added themselves to our platform. And so we're going to continue to focus on that. I do think, given the size and the strength of Goldman Sachs, as a G-SIB and the way we're positioned, we're well positioned to compete with our clients for this business, coupled with the fact that we have an excellent product offering. So we are going to stay focused on that and we expect the business to grow over time.
David Solomon: So thank you for the question. So obviously this is something that we launched yesterday that gives us another deposit channel. It's the opportunity for somebody that's a credit cardholder to put a deposit on. We've obviously looked very closely at the overlap between who holds credit cards and who holds -- who has a Marcus deposit and that overlap is small, but we'll obviously watch closely to see whether or not there is any cannibalization. But this is a way for us to try to open up another deposit channel and it's always good for us to broaden our deposit base. And so this is small at the moment and we'll watch it carefully, but I think it's an interesting opportunity for the firm.
David Solomon: Well, I think our core banking and markets franchise is incredibly well positioned. You can see the performance this quarter. I certainly wouldn't call it a top quartile for investment banking, traditional capital markets, IPOs, M&A activity. But with a 16.7% ROE in our banking and markets segment, I think it's performing well. We have the breadth, the footprint, the global franchise, I think, to continue to strengthen our share. And as I commented a little bit earlier, we continue to be focused on looking at our performance on the top 100, now expand to the top 150 clients and making sure that we're moving up and capturing share and serving them well. I do think, given some of the things that have gone on, there are other opportunities. I think one of the interesting opportunities is the private wealth opportunity over in Europe. We see lots of customers that had had accounts at both large Swiss institutions with a consolidation. We're certainly seeing opportunities in our private wealth business as people want to diversify the private wealth relationships we have. And so that's an area for share that we're focused on. So we continue to look across both Global Banking & Markets and also Asset & Wealth Management for opportunities that we can strengthen our position and we think both franchises are very well positioned.
David Solomon: And I'd just say, Dan, that one of the things that happens in this business is as you scale and you have the breadth that we have in this business, we set a target for 2024, but there is a longer-term goal on target, and there's lots of room for us to grow and continue to expand our footprint and position given the offering that we have across the broad alternative spectrum, the global nature of our platform. And so this is still -- these are long-dated fundraisings, long-cycle stuff, but there is a lot of runway for us once we get past the 2024 target too.
David Solomon: Well, I appreciate the question, Gerard. And I think all these things contribute. Financing availability contributes on certain assets; IPO market can contribute on certain assets, and just general valuations contribute on certain assets. I want to put the comments in perspective because I think that appropriately, we want to make sure people understand obviously that when there is a lot of volatility or there are tough markets, it might slow this down, but we laid out at our Investor Day a plan to move over the coming few years to close to zero on the historical principal investments. We continue to have a target to get to $15 billion by the end of 2024. We're confident that we're going to execute on that target. So I think the way to think about this is we laid out a multi-year plan to reduce this down to close to zero and we're moving along on that target. I wouldn't take the comments that on any quarter-to-quarter basis, things can slow down. I wouldn't overstate that, but I want people to be aware that if the market or the environment turns more difficult, that could potentially slow us down. But we're very focused on this, and we're going to continue to work to execute on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
David Solomon: Yes. I'd also -- I also just want to highlight, when we spoke at Investor Day, we said clearly that we are focused on accelerating buybacks. That is still in place. Quarter-to-quarter may vary, but that is still in place. And so I just want that also kept in perspective too.
David Solomon: Yes. I think there have been some greenshoots. There were certainly some greenshoots in February. Levels are still muted. There are obviously a number of things out there that we'd like to get done, and we're seeing some indication of some significant transactions starting to prepare to get -- to move forward, given markets seem to have settled down a little bit. But I still think we're below trend level. As I said earlier in the conversation, history tells you that there is plenty of capital raising that needs to get done. Generally speaking, people have to use the capital markets to execute on their strategies. But when you have these slowdowns or these windows close, they typically -- you get that rebalanced after four to six quarters. We're kind of five quarters in. And so my expectation or hope is we won't see improvements from what have been very muted levels, but at this point, we had a very volatile March, and I'd say things are still slow, but we are starting to see some more greenshoots again. And we'll just have to watch and see how things unfold in the quarter and into the back half of the year.
David Solomon: On the second part of the question, I think when you look at Latin America, it's more marginal for us, but there is -- we really do have a global footprint, and there are opportunities for us, especially as so many very wealthy individuals deal in dollars around the world. We also have very, very strong Latin American presence that comes into our presence in Florida, obviously, where our private wealth business is focused on Latin America. So there is opportunity there. We continue to have a broad private wealth footprint in Asia. We haven't been as focused on growth and investment in Asia as we have been in Europe over the course of the last couple of years. We did launch a private wealth joint venture over in Asia over the course of the last couple of months with ICBC, which I think is a small and slow opportunity, but is an opportunity for us. I think the interesting thing is whenever there is consolidation, as we look at very wealthy individuals that are on our private wealth platform, they tend to have multiple providers. So whenever there is consolidation, there are opportunities to talk to people as people then rethink their footprint and the diversification of their footprint. And so our private wealth teams are very focused on that and the way we serve those clients.
David Solomon: I don't really have a -- I don't have a comment on that, Andrew. There are a variety of factors in the actions that they took. Ultimately, there was a bank run at SVB and that led to the situation we are. But I don't -- I'm not going to go back and recount what decisions that management and that board made around that.
David Solomon: Yes. Thanks, Mike. So first, why now, it's actually not why now. It's like -- it's why over the last 12 months is, as you know, we made a strategic decision kind of 12 months ago at this point to really narrow our consumer focus, and we've been executing on it. And it's not narrowing that focus and making those decisions and executing on it are not things that can be done instantaneously. So we've gone through a very, very thoughtful process and we're moving forward in the execution of that. Again, I think these things also are just not like they're small in the overall scope of Goldman Sachs. The Marcus loan portfolio was profitable but small, wasn't strategic. GreenSky, as we highlighted today, we think it's a good business, good platform, and actually, as we watch it perform, it's performing well. But given the way we've narrowed our focus, not strategic for us. And so we're simply executing on the decisions that we laid out and we'll continue to do things that we think are right over time to deliver for our shareholders. On the second question, which is just what happened in March, how did it affect capital markets and M&A, I think it has a effect. It was a highly -- as I highlighted in my comments, this kind of an unusual few-week period with really, really outsized volatility, and as you and I discussed before, whenever you have that kind of volatility, it slows down capital markets activity. So I thought we were starting to get a little bit more capital markets activity at the end of February. I noticed now equity markets seem to be behaving well, debt markets are behaving reasonably well. I can't say that there won't be some other event that creates stress. There certainly are other things on the horizon that you could see that could create volatility like the negotiation around the debt ceiling, just to point to an example, but I do think when you have that kind of volatility, it slows down or it has people push out things that they were thinking about bringing into the capital markets. So yes, [technical difficulty] quarter. It was certainly a pretty muted quarter for investment banking activity for us and for the market as a whole.
David Solomon: Sure. Thanks. Thanks, Ebrahim. So across the firm, we have multiple funding channels, multiple sources that we tap in our BAU activities. We have multiple deposit channels that we also actively work with each and every day. We view this as one incremental and diversifying source of deposits, enables us to deepen our relationship with Apple, tap into their ecosystem and the clients that we serve together who are cardholders and want to sort of take advantage of the ease of moving into a deposit account. And we'll take those deposits along with all the other deposits in our portfolio and deploy it into the client franchise.
Denis Coleman: Glenn, it's Denis. Thanks for the question. I'd say that our conviction around the transaction banking business remains very, very strong. I think what we were able to observe in the first quarter, I highlighted in my script and it's something that we're focused on strategically, is, we grew the client count by about 20% in the quarter, which is a similar amount to all of last year. And we're very, very focused on continuing to improve our position with our clients, offer them more and more services and grow this business steadily over the long-term to create value. I think in terms of how the deposits themselves performed over the course of the quarter, they were in line with our expectations, and as we indicated, they ended on a quarter-over-quarter basis up just about $1 billion.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Christian, it's Denis. Thank you for the question around capital. And obviously, in this case, appreciating the starting point in Q1, where we significantly increased the amount of buyback activity in Q1. We remain very committed to return of capital to shareholders, committed to sustainably growing our dividend, committing to the overall capital return profile, but we're also observing opportunities to deploy into the franchise on behalf of clients. And there are elements of uncertainty in the overall macroeconomic environment. And so our expectations is that buyback activity will be moderated, but we'll monitor that over the course of the quarter. As you say, we do like the stock price and remain committed to return of capital to shareholders.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thanks. In terms of the overall trajectory for the segment, I think we have to step back. Our number one focus is driving towards profitability. We also mentioned that we look to continue to improve the efficiency ratio. That's certainly over the course of a period of time. Maybe not every given quarter, but we remain committed to what we outlined. As you say, we've seen good top line performance of the business. And on the reserve release, it was a function of owning our point-of-sale business for some period of time, been able to observe it, take in more data. And GreenSky is actually performing better than we had modeled. And so that was a contributor to the reserve release in the segment. As we think about it on a go-forward basis, it's obviously going to be a function of origination activities across the platform. We now have a reserve level of roughly 13% in the consumer space. So that can give you a sense of how to model provisions based on forward origination activity.
Denis Coleman: Thank you. Thank you very much. So let me take that in pieces. In terms of -- on the compensation expense, any charges associated with severance and some of the actions that we took in the first quarter are included within our overall comp accrual, which is a 30% -- 33% of our revenues net of provisions. That's embedded inside of that number. In terms of the change in non-compensation expenses, they were flat on a quarter-over-quarter basis, but did include, as you know, $355 million of CIE impairments. And so we thought it was important to call that out. And that also explains a bunch of the year-over-year delta between Q1 '22 and Q1 '23. That together with full quarter impact of NNIP helps explain the delta in that line for the first quarter of this year.
Denis Coleman: So as we see the capital release from some of those activities, that just gives us incremental flexibility with respect to how we ultimately deploy that either back in the franchise and/or returning that capital back to shareholders.
Denis Coleman: So we sold about $1 billion of the Marcus loans and the balance has been moved to held-for-sale, and so we'll be looking at moving down that position over time.
Denis Coleman: So we marked the entire -- we sold a portion of the portfolio, and then we marked the balance to market. And you'll see that reflected in the $470 million number moving through net revenues. And our reserve release was $440 million. If you think about the portfolio overall for the quarter, we generated incremental NII, and we had other net paydowns. So for the whole quarter, we generated revenues north of $150 million and it was profitable for the quarter. As we move forward into the second quarter, we'll continue to generate net interest income on that portfolio and move down the balance of those exposures.
Denis Coleman: Sure. I appreciate that question. I'll give you some context to help you understand sort of the sequential activity and the direction. So our overall balances were a lot lower into the end of last year based on overall market levels and also as we reduced our footprint. And so as we came into the first quarter, we were able to re-expand the capacity, clients engaged with us. We saw an increase in balances, increase in client activities, increase in customer spreads. We've had in place for some time, a strategy to identify new types of clients that could come on to the platform and engage with us. And so I'd say that we're working sort of full speed ahead on that. We continue to be very, very focused on this as one of the key priorities within the Global Banking & Markets business.
Denis Coleman: So thanks a lot for the question. Obviously, this remains a big area of strategic focus for us. With $14 billion raised in the first quarter and now up to $193 billion, we feel very good about that. We indicated that the pace could slow over the balance of the year, but we do have about 20 offerings in market on diversified basis across asset classes where we're actively looking to raise funds. I think it's really the breadth and the diversity of our franchise that's going to enable us to continue to raise those types of assets. Different strategies will play towards different types of environments and having the breadth of offering, I think, is proving to be beneficial. So even though we indicated it may slow later in this year, strong conviction that we'll be on pace for the total amount that we had indicated, just given what we see across our platform.
Denis Coleman: So at Investor Day, we outlined that over the course of the year, we'd have run rate payroll expense of about $600 million and non-comp efficiency, about $400 million, and we see about half of that reflected in this year and the balance thereafter. I'd say we're on target for those initiatives and those efficiencies. And we continue to look at it, and we continue to see other opportunities to incrementally drive efficiency across our platform. One area we had focused on for quite some time was the overall level of professional fees. We continue to grind that down. And if you look at some of the sequential components of our overall non-compensation expense, you'll see we're making good progress against most of the line items.
Denis Coleman: Thanks for the question. Look, I think it gets back to how we think about our overall capital allocation framework, and we're looking at opportunities to deploy against our client franchise where there could be opportunities for incremental deployment. Given some of the disruption that we're seeing in markets, we want to remain mindful of that. We want to remain committed to returning capital to shareholders, and so we're looking to strike the right balance while being mindful of the overall operating environment.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Still very, very committed to the FICC financing business, which, as we indicated, was up slightly year-over-year. There continue to be good opportunities to deploy on behalf of clients. I think a lot of the market share progress and client engagement progress that we made over the last couple of years sets us up as one of the go-to calls for the provision of financing across the FICC space. So that, combined with the equity financing, remain real priorities for our Global Banking & Markets business. We feel good about it.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thanks. So as you know, we have our card platform business. We've been building that over the next -- over the last several years. We have partnership with General Motors, a partnership with Apple, and we've been steadily investing in those relationships and building our balances. As you indicate, given the overall environment, the total balances actually were down sequentially, just given seasonality and given some of our credit underwriting standards and origination volumes, but this is a business that we continue to invest in and believe it's an overall piece of the firm that is diversifying.
