Denis Coleman: Hi, Glenn. Denis here. Thank you very much for the question. I think I understood it. It was regarding compensation and also non-compensation expenses. And as you noted, for the full year, we were able to take the compensation ratio down by over 200 basis points, while still being able to have a level of compensation and benefits that we thought was appropriate in light of the firm's performance, taking into context the competitive environment for talent and also wanted to ensure that we had our team in place ready to continue to serve our clients and continue to execute on our plan as we go forward. To the extent that the environment in 2022 shifts, that compensation model is highly variable, and that is a lever that we can certainly pull to continue to deliver on our targets with respect to efficiency ratio as well as aggregate level of returns. I think, you separately pointed out that non-compensation expenses were up. And those non-compensation expenses were up as we continue to make investments in the firm. Some of the largest drivers of our non-compensation expense in the year were transaction-related activity. That is our largest non-compensation expense. And to the extent that activity were to vary and be different, we would expect those expenses to be different. Other drivers were professional fees and then also technology spend. And these are technology spend, in particular, technology spend and engineering expense is a strategic expense for the firm. That's one area where we expect to continue to invest. But we similarly have a number of levers across our operating expenses that should the environment prove different in 2022, we would look to make adjustments to.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thank you, Brennan. It's Denis. And look, obviously, recognize we have a different business than some of our large commercial bank peers. But that being said, given our expectation for the rate environment, we see ourselves as remaining modestly asset-sensitive. We are focused on continuing to drive lending, increase our net interest earning assets. So, we would expect a benefit in that environment, in that context. I mean, the other thing I would point out to you, we mentioned in the script that with the first -- or I should say, with the first 25 basis-point rate hike, we would expect to be able to roll off the majority of our fee waivers, our money market funds. And just for context, that total number in 2021 was $565 million.
Denis Coleman: So, thank you for the question. We're very focused on credit risk. We're very focused on risk management across all the risk stripes. And while David has highlighted our strategic objectives to grow the firm, drive more recurring durable revenues, more financing and lending activities, there is an attractiveness to the stability and predictability of that but all provided that you remain disciplined on credit. And so, that is something that we take into account as we think about the growth of our various businesses within the consumer business, within the wholesale business. And as we think about extension of credit across other segments of the firm, I would point out, for example, that where we grow in the area of FICC financing, we're doing so with secured structures at reasonable LTVs. As we deploy into the wealth segment, these are high-quality wealth management loans. And so -- and as David just referenced in the consumer sector, one of the things beyond the value of the 10,000 merchants for GreenSky is the high FICO characteristics of the customer base. And so, segment by segment, we're making an effort to grow these types of revenues, grow our balances, but to do so in a credit-sensitive fashion.
Denis Coleman: Sure. And maybe just to add some context on the fourth quarter. So looking at the fourth quarter versus third quarter of '21 and also frankly versus fourth quarter of '20, the comparison is such that the performance in the prior periods was really stronger. And when we looked at the fourth quarter of 2021, we didn't have the exact same opportunities to deploy capital as we saw in the third quarter, and some of the market making for us was less attractive on a quarter-over-quarter basis, both versus the third quarter and fourth quarter in '20. But again, stepping back, equities still did deliver its second best performance ever. So from the state of the franchise, the quality of the client dialogue, the investments we've been making and the efficiencies of that business and our focus on growing the financing component of that, that all feels very good to us.
Denis Coleman: So, a couple of things I would mention to you as we think about capital ratio. So obviously, ending at -- ending the year at 14.2%, what I was focused on in particular in terms of a discernible headwind is actually the announced but not yet closed acquisition of NNIP. We expect that to close in the beginning part of the second quarter, and that would take sort of 20 basis points of the ratio to address that. And as it relates to sizing up our share buybacks, I mentioned the expectation that for the first quarter, we'd be at or around the level of the fourth quarter. And the reason for that is to ensure that we do have the capacity to support client activity. And having referenced that, our Investment Banking backlog is up significantly year-over-year. And given the outlook for markets where we have a path towards rate normalization, ongoing energy transition, single stock volatility, we see lots of opportunities. We want to make sure we're available to support our clients' strategic objectives. So hopefully, that's helpful context for you.
Denis Coleman: Okay. Steve, it's Denis. I'll take that. Thank you for that question. I mean, obviously, transaction banking, 1 of the 4 initiatives that David highlighted and an opportunity from an addressable market perspective that is very, very large and one where we're seeing very good momentum. So, we focused obviously on our tech, on the platform, on the user interface. That's now been well validated by clients coming on board the platform. We have active clients in excess of 350 at this point in time. The deposit growth, as you noted, over $50 billion and ahead of target, feeling very, very good about that. On the last quarter's call, we mentioned that operational and insured deposits as a percentage of core deposits had ticked up over 25%. That's now ticked up over 30%. So again, as David indicated, in terms of metrics and management and targets and the way in which we look to grow and build these strategic businesses, we're trying to provide these benchmarks, which we hold ourselves accountable to make progress time over time. I guess, on the revenue front, we've also made very good progress. So revenues for 2021 are up more than 50% and now north of approximately $225 million for the year. So, across each of the aspects of that build and that business and in light of what we see is a very, very attractive addressable market that leverages our core competency with the corporates, we feel good about the progress to date and on the forward.
David Solomon: Thanks, Steve, I'll start and there might be some stuff that Denis adds. But I think the most important thing and you highlighted it and we feel very good about it, and I think it's one of the reasons why we were able to deliver 23% returns for the year is there was a client opportunity and an activity opportunity, and we allocated to it resources including capital and therefore, driving RWAs. In a different environment, if this normalized, we think we have the nimble ability to be reactive and adjust. We've always been relatively nimble in our capital allocation to the business. I think we made the right decision this year and captured a lot of upside and therefore a lot of book value growth. But in an environment where the market opportunity and the client opportunity was different, it would be reflected in changes in our balance sheet position and our RWAs. Listening to the first two questions, I just again highlight, we look through everything. This management team is looking through everything through the lens of the fact that we laid out a strategic plan two years ago to drive higher returns and invest in our businesses, grow certain platforms and run the firm more efficiently. When we had that Investor Day two years ago, none of us could have anticipated the environment that we've lived through over the last two years and particularly the environment this year, which was obviously a significant tailwind for our business. I think we've done a very good job being nimble and capturing the opportunity that existed because of the increase in client activity. But we, in no way see that as a permanent environment that's going to continue at this pace. We continue to be focused on doing exactly what we set out in the Investor Day to deliver higher, more durable returns. We're going to update you on what we think that looks like, but we remain very confident of what we set out at our Investor Day. I think there's more that we can do. And so obviously, if some of the market activity that we saw in 2021 dissipated in 2022, we would change our capital allocation, our RWAs and our expense base accordingly.
David Solomon: Sure. And we continue to find more ways to migrate certain platforms to the cloud, which gives us more efficiency and ability to connect with our clients and deliver resources to our clients. This partnership with AWS allows us to take our data sets inside Goldman Sachs. And if you think about SecDB and all the trading data sets and information that we have inside. In the old model, clients come to us, we use that data and we give them feedback so they can transact. In the new model, we're allowing an ability for clients to connect directly into that so they can develop directly on that platform with our data sets, which will allow them to think differently about their execution decisions and priorities. There are different things that can happen from that. One, with certain very large clients, we've got direct feedback from those clients that that can improve our wallet share because we're delivering real value to them; and secondarily, we actually think there can be opportunities for people to pay for that as a service, given the size of our data set and the resources that we can deploy.
David Solomon: Well, I think strategic activity is going to continue to be very high. And one of the things I touched on in my opening comments, we have a very, very interesting macro environment because you have all these supply chain disruptions. And I think those supply chain disruptions are real, having a big effect on business. And so, people are looking for opportunities to strategically accelerate in a changing environment. People are looking for further opportunities for scale. They're looking for further opportunities to consolidate. And that's one of the reasons why the activity levels across our M&A platform are quite active. And so both from a backlog perspective and real-time activity and just getting around with CEOs broadly, we think there's a good tailwind for continued M&A activity. And the uncertainty in the environment interestingly is actually helping that tailwind because it's forcing people to look hard at ways they can strengthen their competitive position. And so I think we have a big reset going on coming out of COVID around supply chains, the way businesses are positioned. And I think that's going to create a significant amount of client activity. Now, when you get back into the latter part of the year, you talk about different economic environments, it's very hard to see that far out. But at the moment, the M&A activity tailwind looks reasonably good.
David Solomon: Well, Mike, I appreciate the question. And again, I just want to take you back. We laid out a plan and we set some targets, and we are very confident of our ability to deliver on those targets. And we're going to provide more information based on what we know in the coming months as to how we think we're going forward. But, we're committed to that efficiency ratio target. And I said this clearly in my remarks, in any environment. And so look, this was certainly a very, very interesting year. And I feel very good about the fact that there was an enormous opportunity given client activity for us to capture more of that activity, make some investments around it and deliver really extraordinary returns and really extraordinary book value growth for our shareholders. In a different environment, I'm confident that there are a number of different levers that we can pull in that different environment to continue to deliver on the targets we set and make the firm more durable and continue to grow our returns. And so, we're focused on that. We're not wrapped up in the quarter. We're focused on our 1, 2 and 3-year version, a vision of how we can continue to drive the firm forward. And so I hope that's helpful. But that's the way we're thinking about it. That's what we're focused on. And there was an extraordinary opportunity this year, and we feel like we captured it.
David Solomon: Sure. And look, I don't have a crystal ball, Mike. And so, there certainly could be volatility in activity levels, but I think the important thing is to step back again and think about our franchise. And I harken back to our Investor Day when we talked about our position in Global Markets, and we said we wanted to grow our wallet share. We wanted to increase the scalability of our client franchise. We wanted to be more important to our clients. We've materially grown our wallet share. We've materially increased our position, and there was definitely more client activity last year and this year, and so we were able to capture that. In a more normalized environment, that opportunity might be different, but we think we have the right resources to continue to be a leader and to capture what that puts forward and deliver reasonable returns against our overall package of returns as a firm. I do think that market levels and activity levels, given we're in a very, very unusual macro environment, are going to continue to be reasonable as we start into this year. I'm not going to predict what things look like in the second half of the year or next year, but you've still got a lot of volatility around the pandemic. You've got big changes in supply chain. You've got changes in interest rates. There's a lot going on. And so, we still see clients being relatively active. But what I feel best about is over the last two years, we've been executing on our plan. It strengthened our franchise. It's increased our wallet share. We're in better position with our clients. And so, -- and we've also done a lot from an efficiency perspective in that business. And so, I feel very good about how that business has progressed since we laid out our plan on Investor Day in 2019, and I expect we'll continue to perform well as we move forward from here.
David Solomon: Okay. Thank you, Kian. A couple of comments I would make. You referenced the ratio without taking account of the provisions. And you're correct, that's roughly flat at 30% year-over-year. However, we look at paying out compensation on the basis of revenues net of provisions. These provisions are real. And that's the basis on which we set our compensation ratio. And 30% is more than 200 basis points lower than it was last year. It's also the lowest comp ratio in our history. So, we continue to drive that down, drive efficiency on behalf of our clients. You made some reference to changes in headcount. I mean something I would offer you up just by way of a perspective. If you look at the roughly 3,400 incremental heads that we have on headcount on a year-over-year basis, approximately 90% of those heads were located in strategic locations of the firm. Only 10% of those heads in hub locations like New York, London, Hong Kong. So, there's a lot of things going on as we continue to evolve the complexion of our employee base and grow the firm. And as a matter of efficiency and strategic priority in terms of sourcing talent and sort of redundancies around the world, we're very deliberately growing headcount in different places. And obviously, as you can appreciate, the expense associated with headcount varies very much by location. So, that may help you with your numbers.
David Solomon: Look, so I think as we think about non-compensation expense on the forward and taking all of it in totality and again, all within the framework of our efficiency ratio, our return targets, et cetera, where we sit today, we don't see taking our operating expenses up materially from where they are right now. There will be puts and takes within the portfolio of expenses. And as is an item of consistent focus for the market and certainly for us, one area that you should expect us to continue to invest in is across technology and engineering expense. That number for us this past year was between $4.5 billion and $5 billion, and that's a number that you should see us to continue to invest in. But across the balance of the portfolio, we'll make adjustments based on the environment.
David Solomon: Yes. So, Devin, I appreciate it. And my message here is going to be relatively consistent. We have these areas of the firm, in particular, asset management, wealth management and digital consumer banking platform, where we see real opportunity to expand and grow Goldman Sachs franchise, real opportunity to ultimately diversify the earnings mix and make the firm more durable, more diversified and drive higher returns. In that context, if there are opportunities to accelerate that plan and add on to those businesses or accelerate the growth of those businesses, we'll certainly consider them. But we always consider them with discipline. The lens through which we never think about doing something that was significant or transformative would be extremely high. But you saw this year, we had an opportunity in Asset Management business through NN to really strengthen our position in Europe, open up some additional distribution channels. And we think we made a very smart move in that. So, that's the lens that we're looking at. Are there ways to accelerate some of the growth and the diversification of the firm that are appropriate? When you get to some of the growthy fintech stuff, I think it gets more complicated. What was interesting about GreenSky to us was the merchant network. We were thinking about how we were going to build a merchant network, and we thought it would take a very long time, and this allowed us to build -- to acquire a merchant network at what we thought was a very attractive price, very attractive merchant network. And so, we decided that that was an appropriate way to accelerate that strategy. And so, that's the lens that we're going to look through as we continue to think about ways that we can execute on the strategy that we laid out in Investor Day.
David Solomon: So, on the first part of the question, we're very happy with the progress we're making. But again, and I've said this repeatedly, this is something we're building for the long term that we think could be a very, very big business for the firm. We're building it with a lens that we set out return targets for the business, and we're making these investments knowing that we're hugely committed to meet our return targets and move our return targets forward. And this is going to take some time, but we feel like the progress is good. As we said on the call already today, we've grown to 10 million customers. We're expanding the product offering. We have plans to continue to broaden what we're doing, and we feel very, very good about it. I don't think the strategy -- we're very, very clear on what we're doing and how we're doing it. In the short term, I don't expect to get a lot of -- for us to get a lot of credit for it, but we're doing the right thing for the long term for Goldman Sachs and our broad franchise, and we feel very good about the progress that we're making.
David Solomon: So, I'll start broadly and Denis will make comment on fourth quarter equities. But again, I'll take you back. We've built our Global Markets business as a client franchise. And that's been something we've been very, very focused on over the last couple of years. As you appropriately point out, Dan, we've materially moved our position with many clients, in a very, very meaningful way. I think there's still upside for us from a wallet and share perspective, looking at the broad client base. But as we look at it going forward, we'll take more sustainable share from what opportunity the market presents. And that's the nature of that business. I think we've shown over a long period of time that we're very, very good at adapting and capturing the upside that exists in that business, but we do it now from a stronger position of strength, both in terms of the nature of our client franchise, the relationships we have with our clients and also the efficiencies we have in that business. And so, we're going to continue to focus on that, and we'll see what environment is put forward as we move forward. But my guess is that this business will continue to be a very large business and probably a more consistent business than the general narrative around the business when you go back and look at it over the course of the last 10 years.
David Solomon: Yes. And also just the only other thing I'd highlight, Dan, on that, just to put it in perspective, our -- and I know everybody wants to focus on the quarter, and that's obviously appropriate, but the markets business was up 4% year-over-year. And when we started the year, nobody believed that the market's business could be up from last year, given the activity level last year and last year's set. So, I think there's some structural things that have gone on that have improved the opportunity for all the participants in that business. I'm not saying it's going to level out at the level it's been in the last two years. But I do think we've sometimes got to step out of the quarter and think about what's going on in bigger bites of time, especially in that business.
David Solomon: I think there's a component of that. I mean, I wouldn't -- I'd say there's a component -- where the component of that is most evident is that there is real wage inflation everywhere in the economy, everywhere. And if you talk to any CEO -- and most CEOs obviously run different employee bases than we do, but still at Goldman Sachs, when you look at our 45,000 people around the world, the vast majority of those 45,000 people fall into what you call a more traditional corporate compensation model. And I think there definitely was -- coming out of last year after we went through the compensation process, there were definitely places where I think with hindsight and with the constantly evolving environment of COVID and supply changes, the monetary and fiscal policy environment, what they did to savings rates, et cetera, where there was a real base pressure on what I'd call base kind of compensation and wage levels. And so, that's a component of it, for sure. There's also -- and I think it's got to be put -- when people are looking at it, especially in the fourth quarter, when they're looking at the comp numbers in the fourth quarter and people are doing their modeling, we told everyone that we were going to try to do better at really estimating on a quarter-to-quarter basis where the compensation levels needed to be. And last year, for example, through three quarters, our comp ratio was 36% through three quarters, and then we wound up going to 32% for the year, which made us, I think, don't hold me to this exactly, approximately 24% in the fourth quarter last year. If we had been this year, we obviously moved more aggressively through the year, we were at 31% through three quarters. If we were at 36% like we were last year, the comp ratio in the fourth quarter would have been 7%, and then people would have seen that differently. So, again, we're thinking about the year. We're trying to do what's right for the year all through the lens of our strategy to deliver the appropriate sort of returns in any environment over time. But I think I think the question is right, Matt, that there was a component of a reset given the macro environment that I think is affecting business everywhere. And I think we've done a good job kind of addressing that and taking care of that this year. And so, that's part of our base going forward.
David Solomon: Yes. So, thanks for the question, Gerard. And again, this goes back to the One Goldman Sachs strategy and some things we laid out in a very clear fashion a couple of years ago about the way we wanted to evolve the firm. And while there have been parts of our organization, particularly the Investment Banking franchise that have always been extremely client-centric, we didn't feel like in our markets business, we were focused enough on the quality of those relationships. We weren't metricing. And I know a lot of this is going to sound like very basic stuff. We weren't metricing and targeting it appropriately. And there's a lot that we have learned as an organization over time that we thought could apply to the Global Markets business and really improve our position. The move from 51 to I think it's 71 or 72, 72 right now, comes from the execution over the last two years of that strategy. We are actively taking feedback and looking at metrics on our performance against this client base. The feedback is very, very strong from our clients that they see a change in the way we're interacting with them, and that's benefiting our wallet share. I think there's still some upside in that. Moving -- if you're not top 3 from -- with more than 51 of them and now you go to 71, your top 3, well, for some of them, you're number 3, you can still be number2 or number1. And we think the base number of 72 can be higher. You're not going to get to be top 3 with all 100, but we think it can be higher than 72. So, we do think there's still some more upside in that if we continue to execute on a very client-centric strategy. If clients have a good experience with us, if they feel like we're taking their long-term interest at heart in every interaction and everything we do, it improves our activity with them. To the latter part of your question, I do think in any environment, we have a more sustainable franchise, and we will benefit from that. And so, I think we'll continue to benefit from that investment, but more work to do for sure.
David Solomon: I appreciate the question, Jim. I mean, we absolutely feel we feel just as good about them today as when we decided to do them. I think what I can report is whenever you do something like this, you start planning integration. And we have integration teams on both deals, and the work that we're doing to prepare for integration as these deals come to close is going very well and in sync with what we expected in some places, some upside to what we expected. That said, these are medium to longer term acquisitions. In the short term, there's expense pressure and things that come through the P&L, which obviously we're accounting for as we talk about our return targets. But we feel very good about the medium and longer term contribution that these will make, just as I said earlier, to strengthen and bolster and accelerate these franchises.
