David A. Viniar: Guy, that's the -- that's one of the most critical questions and very difficult one to answer. We've all been doing this for a long time and we've seen downturns before. Every time you're in one, it feels like it's never going end and that the world is different now. I wouldn't say, for example, that the environment feels worse than it felt in the fall of 2008 or necessarily after the tech bubble burst, or necessarily after the fall of 1998. So is it cyclical? Is it secular? That's a very difficult question to answer. As you saw, we try to be very disciplined on expenses. We cut headcount last year. We will continue to review the environment as we go forward. We'll continue to see where regulation openly comes out and what it will mean for the opportunities. And we'll try and balance exactly the things you said, the strength of the franchise and the global opportunity set with the current environment, and make sure we're sized appropriately. There's no scientific answer to it, though.
David A. Viniar: Well, again, it's a little early to tell, largely because the opportunity set just isn't that great because of the macro uncertainties. Most of our clients are still very much in a wait-and-see mode, but we're starting to see some glimmers of opportunities. We're starting to see some assets being sold from troubled institutions. We're also starting to see a little bit less competition in the few transactions that are out there. So from a competitive position, it actually feels pretty good.
David A. Viniar: Well, I mean, if you take as a given, like an hour of caveats, of it only being the first 2 weeks, of it being early, if things can change, I can go on and on and on, it's not a high bar. But first 2 weeks of January certainly feel a lot better than the December and November period.
David A. Viniar: Yes. Again, with a lot of caveats, rules not done, lots of estimates, all of that, if we did it at the end of the fourth quarter, it would be a little bit under 8%. And if we roll forward taking just the consensus estimates, which you guys do, and just passive roll-off of some of the correlation and other structure credit, you get to, by the end of 2013, a little bit below 11%.
David A. Viniar: We put in what we want to do for CCAR and if that tells us yes or no. I don't think you should expect that it will be a long-term sustainable way we do things of buying back more than earnings. I don't think you should expect that to happen a lot going forward.
David A. Viniar: Obviously, we'd rather have lower funding cost than higher funding cost. But as you also know, we've talked about it, we don't do a lot of characterizing. I mean, that's not where we make money. So while certainly, we're not happy with higher funding costs, it really has a more marginal impact on our returns because of the way we think about doing transactions. And I think we are -- we would -- we're, as you know, very conservative, and we'd probably continue funding at higher rates for quite a while if rates stay there.
David A. Viniar: Boy. I'd say a tiny bit better, largely because of exactly what you mentioned. The LTRO showed a willingness to certainly, at least, make sure the banks are on solid footing. And a lot of work still to be done with the sovereign, so I'd say a tiny bit better.
David A. Viniar: So severance costs were -- for the full year, they were around $250 million, and for the fourth quarter, only around $50 million. So it wasn't that big -- it's why we didn't talk about it separately. It's just part of our comp expense. And as far as headcount reductions, it's really across-the-board, pretty much across the pyramid of the firm.
David A. Viniar: We achieved most of it. There's a small amount left to go in 2012, but most of it was done by the end of 2011.
David A. Viniar: On your first question, I think active mitigation can bring the 11% higher. I'm not sure I can answer the question yet how meaningfully. We're still doing work on that. As far as how we're charging the debt, that's a little bit of a complicated question. And we're working through that now, and it -- there's no one-size-fits-all yet. And we have to be careful. As you know, Basel III does not kick in for quite a while. And quite a bit of what we do is very short dated. And so we don't want to charge debts on a Basel III basis, have them turn down profitable opportunities that would be long gone from our balance sheet, long before Basel III ever kicks in. So we're really taking into consideration the tenure of what we do and trying to figure out what capital regime we're going to be under. And it's still, I would say, we're going through a transition process here.
David A. Viniar: I think, in some ways, that's an easy question. I rank the top line growth as numbers 1 through 10, and then we can talk about everything else afterwards. And so, yes, we're going to be prudent in managing our capital. Yes, we're going to be prudent in managing our expenses, but our ROE growth is going to largely be driven by growing our revenues, expanding our footprint, expanding our client base and growing the firm. But we're not -- as I said in my remarks, we're not going to cut away the prosperity, but we will try and size the firm appropriately for the environment.
David A. Viniar: Okay. So it's still something that we're considering. We're looking at the accounting treatment for just, what I would call, a portion of the relationship long commitments. As you mentioned, it won't affect the current submission of CCAR at all, but it is -- the consideration is being driven by the more owners capital treatment for the fact that the same assets held on mark-to-market versus a held-for-investment basis are different. I mean, it's much more onerous for mark-to-market. So that's what driving even our consideration. You should know, and I will use this word, we are still fanatical believers in mark-to-market. Substantially, all of our assets today are mark-to-market. Our risk is managed on a mark-to-market basis. And whatever we conclude on, what I'll call, a very small portion of assets, just relationship lending, those statements will still be true. Substantially, all of our assets will be mark-to-market, and we will manage all of our risk on a mark-to-market basis. So nothing will change there.
David A. Viniar: Look, Howard, that's, again, a very hard question to answer. As you know, the rule is written with 1,000 questions. So there's a lot that has to change before the rule is done. We want to make sure that the market-making rules are not written in such a way that they make it so onerous to -- for us, and not just us, but for all the firms, to continue our market-making function and that liquidity in the markets dries up and it hurts the growth in the capital markets. It hurts overall growth. It hurts our clients. It hurts liquidity. It cost more to do business that the compliance regime is so onerous, and those costs have to be passed on. We just -- we want to make sure that nothing prevents free flow of capital and the growth of the U.S. capital markets.
David A. Viniar: I guess, what I would say is just given the environment, we've moderated our pace of investment, but we're still investing. We continue to think that the growth markets are going to be a great place of growth for Goldman Sachs. As I said before, it's growth which is going to drive our ROE. While, clearly, it's not going to be a straight line up. We continue to -- we've talked before about that most important thing for us is growth in GDP, and we think the GDP growth in the growth markets is going to be stronger than the developed markets. That's not to say we're not investing in places like the United States. We are. But we're going to invest faster in the growth markets. But in this environment, a more moderated pace.
David A. Viniar: Well, again, it's going to be a hard number to track. That assumed no change in compensation. Obviously, it was a big change in compensation in 2011 as well. So obviously, expenses are down even more than that when you add in compensation, so that's going to be a big driver as well. But from a comp flat basis, that $1.4 billion is going to be there. What goes from there, we'll just have to wait and see.
David A. Viniar: Right. So on the first part, on the competitive situation, yes, we are seeing the effects of some of our competitors pulling away. But it's still very muted because there just aren't that many opportunities yet. And so have we seen change in pricing? I would say, even towards the end of last year, we saw a couple of blocked trades where I would tell you the pricing was a lot more reasonable than what you usually see in December when people are buying market share. But it was not enough examples for me to tell you pricing has changed. It was a couple of examples, but that's all that was out there. So the data points -- it was all the data points there were, but there weren't enough of them for me to reach a conclusion that pricing has changed. So that's kind of where that is. As far as trends and structural growth, again, things are so muted, have been so muted over the last half of last year that it's very hard to pick those out. I think when the world gets better, I think we'll probably see some of the things you're talking about. But it's hard to tell right now.
David A. Viniar: Our European exposure continues to be quite low. For the -- our total credit exposure for the 5 periphery countries on, what we'll call, a gross-funded basis with gross funded being total exposure less only U.S. Treasury and cash collateral that we hold. So that's the only offset. It's about -- total, about $3.9 billion as of year end. And net basis, which includes offsets for CDS hedges, only where the CDS is collateralized and only where the CDS is not from a bank in the same country it's hedging, then you get down to about $2.3 billion. So our exposure there continues to be extremely modest.
David A. Viniar: Oh, I'm sorry, the tax rate. No. There's nothing particular there. Obviously, earnings were lower. The mix led to lower tax rate. I would not expect a 28% tax rate next year. I expect to see more in the -- more on the low 30s as it's been.
David A. Viniar: Sure. Look, I would tell you, and this is something that I've spoken with many of you about over the last year or so, I would call this normal progression at Goldman Sachs. As you know, fewer than normal partners have retired over the last 4 years. That was especially true at the senior ranks. I mean, people at Goldman Sachs are -- have been very loyal. And through both, what I call, a financial crisis and reputational issues, the senior people of Goldman Sachs did not leave. The normal tenure, average tenure of a partner in Goldman Sachs, as a partner, is about 8 years. You tend to find 15% to 20% of the partnership turning over every 2 years. It's been like that almost through our history, and you saw far less than that turning over, over the last 4 years. And I think what you're seeing now, as I said, normal progression. David Heller and Ed Eisler, the 2 co-heads of Securities Division, who both announced their retirement, are 2 fantastic people. They are as good as any 2 people in the industry, but we have equally good people behind them. You saw we announced that Isabelle Ealet will become a division head, and she's fantastic. And it's the natural progression of people retiring and a very, very strong bench moving up.
David A. Viniar: Look, again, very -- and please, don't read anything into what I say about 2 weeks. I mean, we're literally 2 weeks in. Yes, I think issuance volume is low, but you've seen some clients come back and being a little more willing to take risks. You've also seen a reasonable rally in the equity markets, and so I think those things have been helpful.
David A. Viniar: Well, first of all, in 2011, I would actually -- I agree with you. It's 2 different worlds. But I would say it was almost the first quarter and the last 3 quarters as opposed to the first half and the last half. And as far as 2012, I wish I had a crystal ball. As you know, I'm very hesitant to predict and never claimed to be good at predicting. We just don't know. There's still a lot of macro headwinds out there, with the biggest one being Europe. And ultimately, what ends up happening in Europe and whether that some of those sovereign issues get resolved, I think is going to drive a lot. On the flip side, as you know, since -- probably since the summer, virtually all of the U.S. macro data has been -- economic data has been a little bit better than expected. So you kind of have some outstanding factors there, and how it plays out, we're just going to have to wait and see.
David A. Viniar: I don't think there was -- has necessarily been a structural change. I think it's too early to tell if there's been a change in the environment from just 2 weeks. One of the big issue in credit was big divergence in the basis between cash and derivatives, very unusual divergence with -- made it very, very hard to manage. I expect that, that will normalize at some point. But when that point is going to be, I just don't know.
David A. Viniar: Sure. As far as the rollover of our debt, we have -- I think it's roughly $25 billion that matures this year. And we've been in a blackout period so far this year, so we haven't raised any until today. So we'll see going forward. As far as accruals, what we will do is what we've always done, which is we accrue with the comp ratio is our best estimate of where we think our comps are going to be. And then we adjust as we get to year-end when we know what it actually is. And exactly what that's going to be, I don't know yet, but that's how we'll accrue.
David A. Viniar: If we thought it was going to be lower, it would be lower accrual. But I wouldn't expect that that's necessarily going to happen.
David A. Viniar: Well, no, no, that's -- if deferred comp is flat, and then obviously, the -- and the whole amount was down 21% and part of it was not down at all, then the rest of it has to be down a lot more than 21%.
David A. Viniar: I think it's both. I think, for example, and I may have this a little wrong, but I'm not far off, I think filed IPOs are the highest they've ever been, or close to if not the highest they've ever been. And it's just a question of the markets being receptive to the deals, so a lot of that. As far as the M&A backlog, I'd say there's more a lot of dialogue and companies circling each other and talking and wanting to do things. But even on getting things announced until people pull -- are a little bit more confident, I don't think they're going to pull the trigger. So it's a combination of those 2 things.
David A. Viniar: I think there is always high competition for the best talent. Is there the same -- obviously, given the industry slowdown, is there the same level of competition for everyone? The answer is probably no. But for the best people, for the really good talent, there is a high level of competition within -- from our traditional competitors. There's a high level of competition from what you call the shadow banking industry, from other places. And there are -- it's true outside the U.S. and in the U.S.
David A. Viniar: It's the former. It was so material within the context of the whole number that we decided that should be disclosed. And before, it wasn't.
David A. Viniar: In the quarter, although there was a lot of volatility because of the basis between the hedges, as well as versus the cash positions, over the course of the quarter, the hedges had very little -- the hedges versus the marks had very little effect. It was really almost all just the day one marks.
David A. Viniar: We make our best estimate given the economic environment that is prescribed. So the thing that really causes the most volatility in earnings is the economic environment. If you give us an economic environment, if that economic environment actually happens, we can get relatively close on where we're going to come out. Obviously, there's going to be variability. It's not going to be exact. The thing that causes the variability, really, is the change in economic environment. So for a given economic environment, we make our best prediction.
David A. Viniar: Yes. If earnings were lower on that calculation, our ratio would be lower. And if earnings were higher on that calculation, our ratio would be higher.
David A. Viniar: As I mentioned, we -- both the fed gives us certain economic environments, both in a base and a stress case. We also have our own based on conversations with our economists. We come up with our own economic scenario. We then do a very detailed analysis going business by business and what we think our results will be given those economic scenarios, and that's what we submit.
David A. Viniar: Well, they gave -- they have economic scenarios as well. So there's ours and their economic scenario. And based on those, we put in submissions on both.
David A. Viniar: Okay. I think that the market-making function that we and others perform is a very, very valuable function for our mutual fund, hedge fund, corporate, et cetera, clients to be able to access markets as quickly as they want to, to be able to get prices on things they want to buy and sell very, very quickly when they want to do it. I think that the ability to do that directly is going to be hard. I think people would have to be set up in a way that they're not set up now to execute at a speed that they're not set up to execute and to have a liquidity that they don't have right now. So I think that the function that we and others perform in providing that liquidity market is going to remain a very valuable function.
David A. Viniar: So look, it's a little hard because of certain factors. So for example, our Asia revenues, as a percentage, were much higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter, but that's partially because ICBC was up nearly $400 million in the third quarter and down $1 billion -- no, I'm sorry, in the fourth quarter and down $1 billion in the third quarter. So that really accounted for most of the change. As far as kind of a trend, I would expect that -- we've been running for the last few years between 50% and 60% in the U.S. and between 40% and 50% outside U.S. with variability around that, largely because of things that I just talked about, I would expect that to trend more towards 50% in the U.S. or maybe even less and the rest outside U.S.
David A. Viniar: I think we'll trend towards a little less than 50% in the U.S. and a little more than 50% outside the U.S.
David A. Viniar: It largely didn't matter. Our spreads were pretty flat quarter-over-quarter. So with or without hedging, it was pretty much -- the whole amount was about $20 million. So it didn't really matter.
David A. Viniar: Mike, I missed the beginning of what you said. We've had the best -- I didn't hear what you say is the best something in a few decades. I didn't hear what you said.
David A. Viniar: Well, yes. I actually think that was largely structural. There was just a lot of cash available for loans. And so I think people took advantage of that. I don't necessarily think that's going to be a trend.
David A. Viniar: You and I have talked a little bit about this before, Mike. It's a very hard question, and it's not a science. We sit here with our stock price where it is. And as I said to you, I am relatively certain that at some point in the future, we're going to wish we bought back a lot more stock at this price. Yet the flip side is it's a very tough environment, and in a tough environment, we tend to be very conservative and want to hoard cash and hoard capital. And so we make the -- those 2 things you mentioned are offsetting thoughts that we have, and we just try and make the best decision we can in the environment.
David A. Viniar: I never make -- I shouldn't use never. I don't like to use the word never. I don't make statements that bold, and I couldn't say that. I think that we are clearly in a cyclical downturn. There is less activity. That is cyclical. That will come back. I have no idea when, but it will come back. Over time, there have always been secular changes in our business, and I think we'll go through some secular changes now in how we deliver our services. I think the services that our clients want that -- you've heard us talk about this. The advice, the capital, the liquidity, the risk management, the asset management, I think those services are still going to be the same services. I think there will be a cyclically higher demand for those services than there is now, and there might be some secular change in how those services have to be provided. And our job is to make sure that we're able to provide them in the way that we'll be able to and will be required going forward.
David A. Viniar: No, it would be a combination of changes in capital requirements and changes in what we view as the opportunity set going forward. So that's why I can't give you the number now.
David A. Viniar: Well, we read in the paper that it was going to be 150 basis points. We don't know any more that than what we read in the paper.
David A. Viniar: So if you remember, at the end of third quarter, I told everybody that you should expect our VaR to be higher in the fourth quarter because volatility was already up and our ending VaR was higher than it was in the third quarter. So we knew that this was going to happen because volatility was so much higher.
Glenn Schorr: So you won the buying back $6 billion of stock in the year, but net earnings pre the preferred dividend was $4.4 billion. How does that work -- and that doesn't include the Berkshire preferred buybacks. So just curious how that factors into CCAR and understanding the huge volatility that can happen in earnings for you guys.
Glenn Schorr: Okay. And you had mentioned the current year comp was down significantly more than the revenues, even though total comp wasn't. Is there any...
Glenn Schorr: Is the prior period deferred becoming a larger piece of the GAAP number? And is there any point where that becomes a bigger issue? In other words, you're constantly buying back to dig out of the previous hole. It's something that I've seen at some other.
Fiona Swaffield: But just to check on that last thing. So if you did think that you knew that x of the $1.4 billion is coming through lower, say, fixed cost, then we could see that in a lower comp ratio accrual.
Fiona Swaffield: And can I just clarify? I think I may have misunderstood. But I think that you said that the comp -- the variable compensation under your control is down more than the revenues, so down more than 26, yet I think you said deferred was flat. I'm trying to work out the moving parts, but I -- maybe I misunderstood.
Fiona Swaffield: So what would the other -- if deferred is flat, so i.e. fixed salaries are up a lot, so maybe it's something to do with severance? Is that the moving...
Betsy Graseck: A couple of questions. One, kind of housekeeping issue, but it's on the Investing & Lending segment. So the debt marks had the impact of a hedge. And I guess I just wanted to understand how much the hedge impacted the debt section of the I&L both this quarter and last quarter.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just on capital return. I know you mentioned that you submitted your request. One of the things that I've said looks at is sustainability, predictability of earnings. So I guess, I’m just wondering how you present that to -- how you present your capital request to the fed, given the volatility that we're seeing in the industry right now. Do you just kind of shoot for the low end of the range, or you're just very conservative in your outlook for earnings? I'm just trying to understand how you think through that.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then you mentioned that you've got expectations for common Tier 1 under Basel III going to just under 11% by the end of 2013, which is based, in part, on estimates, right, consensus estimates.
Betsy Graseck: So to the degree economic environment is still why the consensus estimates comes down and we should expect that you're going to be hitting a lower number than that sub-11% by the end of 2013.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Because I think in the past, you had said sub-10%. And just wondering if you're still there or not.
Michael Mayo: Yes, the loan syndication activity for the industry in 2011 was some of the highest you've seen in about 20 or 21 years.
Michael Mayo: And then lastly, your revenue weakness recently. Are you saying none of that is due to secular factors? It's all cyclical. There's no structural changes that's hurting your revenues.
Michael Mayo: And would the sole adjustment to that ROE target be based on the capital? So if you have to hold 1/4 more capital then your ROE would go from 20% down to 15%.
