David Solomon: Thanks, Carey. Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us this morning. There's no question the first quarter was extremely volatile. Russia invaded Ukraine, inflation rose across the globe, and we saw an accelerating trend towards de-globalization. In recent decades, we've grown used to low inflation, low interest rates and the free flow of people and goods across national borders. I believe we're entering a period that won't be -- that won't be the case and the consequences for financial markets will be meaningful. Although, much remains uncertain, I'm proud that Goldman Sachs effectively supported its clients in this type of environment. This is a testament to the progress we've made to center our strategy around clients. At a time of great volatility it was clear, our clients needed help managing their risk, and they turn to us for our expertise in navigating this changing landscape. The recent turbulence is nothing to change our firm's client-oriented strategy. In fact, it makes it all the more imperative. We are building a more resilient, diversified franchise that can generate solid returns even in more uncertain markets. In February, I laid out our revised medium-term return targets. I'm very proud that even with the headwinds we faced; our results this quarter meet those objectives. We are also well positioned to achieve the targets we laid out for our growth initiatives across asset management, wealth management, transaction banking and consumer. In some areas, we have accelerated our progress with the acquisitions, including GreenSky, which closed in late March; and NNIP, which closed earlier this week. I'm thrilled to be welcoming these great businesses to Goldman Sachs. For the quarter, we produced net revenues of $12.9 billion, generated earnings per share of $10.76, an ROE of 15% and an ROTE of 15.8%. As I noted, the evolving market backdrop had a significant effect on client activity. This meant that some parts of our firm faced significant headwinds, like equity capital markets, where issuance volumes were lackluster for the quarter. On the other hand, Global Markets had a strong quarter, as this environment allowed us to support clients in the risk intermediation and financing needs. And in line with our strategy, several of our growth areas continue to reflect durability despite the difficult environment. For example, we saw solid management and other fees across asset management, wealth management, as well as revenue growth in our consumer business. But there's no question that the most significant event of the first quarter was the invasion of Ukraine. As I've said before, we condemn the invasion in the strongest possible terms, and our hearts go out to the Ukrainian people. This act of aggression demands a response that Goldman Sachs is committed to doing its part. Early on, we took action to ensure the well-being of our people and to begin winding down our firm's operations in Russia. That process is ongoing. Let me also say a few words on our direct financial exposure to Russia. Our positions were relatively limited, but we've been focused on closing them out and reducing our exposure. The overall direct financial impact from Russia and Ukraine related instruments on our first quarter revenues was a net loss of approximately $300 million. Our risk mitigation efforts would not have been possible without the close collaboration of our people around the globe on both the business and the control side of our firm. Our risk management culture is a true differentiator for us, and we continue to navigate - as we continue to navigate this volatile environment. More broadly, the Russian invasion has further complicated the geopolitical landscape and created an additional level of uncertainty that I expect will outlast the war itself. While it is encouraging to see a newfound unity among the Western democracies, the trend towards deglobalization is clearly gaining momentum. The consequences of that shift are likely to be significant and long lasting, and I believe it will take some time to fully appreciate all the second and third [order] (ph) ramifications. Beyond geopolitics, I'm keeping a close eye on several other trends. While US unemployment levels are low and wages are increasing, inflation is the highest it's been in decades. We're seeing new stress on supply chain and commodity prices and US households are facing rising gas prices as well as higher prices for food and housing. We've also seen an increased risk of stagflation and mixed signals on consumer confidence. These cross currents will certainly create ongoing complexity in the economic outlook, but whatever the future holds, I believe Goldman Sachs is well positioned. We continue to make progress on our growth strategy and our commitments to clients a strong -- our commitment to clients is stronger than ever. I'll now turn it over to Denis to cover our financial results for the quarter in more detail.
David Solomon: Sure, Glenn, it's David. And I'll jump in here. I would say that there are a variety of secular tailwinds that are still driving lots of institutional capital on a global basis towards broad alternatives platforms. I think despite the volatility that exists in markets, those trends continue to be in place. And I think you'll continue to see secular growth in the amount of capital, institutional capital that's allocated to alternatives platforms for quite some time. In the context of that, I think we and others do have big broad multi-product, global platforms that are well-positioned. And so while the pace of fundraising might ebb and flow a little bit from peaks, I think the general secular trend is still in place in this volatility. I don't think in the short run will affect that. With respect to monetizations and values, there is no question that we've gone through a period of time where the macro backdrop certainly created an acceleration of that. There were a variety of factors that I think were more short-term than amplified that. And I think we've commented in the past about the fact that we did not think that was levels of activity were sustainable. However, even in an environment like this, when you have a broad diversified portfolio of assets, and there are certainly lots of areas where there's real growth in the economy, and the economy is still growing very well, the opportunity to see monetizations, to see transactions, I think, continues just probably not at the same pace and velocity as we saw in 2020 and 2021.
David Solomon: Well, I mean, I -- always is a definitive word. We never say always to anything because there certainly could be environments that we do not foresee that could produce the distribution of outcomes, a very skewed outcome in one direction or the other. I do think that this leadership team over the last almost four years has made significant investments in our business and that has allowed us to grow our business, and that has allowed us to better plan in our business given some of the investments and planning process we made that hopefully, over time, will give the market more confidence in the durability of these returns. I think we're well-positioned. In February, we laid out these medium-term targets. We do not lay out targets lightly. So I would never comment on what could happen in any given quarter, Christian, but I think we have a larger more durable business, and I think we're going to continue to add to that durability as we move forward, and we're very committed to executing on that strategy.
David Solomon: So I mean, I comment from a macro perspective on a couple of things with respect to that. And I'm not smart enough to know what good volatility or bad volatility is. We're more focused on serving our clients and ensuring that we have the highest market share available with those clients as they position their portfolios that they transact. Intermediation is a big business. I think it's always going to be a big business. That doesn't mean that it can't ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter. But I think that one way to frame this is that the size of the available intermediation activity that's out there for firms like ourselves that play a big role in this is bigger today than it was five years ago, going back pre-pandemic. And in addition, based on investments we've made both in the client centricity and the approach we're taking and in technology, our market shares are larger, and we think those market share gains are durable. I'd also highlight that we've been -- and we've been very clear with you on this, building our financing capability for those clients and one of the things about that business now is a larger proportion of it is financing revenue and that financing revenue is more durable. So I feel good about the way the business is positioned. I won't speculate on what every quarter will look like going forward. But certainly, I think, we're better positioned in this business today than we were five years ago. And I think that's reflected, for example, in a quarter like this and the results of the client activity we're able to accomplish.
David Solomon: So I'll start, Steve, and just say that, that activity level is still quite high and engagement from our banking clients is still quite high. There's no question that equity beta kind of turned off for the quarter. And so one of the things that happened was a bunch of equity issuance that was supposed to happen in the quarter got pushed out. That definitely is a market volatility effect. And my guess is as the market volatility settles down during the course of the year to the degree that it does, that will bring some of that issuance back into the marketplace. We've seen when you look over the course of the last 20 years, plenty of periods of time where there are quarters where you have very, very low equity issuance, it's been very rare that, that continues for a year or a longer period and that doesn't mean that, that couldn't happen, but certainly that would be expected given the history. As businesses need capital, they need to make investments at a time as prices reset or values reset, people need some time to absorb those changes versus their expectations. But ultimately, at the end of the day, they understand the reality and they move forward. I don't see a significant change in kind of strategic dialogue. I would say if the world got materially worse and materially more volatile given some of the geopolitical stuff that was going on, that certainly would have the potential to slow down some of the strategic activity and dialogue, but at the moment that activity level and certainly the engagement remains quite good, quite robust. But we watch it very, very closely. I would note that I think it's important to just recognize and we said this at the year-end, at year-end on the year-end call that the activity levels that we saw in 2021 in the banking business, nobody expected those to be normalized levels. So I'd certainly describe a little bit of what we're seeing as a normalization. And I think first quarter overall activity, there's some normalization of that, although, I think equity is well below what I would call a normalized trend.
David Solomon: So, Mike, I don't -- it's – and I know I just used it myself, I use the term normalization. We're talking about the equity capital markets business. It's very easy for me to look at equity capital markets revenues for the quarter and say, that's not a normalized run rate level for that business. I would also tell you that the equity capital markets revenues in the first quarter of 2021 was not a normal level for the business.  When you talk about the broad corporate investment banking business and the capital markets activity across both investment banking and end markets, again, I would amplify I don't have a crystal ball, I can't tell you exactly where it's going to settle out, but I think these are good businesses, where we have a high degree of confidence that through market cycles, we can produce very nice returns in these businesses.  We think it's a very powerful ecosystem combining these two businesses together with the global scale and footprint that we have. And we expect them to continue to be big contributors to accretive returns to allow us to meet our targets broadly. Commodities was not a record. There's no question that when you look at the FICC macro business where there was really great performance, it was well diversified across rates, commodities and currencies. I mean the macro businesses certainly outperformed. But that's what I'd say to that point.  So again, I'd go back, I think these businesses are in terms of available wallet for people like ourselves that compete in them they are fundamentally bigger than they were five years ago because the market cap growth around the world and that creates a good opportunity for us in addition we continue to invest in things in those businesses, which we think strengthen our competitive position. but it's hard for me to give you a predicted normal revenue number, it's just not that kind of business.
David Solomon: Sure. I mean we -- I'll point out something that I think is an anecdotal metric, but I think it's interesting. We have 100 -- when you open the M&A lead table, which is something obviously we dominate, we have $155 billion lead for the quarter. That's the largest one quarter lead we've ever had in our history in the M&A lead table. So that's a metric that's reflective of clients coming to us. We're tracking our market shares quite closely across investment banking and also across global markets. And we've seen market share gains across both over the course of the last couple of years, and we'll continue to track them and make investments where we think we can strengthen them to make sure they're very durable.
David Solomon: So in terms of our strategy, we would expect over time that as GreenSky continues to originate, we would take those loans onto our balance sheet. We certainly would retain the flexibility to securitize some of that risk ourselves as they have previously. But the goal over time is to ramp up those balances onto our balance sheet. I think they had origination volumes of approximately $1.5 billion in the first quarter. And so, we're stepping into them based on that level of activity, and our ambition is to continue to grow the origination with them.
David Solomon: The only thing I would add to that, Devin, is I just highlight back in the February update, we put out a $4 billion revenue target. And I just want to tie that target to what Denis said when he said most of the investment was made. Most of the investment to drive that revenue target is in the ground and so that's something I want to amplify. And then just finally, because you referenced it, our partnership with Apple is very, very strong. While there's been a Bloomberg article about what Apple is doing Apple or we have -- have not commented on the direction of that partnership and we spend a lot of time, and I would just say we're very comfortable with the opportunity set in front of us with that partnership.
David Solomon: Well, as we've said always, we're a pay-for-performance culture. This is our best estimate is the right comp ratio based on the performance and the mix in the first quarter. We manage this very closely. We're comfortable that we will pay people appropriately and competitively. And we will also obviously pay for performance. So I'm not going to speculate going forward, but you have data points from our behavior set on this over a long period of time. And we obviously -- the one thing I'd just highlight is our focus on our efficiency ratio, and that's something we want to think more about is comp and noncomp and driving to the efficiency ratio. And so that also affects our decision-making as we move forward.
David Solomon: Sure and I appreciate the question, Dan. I mean I would say that we were a scale provider before that acquisition, but that acquisition certainly strengthens our position in Europe. It opens that some interesting distribution channel, and it accelerates some of our capabilities around ESG-oriented products. So, it was a good step forward to expand that growth. I believe -- Carey will correct me if I'm wrong, it's the fifth largest active asset manager in the world at the moment. We see opportunity based on our footprint, our global position, our client mix, our strong position and alternative to continue to grow that business, both organically and potentially inorganically as we did with NN, and so we're going to continue to strengthen our position there, but we see a lot of upside across the business platform and continue to be excited about our capabilities and alternatives and our ability to expand that opportunity for the firm.
David Solomon: Well, you can see from our earnings, the growth of the wealth business year-over-year. We continue to be focused on that opportunity. And I'd just highlight that that's a process that takes time. You add wealth advisers, you add footprint. It's a slower growth -- it's a slower process if you do it organically. But we see it as a very big opportunity. I think we have an aspirational brand in the wealth space. It's only been the last couple of years first with the United Capital acquisition and also to our AECO channel, we're meaningfully expanding our distribution of wealth products and corporations that we've been focused on really broadening that footprint. I think we're off to a good start there, but I think there's a lot of organic opportunity to still exist I think our Ayco channel, Goldman Sachs Ayco is a very, very unique platform to work through corporations. And I do see a trend in this competitive environment where corporations are more focused on helping our employees with Wealth Management services.
David Solomon: Yes, I think, Gerard, it's a hard question to answer very specifically and some of it depends on what kind of pressure the business that's making those decisions is under. But I think if you want me to make a very generic generalization, these are not things it doesn't take a year for people's mindset around the reality of markets to reset. It's more something that happens real time over months or quarters.
David Solomon: Well, there's no question that -- and I've tried to say it in different ways, and there's no science to this. And no one knows obviously, where the macro environment goes as we go forward. But when you look at the volumes and the levels of 2020 and 2021, we've said repeatedly that those volumes were at levels that were not sustainable and are a reflection of some of that monetary fiscal policy. That doesn't mean when you contract the monetary and fiscal policy that these businesses go away and contract proportionately. I think these are big businesses. There’s a lot of capital raising advisory work and intermediation and financing that will continue to go on. But there's no question, it's not going to operate at the levels that we saw in 2021.
David Solomon: Sure. Thank you for the question and to help through that. I think there's a couple of thing that we expect over the balance of the year and beyond as we move through this rate cycle. On the one hand, we do expect to continue to originate balances and as it relates to our own balance sheet sensitivity, that is modestly asset sensitive. So when you take that feature combined with increased quantum of interest-earning assets given the forward curve, we think that will be a benefit to the firm. The other thing that I should mention, which is separate, but probably also important just to be clear on and that is, in the past, we had made reference to the impact of a rising rate environment on our money markets business and the impact that fee waivers had and the roll-off of fee waivers may have on the forward. I would just point out that in the first quarter, we had fee waivers of about $80 million versus in the fourth quarter was about $150 million. And on the forward, we expect those to be negligible. So, that too, obviously only a one-time benefit with the first hike, but that should provide some tailwind to our results as well.
David Solomon: Yeah. Look, I think I would just refocus you on my comments previously. Overall, NII sensitivity is modestly asset sensitive, I think, just given the relative size, even though we've grown it substantially, given our relative size, relative to some of our larger competitors. And I think that proxy that I offer you on behalf of the firm is a good way of thinking about it.
David Solomon: Well, at a high level, Andrew, what I'd say is we're certainly engaged with our clients around their interest in the space. But in terms of our product offering and what we can do, we're really following a regulatory lead. But at the moment, the regulatory lead for big regulated banks is very restrictive and very, very small. I don't have great insight into how that will or will not change during the course of 2022, but we're engaged in dialogue with our clients. And certainly, when you think about blockchain more broadly in terms of how it supports the infrastructure, payment systems and other activities in the financial markets, we're extremely engaged and invested in thinking about how Goldman Sachs participates in that and how that will affect different business channels and business opportunities because that's to me a little bit separate from cryptocurrency -- clients' interest in cryptocurrency.
Denis Coleman: So Glenn, it's Denis. Thank you. Thank you for the question. Obviously, our results in the quarter in terms of RoTE of 15.8% and ROE was 15%. Our medium-term targets that you referenced were to be achieved by 2024. So we're really pleased with the performance in this quarter. As it relates to SCB, for us, it continues to be making the choices that we can with respect to investing in our business mix, creating more durable and predictable revenue streams, and then also continuing to migrate down our on-balance sheet equity position. So I think our commitment to the strategy remains intact. We have, obviously, submitted our CCAR submission, and we await response from the Federal Reserve. And we will continue to focus on driving those aspects of our business that we can, all of which we hope will contribute to an SCB that is lower and reflects our business mix.
Denis Coleman: Sure, Steven. Thank you for the question. As it relates to our build of capital over the course of the quarter, that was deliberate. We knew that at the beginning of the second quarter that we would have to pay for the NNIP acquisition. And so we had -- we've grown our capital over the course of the first quarter. We also were very disciplined on RWA growth. Our growth was $5 billion on a quarter-over-quarter basis. So we were able to deliver types of results that David just made reference to across our big businesses while maintaining a discipline with respect to RWA growth so that also contributed to the improvement. Now as it relates to our outlook, we've been reasonably clear that our first priority in terms of driving long-term results for shareholders and supporting clients is to deploy capital into accretive client opportunities. And once again, you would see in the first quarter with the Global Markets segment ROE north of 25% and firm line ROE at 15%, there certainly were attractive client deployment opportunities, and we prioritized that. We remain focused on sustainably growing a dividend. And then obviously, to the extent the opportunities to support clients or the market environment shifts, obviously, we'd look to return that capital back to shareholders. I would say from where I sit right now, looking at the second quarter, my expectation on buybacks is to be reasonably consistent with the first quarter, but we do expect to remain nimble. And to the extent that the opportunity set with clients is less attractive and you make reference to the then prevailing share price, that's obviously something that we'll consider.
Denis Coleman: Hi, Betsy. Thank you very much for the question. Look, we've been very focused on growing these businesses and whether it be loan growth across the consumer platform in terms of installment loan business or the cards businesses or now with the acquisition of GreenSky, or whether it be across private wealth channels or even across our FICC financing businesses, we have a strategic objective to continue to grow those businesses in a credit sensitive fashion. And in terms of thinking about the impact and how to think about that through the P&L, you'll see that in the first quarter, we did raise our provisions for credit losses. They were at 561 versus 344 and a primary driver of that was our growth in loan activity. So that's something that we expect across these businesses as we grow them. We expect as we grow the portfolio of GreenSky that will also continue to provision. So it remains focused for the firm. We're looking at across multiple channels and trying to keep in mind sort of underwriting credit quality as we do so.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Fair enough. And that's a question we're very, very focused on. I mean, in terms of looking at the portfolio and its performance, we have not yet seen a change in the overall credit quality of our portfolios. We remain very mindful of that, given some of the headwinds that are on the forward, but if you look at metrics like our charge-offs in the first quarter, they were $154 million, net charge-off rate of 0.4% unchanged quarter-over-quarter.  And as we think about growing these particular businesses, underwriting standards and the credit box remain top of mind as we continue to grow. And to the extent we see indications significantly slowing rates in terms of payments or the percentage of people making their minimum payments that are indications of future credit deterioration, that will be a signal for us and we can obviously take risk mitigating actions in the forward as a result.
Denis Coleman: Fair enough. You're right to observe that we have not increased our market savings rate. Look, in terms of how we're thinking about the deposit betas across the channels, I mean, that really -- you really need a through-the-cycle experience. We have a certain expectation for these businesses that will prove out through the cycle. This cycle will be different than previous cycles. Obviously, I would say at the very, very beginning part of the cycle, the experience is outperforming our expectations. But I think that's because we recognize that the maturity of our portfolio and our time in the business is less than some of our biggest competitors. But we remain really focused on managing that, continuing to drive deposit growth and support the other origination activities across our lending platforms.
Denis Coleman: Okay. Great. Thank you for the question. So in terms of our aspirations to build the leading global digital consumer bank, a lot of the pieces to the puzzle are in place at this point. A lot of those investments have been made, and we feel really good about the progress across the various lending and deposit platforms that we've invested in and built out. I mean to give you a sense, our active customers in the consumer space are north of $13 million now. And that number in the fourth quarter was less than $10 million. So we continue to see attractive active customer acquisition, both organically and inorganically, which is an important piece of the strategy. I think perhaps next up on the product road map will be the launch of checking. We're already piloting that internally, and we expect to launch that more broadly to our clients later this year. And that will be -- I think that will be an important piece of the product road map for us.
Denis Coleman: I'd also to highlight -- I'm sorry, Jim. I'd also just highlight that we continue to grow deposits, and deposits are important for funding. So, our bank has many activities across the firm. And obviously, we're growing our lending businesses. But this strategy also affects our market businesses positively too.
Denis Coleman: Okay. Thanks very much for the question, Andrew. I think as David indicated, from an overall framing perspective on firm-wide operating expenses, we have put out this efficiency target of approximately 60%, and that is a target and a lens through, which we look at the combined set of expenses, compensation and non-compensation. The compensation level that we set for the first quarter, obviously, our best estimate right now based on what we pay for the full year, but I could not predict for you at this point, what our full year compensation ratio will be. That will be a function of our performance, the competitive landscape and our attention to the overall efficiency level efficiency ratio. On the non-comp side we’re making decisions and taking steps to manage non-comp growth where we can make the types of investments that we think are important strategic investments for the long-term strength and growth of the firm like in areas such as technology and trying to manage other non-compensation expenses that are less strategic.
