Harvey Schwartz: I understand. That's obviously an important question, Glenn, thanks. So I think the right way to think about the Volcker compliance is, if you look at the K, we roughly had at the end of 2013, $14 billion of investments in funds. Now, we're obviously coinvested with our clients in all those funds, and those funds are not just private equity, they are private equity, real estate, debt funds, et cetera. And the important thing is really to focus on the $14 billion now. Obviously, there is a process where we can apply for extensions for two years, which basically takes us out three years in terms of compliance. But just to size it for you, I think it worth breaking down the $14 billion. And so if you start with $14 billion, you can immediately take off $2 billion, what I'll refer to as permitted investments, that brings you down to $12 billion. And then, you can take off another billion that relates to investments in fund that we're already in a process of redeeming, hedge funds and credit funds, where we have the flexibility to manage our own time path there. And so that takes you down another billion bringing you to $11 billion. Now within the $11 billion, obviously, for several quarters we've being in a harvesting mode and within the $11 billion, $2.5 billion is already public, but there maybe restrictions on sale down, et cetera. So when you add up all that math, the $14 billion at the end of last year, brings you down sub-9. And so the sub-9 is the number, we really have to manage. And again, we're investing alongside our clients in these funds.
Harvey Schwartz: So that's an important question. So we obviously submitted a plan that we thought was significantly stressful and you can see that in our year-over-year numbers. We don't -- as you know, the Federal Reserve by design has created a process that is not transparent. They've communicated that very clearly. So it's difficult for us at this stage to reconcile our results with the Federal Reserve's results. We'll obviously work with the Federal Reserve and the material they publish and we'll participate in their forums actively and we'll try and get better insights. I think an important takeaway here is, we certainly as a market participant, we're not encouraged necessarily to replicate their test. And so in the end they're regulator, we're the regulatee. And so if they see that their results are more severe than ours, it guides the process. And I think this window for modifying your capital actions, is a good part of the process, which we obviously participated in.
Harvey Schwartz: So over the last several years, as we talked about, we've been focused on a number of strategic initiatives, things like, obviously, growing our asset management business, and very focused as you know, on cost reduction and that really is strategically about building operating leverage into the business. As we've done that through this part of the cycle, we've done it with an eye on finding the right balance, and by balance I mean is, we're obviously running these businesses for years and decades. And so as we're getting more efficient in creating operating leverage, we need to make sure that we protect that franchise. And I think this quarter's results really showed that diversity and the strength that our franchise, whether you're look at investment banking, asset management et cetera. So I think we found that balance, the right balance so far. Now, if we were to get significant tailwinds and a pickup in activity, we're very confident that we would participate in that significantly. So there is a lot of operating leverage in the enterprise. And with respect to our ROE, again, on an absolute basis, it's not what we want to be able to produce for our shareholders. But on a relative basis, it looks pretty good.
Harvey Schwartz: So it's not as much about speed of rebuilding. And as you know, we've never approached capital deployment about speed. It will all be driven by opportunity set. So that's the way we think about all of our businesses. As capital will comes out of those funds, it can be redeployed and obviously can be redeployed anywhere or it can be return to the shareholders, if we don't think the opportunity set offers the best. So over time, this would be completely driven by the opportunity set.
Harvey Schwartz: It'd be impossible for me to say. Again, there will be maybe opportunities that are more driven by the real estate cycle versus others. And I don't know, my crystal ball barely works for a week. It definitely doesn't work that well for three or five years. But I wish I had one that did.
Harvey Schwartz: So as always, in this quarter, it's our best estimate for the year. And we'll evaluate it as we go through the year. And again, really the philosophy in compensation hasn't changed at Goldman Sachs since the day I got here. It's all going to be again the process driven by performance of the firm, and business units and the individuals, and obviously our management of expenses and the returns we want to provide to shareholders. But right now it's our best estimate.
Harvey Schwartz: So we've been obviously an active market participant in the dialogue. Gary Cohn, as I'm sure you saw, published an op-ed several weeks ago. Our focus on the equity market structure isn't specifically around high-frequency trading necessarily. It's really about the fact that over the last 10-years plus, the market evolution, speed of execution has just gotten ahead of the market infrastructure and the market plumbing. And so we're very focused on working with all market participants and regulators to ensure that the market infrastructure catches up with the speed. And there is other things in Gary's op-ed that I will refer you to, but that's the primary message. With respect to our own Sigma X platform, I know there has been some things in news. We have no strategic plans for Sigma X at this stage.
Harvey Schwartz: So obviously from a debt underwriting perspective, I know your question was specifically about credit, but from a debt underwriting perspective very strong quarter for us I think by any measure, breadth of transactions as I highlighted and certainly relative to opportunity in the marketplace. In terms of any one quarter and credit, I have no insight into the competitors. It's been like a reasonably solid quarter for us in credit, so there really are no major takeaways there.
Harvey Schwartz: So if I wasn't clear, let me just clarify. So the 5 wasn't that move to 4.2. The 4.2 was a reference to the proposal that just came out, which incorporates the larger denominator. And we've done, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we've done nothing to mitigate that. And as you know, our strategic philosophy on proposed rules is to engage actively in the dialogue with the regulators, but more importantly, we really won't look to mitigate until we feel like we have visibility around the final rule. Because we just don't want to mitigate things, and quite frankly do them in error. So we have done nothing to mitigate it. The reason I highlight the natural tailwind, as I refer to it, is under the Volcker Rule, the $9 billion have to come out of funds. And that is a dollar-for-dollar capital deduction. So just standing still, we would move to 4.7. But we haven't specifically begun to articulate a strategy internally to get us to 5, but this gap is not material for us at this stage to be extremely focused on it.
Harvey Schwartz: That's a great question. I think the one word that you used that, I think should resonate for the whole marketplace, not just Goldman Sachs, is this notion of constraints. And so every firm will be managing to whatever constraint they perceive. Within that really how do you fundamentally manage your capital? And at this particular stage, we're not feeling constrained. Obviously the 11.3%, Basal III ratio I referenced gives you some sense of potential excess capital. I think that this, it's an important industry discussion, because obviously for Goldman Sachs, but again the broader industry, the first priority is always about safety and soundness and adequate capital. But I do think that the flip side is there is a risk to excess capital in the system. And what we're doing is no different than we would have done in the past, if there is periods where we're running with excess capital, we're going to be patient and disciplined and wait for opportunities. And certainly we're in a position today where from a liquidity and capital perspective if there is demand from our clients, we can meet them.
Harvey Schwartz: I think if you look back over the past year, I think clearing certainly manage by the marketplace and the regulators extremely well. I know there were lot of concerns going into it, but I think the multistage launch, really I have to give everybody high marks for that. Swap execution facility is now up and running, still relatively new, so a bit early to tell, but at this stage, really no significant impact in the marketplace. And again, we'll watch it evolve and its impact with market structure, but really nothing to discern at this stage of any materiality.
Harvey Schwartz: So at this stage, Mike, as you know, several years ago, we launched the cost reduction initiatives. And so that was a series of steps, which brought us up to just under $2 billion. At this stage we're still being at the margin, very focused on costs throughout the entire system. And so the sequential decline, as you know was obviously litigation. So that's not the mover, but the focus really is about again keeping cost significantly subdued during this part of the cycle, and again at the same time positioning us for an upturn.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. As I said, at the margin, we're very focused on expenses in this part of the cycle and in areas where we can get positive results, you should see them.
Harvey Schwartz: No. There's no plans strategically to shift the size of the balance sheet in any way to get underneath some regulatory threshold. However, there is tactical things we can certainly do with the balance sheet, which I mentioned in my prepared remarks, which gives us some flexibility. And I think, for example, for any market participant if balance sheet becomes a constraint, I think there are elements of the balance sheet that either can be repriced as we move through the cycle or can certainly get smaller.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, Mike, and I always appreciate your focus on this. There is no targeted ROE. And as I said earlier, at this stage, what we're really doing is strategically finding the balance point with this part of the cycle to make sure that we position the firm for growth, we provide you, the shareholders, with adequate and hopefully superior relative returns. And in the future, we're going to look to take advantage of all the market opportunities as the cycle improves.
Harvey Schwartz: So any day of the week, as a firm, we're most focused on serving our clients and growing our activity levels. In terms of aggregate financial metrics, all the things that you'll see in the proxy, whether its book value per share, ROE, those are all components into the compensation methodology, as are those other things that are mentioned in the proxy, whether it's our focus on expenses and aggregate performance, but those are part of our long-term incentive plan. I wouldn't view those as specific metrics as it relates to how we think about our capital.
Harvey Schwartz: I think, Mike, that we'll continue to communicate our message in a way that we think is appropriate for the context. Right now, obviously, there's still a significant amount of runway in finalization of rules. And as we get more clarity, we will continue to communicate with you how we think about capital. But I'm not sure necessarily having a published target is necessarily the best way to think about how we're managing the franchise, but we'll continue the dialogue, I'm sure.
Harvey Schwartz: So the equity line was driven by a portion of the portfolio, which as I referred to as divestitures and IPOs. And the deadline is really investment-related gains and interest income. And obviously to some extent, you'll see it in the broader market this is a solid harvesting environment. And so you're seeing us do that.
Harvey Schwartz: As I said, the incentive fees this quarter, obviously largely influenced by a single asset that was sold. Again, I would put them more in the bucket of it's a harvesting environment. And so if we have performance, you're going to continue to see incentive fees.
Harvey Schwartz: So a number of these are older vintage funds. Obviously, we had some visibility on the Volcker Rule, when it was first launched. And so we have obligations to our clients. But again, we'll work with the regulators and continue to harvest the funds in the profile that I gave you. The clients obviously value these returns.
Harvey Schwartz: 9.7 on the fully phased-in. But I would remind you again that we have to have the capital coming out of the Volcker funds. And so the transitional measure is maybe the best indicator.
Harvey Schwartz: I think around Goldman Sachs, now we refer to that as CCAR by the way, but I'm not sure that's in the marketplace yet. So we've looked and if we've studied it at the margin, it could in the neighborhood of 10 or 15 basis points. But we're still digging through the details of that. But it's a tailwind too.
Harvey Schwartz: Look again, early days on the CCAR -- and by the way, I'm glad you've adopted the CCAR acronym already. The early days, I think studying the CCAR, so that's why I didn't mention it earlier. But obviously I'm happy to give you a range on it. But the $9 billion that comes out, that comes out. CCAR is obviously a tailwind too.
Harvey Schwartz: I think the takeaway from the FICC business this quarter is really given them the market backdrop we had, where sentiment was really fluctuating. We had concerns about Asia growth and then political events. I think it really reinforces that if you're going to be in these businesses, you really need the diversification. And so as we mentioned, the quarter was helped by commodities, because we have a strong commodities business and you saw in certain segments, really unusually strong volatility. So we had opportunities to work with our clients. We just don't look at it on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We look at in a multi-quarter basis. And in this particular quarter, you saw us outperform.
Harvey Schwartz: No, it was down. That shouldn't be a surprise. You may remember, Chris, that backlog had hit a post-crises high in the third quarter, then it hit another post-crises high in the fourth quarter. And obviously, the fourth quarter tends to be more of the build quarter and then coming-off of relatively strong quarter, and it wasn't down significantly towards yearend. I think more importantly, I've made two observations. One that's specific about the backlog, which I mentioned is up significantly versus the first quarter of last year. But I think the takeaway on M&A is an important one. We've now seen a couple of quarters with higher M&A notional volumes. And so these things can all change quite quickly, but right now it does feel like it's an environment where we're far enough away from the epicenter of the crisis, where CEO competence is at a point where strategic transactions are occurring and there is an important takeaway about the nature of the transaction, which is some of them are very large. And when you have a large transaction environment, I referred to the 31 transactions we did in excess of $1 billion a quarter. Large transactions can have, they won't always, but they can have a catalytic effect, either on the industry or they create subsequent transactions themselves. So again, it could all change on a dime. But right now this trajectory for merger activity feels pretty good. And obviously, over time that feeds a lot of other activity.
Harvey Schwartz: No. The level of engagement and conversation is quite good. And then again, look, again I referred to my crystal ball earlier not being great, but right now it feels pretty good.
Harvey Schwartz: We've articulated this in the past. Obviously, this has been a strategic growth area for us. And it really has been about, it's a bit old fashion, but it's been focused on performance, delivering for our clients and having differentiated performance. And when you look at our historical multiyear numbers, it looked like strong. And so you're really starting to see the inflows.
Harvey Schwartz: Because there has been some small bolt-on acquisitions, which were disclosed, but this is really the core drivers' performance, particularly in fixed income this quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: I think we should be really clear on this. In no way shape or form are we going to let the regulatory guidelines or ratios or constraints encourage us to change our risk taking philosophy or how we deploy our capital. I can't underscore that more strongly. We often make mistakes and we're far from perfect, but as a firm, our risk culture focused on mark-to-market and our philosophy has served us well. And we're certainly, as I said, not going to be influenced by metrics that would maybe encourage risk taking. Quite frankly, we would always rather deploy this capital into our franchise businesses and we'll do that as opportunities present themselves.
Harvey Schwartz: It's very early in that process. And so I have no discrete insights for you. We'll obviously participate and have participated in the Federal Reserve's AMPR and it will be an evolving process. Again, I think the fundamental takeaway for you to consider and the way we approach these things, is if needed, if you had outcome that restricted our abilities, we would weigh that outcome and our ability to drive value for that capital. And if we felt, we couldn't drive value for that capital, then we would look to return it to the shareholders. I think it's that simple. You've seen it too before in things like our insurance business in Europe and our reinsurance business in United States, and that's the length that will evaluate all of our capital opportunities. But, obviously, we'll discuss this as we get more clarity.
Harvey Schwartz: It all depends, obviously, on the outcome. We don't have any visibility into the outcome. But again, it will depend on whether or not regulatory constraint is too high bar. I think more importantly today, as you know, we have a long history in the commodity business, providing our clients corporate treasurers and asset managers around the globe with hedging solutions and access to the marketplace and liquidity, not unlike we do in the corporate bond market. And separately, we feel we provide value in providing debt and equity capital to the investing side of the business. But it will evolve over time and we'll adjust accordingly. But it's a bit of a wait and see.
Harvey Schwartz: This is an important business to us, because it's important to our clients. I don't want to read through too much of this, because it's only one quarter and I think it's hard to extrapolate anything from a quarter. But certainly in commodities this quarter, in certain sectors, the feedback we're getting from clients is that, there may be, and again I have very limited visibility into our competitors businesses, but there just maybe some benefit to those market participants that stay strong in commodities like us, by those that are deemphasizing or exiting, particularly when the market is volatile.
Harvey Schwartz: Obviously, as I mentioned earlier, we've been very focused on cost. We continue to drive efficiencies throughout the organization, in terms of non-comp expenses and obviously also in people. But I don't really have any specific color for you, in terms of by division, et cetera. Obviously, we're managing those resources in the context of the business activity that the businesses are seeing.
Harvey Schwartz: This is a partner year for us. So it's been two years since we made partners. And so obviously, we'll be grinding the entire organization through that process this year.
Harvey Schwartz: It doesn't. This year, again, there was a difference in outcome between our results and the Federal Reserves results. We obviously thought we submitted a severe test and the outcome was more severe. Again, I think this process of giving firm the opportunity to adjust, I think it's a good one and it provides us in the marketplace all the flexibility. So again, I have to believe, again, in my opinion only, so discount it as you will. I have to believe, we'll be able to return excess capital over time for the exact reason that excess capital on a sustained basis for any industry, I don't think is a healthy thing. But again, that's just my opinion.
Harvey Schwartz: So, again, I think what we should just do for the purpose of this conversation is, ignore the last quarter and I'll just focus on the supplementary proposal that's out there, because I think the proposal is probably more relevant for your work. And that number in the bank would be 56.
Harvey Schwartz: I haven't focused on it. But obviously, there are lots of things that go into the supplementary leverage ratio. So it's not a primary concern.
Harvey Schwartz: You can't really read anything, I don't think into one individual quarter. But I think that this quarter in particular was probably in some respects tougher for our client-base than the headline indices would read just in terms of their ability to drive performance. But again, the equity business, to be a leading player, you really have to be strong in all facets of it, which means the prime brokerage business, you have to have a strong research footprint, you have to be able to drive IPOs and secondaries, and obviously you got to be able to commit capital, that's very important, and obviously you have to have a huge commitment of technology. And so, right now we feel quite good about things.
Harvey Schwartz: So if you look at our commissions and fees line, you can see it's up year-over-year and sequentially. But I would say, again, for certain segments of the client, client-based asset management, in particular for example and some of the headwinds, I think it was a tougher quarter for them. But I haven't studied all the full results. That's what I would expect to see.
Harvey Schwartz: So since there are on more questions, on behalf of the team, I'd like to take a moment to thank all of you for joining the call. Hopefully, I and other members of senior management will see you in the coming months. If there are any additional questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to Dane or the team. And otherwise, please enjoy the rest of your day. Look forward to talking to you soon. Take care.
