Guy Moszkowski: At some of your competitors, we've seen some fairly chunky debt value adjustments for structured products. I know in the past, you've always had a policy of hedging these out but sometimes, there has been something of an impact, and I was hoping maybe you could tell us what it was. And if you have continued your hedging policy, maybe you can just remind us about what you do.
Guy Moszkowski: And maybe, David, you could just remind us of what you do to try to keep those numbers from being the kind of outside numbers that we've seen elsewhere.
Guy Moszkowski: I wanted to follow up with a Volcker question if I might. Obviously, there is a draft out. It has more questions than answers. And so it's early days but I was wondering if you could give us some thought on any changes in your operating model and compliance regime that you're thinking about at this point given what you have seen.
Guy Moszkowski: And in terms of your interpretation of what you did see in the context of your Investing & Lending business, do you anticipate material restrictions there or...
David A. Viniar: Sure. And as you know, Guy, we do try and hedge that exposure as best we can, and it was a more significant number than usual this quarter. It was still pretty modest. It was -- the total amount was $450 million roughly, and roughly $300 million of that was in FICC and roughly $150 million in equities.
David A. Viniar: Well, we try as best we can to have close-to-offsetting positions against our own credit spreads, not in our own names -- can't do that -- but in whatever names we got.
David A. Viniar: Guy, you kind of started off by saying most of what I was going to say, which is it is early days. The proposed rule, as you said, leaves more questions than answers. In fact, as we add it up, when you add all the questions, there are over 1,000 questions that need to be answered. We continue to work through it and work constructively with regulators. We haven't changed anything at this point because, as you said, more questions than answers. We don't know where it's going to come out.
David A. Viniar: As far as we can see, as you know, we've already shut down our Waldorf proprietary business. So that's gone. We think that any investment in funds will be limited to 3%, and other than that, more questions than answers.
David A. Viniar: Guy, let me just clarify. I don't think we ever said we were targeting 11% Basel III capital ratio. I think what we said was best calculation we could do right now looking out, using consensus earnings estimates, passive -- no active mitigation, just letting things roll off, at the end of 2012, our best calculation was that we would be at close 11%. That was not our target. In fact, I think that's higher than what our target would probably be. I think if we did that same calculation today, which of course, is not necessarily a meaningful calculation because most of these requirements are in effect in 2012, the number would be closer to 10%, given largely, as you said, GDP down and earnings estimates down. But we still have round numbers best we can tell with all the caveats. It would be roughly 10% at the end of 2012.
David A. Viniar: Oh, it was the latter, Guy. I'm sorry, Glenn. It was the latter, Glenn. It was -- We were just doing the calculation of kind of if that whole segment went away, how much capital would be freed up. It was not a calculation of what was going to be freed up, when. There was just so much talk that the whole segment would go away. You might let people know if you really think the whole segment's going to go away, here's how much capital is going to be freed up.
David A. Viniar: Well, a couple of things. First of all, I would say that there were -- as you said, it was all unrealized as far as the losses. In fact, there were very modest realized gains on some things that we sold which actually offset it. As far as the 10% numbers go, there will be slightly lower because the base will be lower because we lost money last quarter in this, and so the overall amount is lower, and so it's 10% off the lower base but the calculation is going to be the same.
David A. Viniar: It's very hard to pick one out that would be top of the list. I mean, some of the issues we see are -- and you've kind of a little bit alluded to this as the guy before you, there -- at least as it's now written with lots -- and I'll give all the caveats, lots of questions. There is tremendous operational burden and cost of compliance for the entire industry. Some or all of that would need to get passed through. It could result in diminished liquidity. That would hurt our clients and the markets, and we're also focused on competitiveness in the U.S. financial institutions. So I mean, those are some of the questions at the top of our mind. But as we said, there's 1,000 questions in there.
David A. Viniar: I think you hit it more on your first part. It is of much higher correlation between asset classes. And look, I want to emphasize one thing since you raised it as I mentioned in the call. VaR was higher at the end of the quarter. As you know, volatility -- VaR is a combination of position, size and volatility. Volatility was up dramatically as we went through the quarter. I would expect, assuming we made no changes to positions at all, that our VaR would be fairly significantly higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter.
David A. Viniar: I think it's too soon. We had -- you think of what we've gone through in a little over 2 weeks, first 2 days of the quarter or actually the first day and 3 quarters were horrendous from a market point of view, not from [indiscernible] . Then, things got a little better, were mixed. Last week, big market rally. Yesterday, big market decline. So I think there's still a lot of uncertainty and a lot of it is based on who says what on what day.
David A. Viniar: The main things. It's really a combination of mezz loans. You know we have a fairly large mezz fund and senior debt. So it's really those of the 2 biggest components, would be senior debt and mezzanine debt. There's also some distressed loans in there, but the biggest components would be mezz and senior loans.
David A. Viniar: The answer to the -- let me do the last question. That's the easiest. It's none. And look, we continue to work through the Basel III numbers. We're really at the early stages of doing it because as you know, these rules don't take effect for several years. So we're focused much more on running the business today, but we do have groups of people that are kind of beginning to look through of how we can mitigate some of the Basel III impacts.
David A. Viniar: Boy, it is a very hard question. I think over the long run, we'd be disappointed with a 10% return in that business. Obviously, as you said, in any quarter, it can be extremely volatile and up or down a lot more than that. But over the long run, we'd be disappointed with a 10% return, and our history has been a lot better than a 10% return.
David A. Viniar: It's the toughest question. We have approval to do kind of what we feel we might want to do in this environment. We sit here today. It's a very stressed environment, which causes us to want to conserve capital, but we look at our stock price and we're pretty convinced that looking back, we're going to wish we bought back a whole lot of shares at this price. And so we're just kind of going through it as the quarter goes, and we'll decide what we think is prudent as we go forward. There's no magic answer to it. It's going to be judgment calls as we go through the quarter.
David A. Viniar: You see that risk management does not start when you enter a stressed environment. It starts as you enter into transactions. And we have credit limits and we look forward, and the collateral that we're getting tends to be under agreements that were put in place when transactions were first entered into. Very difficult. When the environment gets stressed, you go to a client and say, "We've changed our mind. Now we want collateral from you." So this is really part of our ongoing risk management. We make judgments about how much exposure we should take to individual counterparties but also to industries, to regions, to countries, et cetera. We set limits on those basis and we require collateral on those basis.
David A. Viniar: I think it depends on what ultimately comes out of the powers to be in Europe. There's a chance that we might have an opportunity to help some of our clients raise capital, but we don't know what's really going to come out. There's a chance that we might be able to help them sell assets or possibly buy some of the assets. You said it didn't really materialize in the U.S. There were some. It hadn't really materialized in Europe but we may see some. So I think those are some of the opportunities that might happen, but I think probably the biggest opportunity for us is if they reach some resolution, which gives the markets comfort on how things in going to Europe, that you just see a higher confidence level around the markets and then more activity in general through that course.
David A. Viniar: The answer is other than we hate watching them widen, they don't really mean very much to us. They didn't really affect our funding. There wasn't a meaningful change in client behavior. We're in some ways confused and disappointed when we see them where they are, given all the numbers I talked about, given how strong our capital is, our liquidity is, the maturity of our funding, the balance sheet. We kind of scratch our heads a little bit, but it hasn't really affected anything other than our emotions. We don't like seeing it but it hasn't had a big effect.
David A. Viniar: No. The second quarter of last year was really -- I think we talked about that -- and really just specific positions that we got. Clients wanted to be in something. We took the other side and couldn't get out of it. It was really just a specific issue with specific positions as opposed to this quarter where there was just more volumes and equities were pretty high, and it was one of the business where there was more activity and volatility led to more activity and now it's beneficial to us.
David A. Viniar: Yes. That would be my expectation but remember, we're 2 weeks in, so a lot could change as the quarter goes on.
David A. Viniar: Well, it's a very difficult question. A lot of that is our investment in our funds. That is a business where our clients basically want to be long equities, and we're investing alongside of our clients.
David A. Viniar: There are some places we can and some places that we couldn't. So for example, we're free to do what we want with ICBC at this point. It's completely free. Some of the equities, we could hedge but the decision's been made not to in that segment.
David A. Viniar: Right. Look, that, as I answered before, it's one of the reasons why I'm a little confused because the CDS spreads don't seem to make sense to us given how strong our capital position, liquidity position are. We made a decision as the quarter went on that our capital position and liquidity position are strong enough, that we could use roughly $2 billion of both our capital liquidity to buy back stock given where our stock price was. And as I mentioned, as we think about this quarter, it's a decision that we're thinking about where it is a stressed environment, so our natural tendency is to preserve cash and liquidity even though we have a lot of both. And yet, we look at our stock price being where it is, we think it's extremely low, and that it would be beneficial to our shareholders to be buying back stock at this price. So I said, there's no formula for it but decision we make as the quarter goes on.
David A. Viniar: Again, you're asking -- I mean, it's a very good question. CDS is a much more volatile market than cash. So what we've seen is less day-to-day movement in cash than in CDS. But directionally, cash spreads have widened like CDS have widened, maybe not the same, maybe not on any day the same amount and not nearly with the volatility that CDS has moved, both widening and tightening. But certainly directionally, our cash spreads have widened as well but on very, very little activity.
David A. Viniar: We do some long-dated business, and it might affect us versus some competitors who might have lower spreads, but we also compete on execution as well and our execution tends to be pretty good.
David A. Viniar: We haven't really changed the way we look at counterparty risk. We, of course, always evaluate our counterparties based on what's going on and decide where we do and don't want to take exposures. I had mentioned many times in the past that vis-a-vis most financial institutions, without regard to a view on credit, we do so much business back and forth with the other major financial institutions that we all tend to have margin agreements with each other to make sure that credit exposures to other financial institutions never get very large, we had with our counterparties, our counterparties had with us. So we're always making credit judgments as we go on, but the way we do that hasn't changed.
David A. Viniar: They've been relatively stable over the quarter. We've had some ins and some outs but relatively stable.
David A. Viniar: Again, a very good question. It is something that we think about. Given our focus on liquidity, it's not something that we do very often. We make an active mark in our debt. If people want to sell us some, we buy it and we tend to sell it out, but it is something that we consider from time to time but not in a very big way given our focus on liquidity.
David A. Viniar: I think -- from the trading business, I think that is overthinking it. I think we pretty much saw similar trends, not exactly the same but similar trends really around the world. Obviously, our overall revenues in Asia were down a lot given the $1 billion loss in ICBC. But from a trading point of view, I would say the trends were relatively similar around the world.
David A. Viniar: I'm sorry, middle of September. I had a moment of going back to being in November year end for a second. I apologize. Middle of September.
David A. Viniar: We black out from about 2 weeks before the end of the quarter until our earnings release. So it's about a 5-week, 5-ish week blackout period.
David A. Viniar: The trade-off is what we think the business opportunities are going to be. And while we're a little cautious right now, we're not so negative on our business that we want to sell off a lot of things and shut it down. So we're still going to run our business, we're still going to trade with our customers, we're still going to have a balance sheet and have inventory. But we are, as I said before, thinking about the trade-offs between being in a stressed environment and having a stock price that, as you said, below tangible book and a fair amount below tangible book. And when we -- I know that someday, we're going to look back and wish we had bought back more at this price.
David A. Viniar: I said it was confusing. I didn't say it was wrong. I don't believe markets are wrong. I think it's confusing.
David A. Viniar: I don't think we can do anything to narrow the spread anymore than we can do anything to change our stock price. The markets trade as the markets trade. We try and make sure people understand what the extent of our liquidity and our capital and the conservatism of our risk management, et cetera. And we know that over time, our spreads will follow that. In the short term, there'll be a lot of volatility. There'll be times of market stress, and we think it may not at times reflect the quality of the firm. But we're convinced that over time, it does.
David A. Viniar: Modestly, but not very much. We still think that the biggest medium- to long-term opportunities are going to be in some of those growth markets. And while just like everything else, as the world slows, we might moderate the pace a little bit, but we're still going to be investing in those businesses.
David A. Viniar: I'll try and remember. I think I wrote them down, so I think I got all 3 questions. So if I don't, then remind me. As far as other expenses, 3 things make up probably close to 2/3 of the difference: One is the U.K. bank levy; second is, as you know and we announced, we bought the rest of Goldman Sachs Australia, which we have had in our partnership, used to be called, JBWere, now Goldman Sachs Australia. So that now became consolidated. And the third was the increase in our litigation reserves, which was not a big number, but when you look at the year-over-year change, if you add those 3 things, it's about 2/3 of the change and then assorted other things that make up the difference. As far as headcount goes, so heads are down about 1,300 from the second quarter to the third quarter. We, as again you know, we sold our servicing platform, Litton, and we consolidated the rest of Goldman Sachs Australia as I mentioned. The net of that was a decrease of about 800 heads. So the decrease, excluding those 2 things, was about 500, and that is part of the expense initiatives that we talked about. And the third thing on our debt, again, that's something that we're just going to consider as the quarter goes on. We'll see what the opportunities are. We'll look at how much cash we have, how much funding, what our spreads are, and we'll make decisions at the time about whether we want to replace maturing debt. We don't have that much debt maturing over the course of the quarter, and we'll decide as the quarter goes on whether we want to replace it or want to wait for a better time.
David A. Viniar: I think the plain vanilla debt maturing through the end of the quarter, I think, is around $5 billion. If it's very different, we'll come back to you.
David A. Viniar: The authorization we have from the Fed is for the year, so it will expire at the end of this year. Then, we will work with the Fed for authorization for next year. It's not a certainty we'll use all of it. So you'll know that whatever we bought back was within our Fed authorization, but it won't necessarily tell you that was all of it.
David A. Viniar: We'll see as the year unfolds. I think that right now, we're accruing as best we can. But as you said, the year is not shaping up as strong as some of the others. And again, as you know, it tends to be in lower revenue years. The percentage comp tends to be higher, but we'll see as we do our comp at the end of the year, and we'll adjust it accordingly if need be.
