Harvey M. Schwartz: So, I think and I highlighted in my prepared remarks, I really think it's a question of we're very close still to the epicenter of the crisis at least in the context of history, right? And so people's memories are very fresh. And when you have periods of uncertainty, as I said bumps along the way, like events in Europe or big shifts in employment data and economic growth, it doesn't translate well when you think about CEOs who are making what obviously is the most significant decision they're making for the organization strategically. And so, I think it's going to be a bit of a lagging indicator, because it will be one of those things that when we really have stability and confidence, you'll start to see it come out of the pipeline. Having said that, obviously we feel really good about our position competitively in our M&A franchise, and it really is just a question of when activity picks up.
Harvey M. Schwartz: It really was in line with broad equity markets, so in the past, we have pointed you to the MSCI, and so there are going to be periods where we obviously outperform that because of the idiosyncratic nature of the portfolio on periods where we underperformed, but more or less in line.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I don't know that I'd say -- I do want to be careful about the word liquidity discounts. What I'd say that we're, as you would expect us to be very thorough in terms of how we mark the portfolio and as well as our orders, so yeah, these things will be in line with the market as appropriate.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, there is nothing on the regulatory environment that’s impacting the way we think about the business, specifically no, of course there are lot of rules to come, and so we will get more visibility in commodities and other businesses could be impacted as we see – as we get more transparency, but there is nothing in the regulatory aspects of it.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think in the end, it’s all about quality rule making process. These are – and it’s not just Volcker, these are exceptionally complex rules. So, these are obviously incredibly critical, not just with the financial institutions that will limit the rules, but really quite frankly more broadly in terms of their impact on the capital markets, and given the complexity, I think it’s quite natural that these are going to take time to implement. And the regulators themselves -- it’s a massive amount of work that they have to go through to get to a place to introduce these rules. So, I think this process in terms of the time it’s taking, I think we would love to – I think everyone would like to have the final rule set in front of us, clients would certainly want that, we would want that, our constituents would want that, but I think it’s very natural and on balance, I think if it improves the quality of the rule making, which to-date is what we’ve seen for example in clearing, I think it’s a good thing on balance.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, I think that when -- first of all, I would say the following. We in the industry have lived with uneven requirements in terms of whether its margin or a capital standard and so some of these things are going to run like this. I think as we get the full view of everything that's out there, I think that the regulatory community and all of our as participants will then have to view the extent of which there's differences and understand whether or not those incentives are actually the right incentives in terms of reducing systemic risks because remember, the overarching objective here is to reduce systemic risks and that's again I'd go back to my earlier comment about clearing. So you don't necessarily want to have significantly different collateral requirements for essentially the same type of risks, because then you can get some unwanted incentives. Now having said and putting that aside for a moment, our clients are driven by the long-term incentive goal so they're going to make the best choice they can for executing and at times, collateral maybe a more significant component of their thought process; other times other issues will guide how they execute.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So it's a great question. It's a difficult thing to quantify. And so strategically the way we approach it is making sure that, and let's just take for example the security division, if you think about the diverse nature of that business, what you really need to be successful in terms of having scale, but awesome ability to deliver the full range of services to your clients, so whether it's commodities or interest rates or prime brokerage, executing blocks of equities. So furthermore you need to be at scale in this market environment because trying to build I think the headwinds are hard given the activity levels we feel like we are at scale and feel quite good about our position both within those individual businesses but of course geographically also. So I'll have to see over the next several years, but it feels like there's reasonable market share opportunity given the environment, because as I said that's leader in some of these businesses, I think it's a difficult time to build.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So in the insurance business, we're in the midst of the sale process. So if it's okay, Betsy, I will come back to you with that when the sale process closes. However, as we go through the new capital rules, the driver here was as I mentioned earlier, the amount of capital that business attracts under the new rule set. And so we like that business, but under new capital rules its really better held in other people’s hands and so it just felt like it was appropriate to move forward the sales process, but as it completes we will certainly update you with more info.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, there are no changes in the outlook. Obviously, we continue to focus on it very closely and I talked about the tools that we’ve been rolling out, that will continues on schedule. So we just continue to work through the process.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, I wouldn’t necessarily say that, but I think it – I think its hard to look at it in a quarter-over-quarter period. I think we’ve to look at over longer periods, but we’re comfortable with our progress.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, we have no comment, although the only thing I would say that, I don’t want those things come out and they’re picked up in the press, they often have not knock on question that relate to our commitment to commodities or anything like (inaudible) we got into that business in 1981 and have invested a huge amount in being a market leader, so we’re very committed to that business.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, its definitely too early, but it's really a question of degree of volatility and causes. I think some of the volatility we have seen particularly in commodities it looks more like liquidation of crowded positions. So, I wouldn’t read too much into it. And in all the time investors will digest the information and then that will translate these either into expanded client activity or not. But I think in the near term the action is what I said, mostly liquidation.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, I can’t comment on anything else, any of what the competitor said. What I would say is that and you certainly see it in terms of yield activity and it was reflected in the quarter in respect to both issuers -- the opportunity issuers have to issue and obviously investor appetite as people search for yield.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well there’s certainly, there’s certainly a cycle of reinvestment that’s occurring. I think back to last year a capital committee we were reviewing financing opportunities for our clients, committing capital, bringing things to market and many often – many times those same clients were back six to nine months later in a position to refinance because of the compression of credit spread and the market appetite. But if you’re asking me when that will change, that’s a question I definitely don’t ever view on and I can guarantee I’ll do wrong.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So with respect to the ROE, it's an important question Mike and we still don't have enough information in terms of capital rules, all the regulatory activity to give you a view. What I will tell you is that we remain very focused on our returns, both on our relative and absolute basis and certainly in the way that we're deploying and managing the balance sheet.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, with respect to capital, first of all, in terms of the ratio, you're going to see the work as we do it. So we want to present it to you. I'm sure there's a whole lot of value for guessing it. In terms of how we think about share repurchase and how managing the capital dynamically from quarter-to-quarter, we're going to make adjustments as we work through. And so if we think the best use of our capital is to return it, we'll do that. And if we think it's best to deploy in the business, we'll do that.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Right. So that's a great question because if you look back over the past two years, in some respects if you knew you were going to end up down 10% in headcount, you would have rather done that on day one rather than take two years to do it, okay. We don't have a crystal ball. This is a really important strategic point about how we have to think about the business. First and foremost, we need to be there for our clients in all aspects of our business; Investment Banking, Asset Management, Securities Division. And so we can't shape the opportunities, instead we can only shape how we respond and compete with other market participants. And so we're constantly reviewing it and that's why you've seen us take the steps that you've seen us take. Right now for the current environment, we feel quite comfortable. If the opportunities had expanded and the environment can improve, you could see us deploying more resources and likewise. If the environment was to trend downward, I think you'd see us responding there too of course.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, so – okay, it is a very important question, so I want to make sure I’m clear on that. So, in terms of again the quarter-over-quarter I don’t think there is a lot of read through for you there. I think in terms of the opportunities that as it relates to the – to regulatory issues, really difficult to speculate on for example the impact of clearing swap execution facilities we don’t have yet and many of the rules are still outstanding. If you ask me I think as you get more clarity rule set, clients respond well to that. Now with respect to how we adjust, this is the strategic issue. You can – and I covered this, I don’t know, if you saw I covered this a bit at the Credit Suisse conference back in February, but one of the things that we’ve found is that trying to anticipate rules can be quite costly and you can make major mistakes. The mortgage business being a really concrete example of when you first saw the Notice for Proposed Rulemaking for mortgages a couple of years ago versus responding to final rules. So, you’re not seeing us dial down or up our businesses in anticipation of rules. With respect to market share opportunities, those are all always in my experience multi-year events and they will play out over time.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So client activity as I said in my prepared remarks was – it was more active really in the first month of the quarter and then it slowed down a bit in March based on just the data that came through. And what we have seen is that clients whether it's in the advisory business or those on the investing side are obviously very sensitive to data and information. And so for example as issues started to come back more on to front screens as it relates to issues in Europe, clients obviously pulled back towards the end of the quarter. But I would say that overall the trend in terms of outlook feels like it's continuing to improve steady, but it's not going to be a straight line from here to there and so our strategy during this time period obviously is to stay extremely focused on our clients. It is an environment where there is, you can really compete on content with your clients because there is uncertainty that you’re dealing with.
Harvey M. Schwartz: It's always going to be a function of the market and idiosyncratic events, and obviously I said there was a correlation. But there aren’t things – we don’t look opportunistically and the market will give us opportunities.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, you see a bigger drop is from first quarter last year to this year, but that's virtually all driven by market volatilities.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. In terms of talent, quite frankly it feels like one of the better market environments we've seen in quite a long time. Our ability to acquire and add people to our team seems pretty good. And in terms of attrition, attrition is very manageable. And it's not reflected at all in how we think about the competition ratio.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So we don't have any color yet and to the extent which we can share it over time, we will. Of course, it's supervisory level data but whatever we can share over time, we will. What I will say is that as a firm that invested a lot of time and energy both in terms of analytics but culturally around risk, we always look for opportunities to learn. And so we'll work closely with the Fed or with the Federal Reserve over the next six months. And we look forward to enhancing any process changes we make.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think it's too early to tell and I do think -- but what I will say is the stress test is a really good concept and quite frankly it there was a version on the stress test prior to the crisis, maybe it would have had some mitigating effects in terms of the crisis. But it's evolutionary and it's complex, and so we'll have to see how it evolves.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Okay. So, let me make sure, I rattle through those. So, on VaR, so as you know, VaR is measured with a lag. Our VaR I think relative to competitive reason we’re heavily weighted to the more recent observable time period, so about 50% of the contribution. But there is nothing meaningful in those shifts and they reflect generally speaking client activity and obviously the result in position. So there is nothing meaningful about VaR. The more – I think more significant observation that everybody should take away with the one I made with respect to last year versus this year, and that as market volatility is increased I think you can easily see increasing VaR over time, but perhaps with the same position profile. So people shouldn’t be – we’re certainly not lulled into any complacency as a result of the fact that the VaR signal is low because that’s mostly driven by market volatilities. With respect to your second question on business mix, its nothing significant we would highlight for you there obviously as you would expect activity in Europe towards the end of the quarter a little more impact, a little more impacted but it really just natural outcome of client activity. And so where you see uncertainty, client activity obviously is going to be impacted. But I wouldn’t say that the mix is used materially. When you asked a question on I&L, your last question …
Harvey M. Schwartz: … you had – I think also a question on I&L, we’re going to continue to manage that business as we have in the past and so that is obviously about investment selection, but that includes obviously the lending activities, the debt and equity, so it’s a diversified portfolio, its diversified geographically and so, we will continue to manage that business we have in the past. So nothing really to comment there.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Sure. In terms of capital no there is nothing there and with respect to -- asset management we obviously continued to stay very focused on performance and improved performance always attracts client flows and we’re still missing that.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I wouldn’t extrapolate 2012 into 2013, because it will be based on the environment and so if we see continued improving opportunities which again will be driven by our clients then we may deploy capital into the business and it's a balance.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well it's not a strategy to sort of be targeted against any firm. It really is just again what I said earlier about the point our compensations, the opportunities that we feel our clients are interested in and would benefit from. And so, we’ll have to see how the business grows over time but of course this will be a multi-year effort. And I think it really gets to the point that we’re always looking for opportunities and new products to introduce that our clients want to utilize.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So of course we’re monitoring all that and we’ll engage with regulators in terms of discussion, of course it's unclear at this point exactly how this will ultimately be adopted so it's really not possible at this stage to ask me to give a little impact. I guess I would say that when evaluating any of these rules, all the market participants, obviously we all have a huge obligation, regulators and clients and ourselves to make sure that we strike the right balance because we want to make sure that we're insuring that the best capital markets are build with proper liquidity and so these are important things.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, I don't know if I'd say ownerless. I think I'd say that if there was a consistent pattern, I think generally speaking for the rules that have been proposed versus how they've been finalized, they generally start in one place. There's been engagement with market participants and they generally have migrated to a place that's better for the capital markets.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So on the second question, nothing in particular to note. The only other thing I would say with respect to the ratios, you're right, reference what we -- I think you're referring to what we put in the 10-K. And so it was in the 10-K. So obviously the performance for the quarter and also we received some feedback from the Fed despite the numbers which improved them.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, well, I did say approximately, so I'm not going to specific guess the number but it is improving there as well.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So as the activity picks up, obviously you're going to see it. But I think the key for us is the diversity of the franchise. And so as I said earlier, we just want to make sure strategically that -- and we're far from perfect and there's always work we can do on improving our businesses and we stay very focused on that. But we want to make sure that we're positioned within each one of the businesses where we really get the benefit in a market environment like this is the diversity both within products but also geographically.
Harvey M. Schwartz: We don't. I don't know if I'll describe it as happy or sad. I think again we have to -- we don't create the environment, we just have to make sure we're best positioned for our clients to respond to it. So for example right now as you point out and I mentioned in the earlier comment, a bit improvement in housing. There's also been investors desirous of yield and so you see things starting to turn off in terms of the mortgage business, but it may not correlate for example with the rate business which is why I highlighted the diversity aspect. It will be the case -- we don't expect necessarily very frequently all the cylinders to fire at the same time.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, there are no change to the way we thought about the compensation ratio this year versus prior years and just to be thorough as you know and we talked about this a lot, it's driven by performance other issues the competitive dynamic and what's happening in a broader environment and in the end it's our best estimate. Now what I would say is that certainly the expense efforts that, and the controlled efforts we put in over the past two years give us some degree of flexibility and that’s represented in the number.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So what I was trying to say was the following. So, there’s obviously multiple inputs that go into the VaR calculation. One dominant factor obviously is market volatilities that we experience during the process. So, for us there’s a bit more of a waiting towards the more recent time period, roughly 50% of the VaR calculation is impacted by the last three month volatilities and so when we saw what I was trying to was just draw a line under the 95% from last year, I think it was down to 76% this quarter and that is coming mostly by drop – a decline in implied volatility in the market place.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Not from position change and what I was really saying was it wouldn’t surprise me at some point the volatility will increase, who knows. It could be soon, it could be a long time from now. But I also wouldn’t read too much into my comment.
Harvey M. Schwartz: That’s too hard for me to predict, I mean if you’re basically saying the second quarters were exactly the same as the first quarter it might look like that, but I think clients are going to drive activity as they always do and it's a dynamic world.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, I don’t want to attach too much to the compensation ratio itself. What I would think was that, you should a 100% assume that in all aspects of our business we’re always looking for operating leverage. And at the same time we’re making sure we find that balance between how we compete for talent, compete against our competitors in Uruguay and most importantly how we serve our clients.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So this is again one of these things that’s really, really difficult to predict and so we’ll monitor and -- one other things that we’ve learned in terms of regulatory changes and market structure changes is that, the key is lessen our predicting effort outcomes and more about responding to them. And so we have a long history of adapting and so as these rules become [live], we're going to have to adapt as our clients. And we'll have to adapt better than our competitors. Historically, we've been good at that but we'll have to deliver in the future.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So again, difficult to predict so I think it's better to look at history of the guide. The electronification of FICC has been obviously happening for a number of years. You go back to early part of 2000 with the advent of trade web and government bond and then simultaneously the foreign exchange markets. So, electronification is not new to us, even FICC and obviously equities broadly. And so it's for us, the electronification I think is a bit of a muscle memory issue and of course as you know, we think we have some competitive advantage given than we have one platform in (inaudible) which when will it become final and as markets become more electronic, a lot of this is about speed and ability to adopt new procedures and respond because that's what our clients need. And so with respect to the forward, obviously there's some operating efficiencies that can be gained. You may get new revenue development and new products, but I think those things are much harder to forecast. You really have to look at our experience in terms of how we're done it.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Again, like I said, I think if you look at the case study and we didn't -- and Dane I think can walk you through more specific examples offline. But if you look just at us, case study of equities, foreign exchange, government bond trading, et cetera, I think our history is good but we have to execute.
