Stephen Scherr: Sure, Glenn. Thank you. So as you know, the provision for credit loss we took was $937 million, about $686 million of that were in provisions and about $200 million of that related to the relationship loan book with the balance really guided by the crisis relating to COVID and growth in the overall portfolio. In answering your question, I will point out what we did in this quarter, because I think it will reflect a process that we will continue to look at which is we weigh a variety of macroeconomic scenarios, one that’s optimistic, a base case and one that’s downside in a quarter in which we sat and if circumstances played we heavily weighted a downside scenario that doesn’t rely exclusively on our economist, but takes a broad look. And obviously, we don’t know what the forward holds in the quarter. And so I think we will hone to the very same process we did, which is looking at a variety of scenarios, putting enough weight on a downside or a base case, or for that matter, one that’s marginally more optimistic. It’s worth pointing out that in these scenarios we take a look at what the contraction of GDP is. We look at unemployment, but we don’t ignore the fact that there are a number of programs in place across a range of countries notably the U.S. where central banks and treasuries have put in place monitoring fiscal stimulus that has the potential to serve as some counterbalance, if you will, to what may play to the extent that holds and that accelerates a recovery. I have every expectation that reserves would reflect it if this continued on and that didn’t have the efficacy that is otherwise intended one could imagine a scenario that plays more to the downside and I would expect provisions and losses to reflect the same. And so again hard to predict what the next quarter or subsequent quarters hold, but I think will rely and you should know that will rely on a pretty robust modeling exercise that will reflect to circumstances that we see in front of us.
Stephen Scherr: No, not a problem. So, let me give you kind of quick decomposition and I will start with equity. So we have a $21 billion equity portfolio, $19 billion of that is in private, $2 billion of that is in the public space. When you look at the P&L around it, I would say that on the positive side we realized about $775 million of gain principally generated around the harvesting of assets one as I mentioned being the UK housing platform and the other being the AirTrunk asset in Australia. So that generated positive revenues of $775 million. Also embedded in this was a $200 million revenue pickup in the context of CIEs that we keep independent of the equity portfolio. So think of that portfolio generating positive $1 billion or so. That was offset by both public and private mark. So in the public realm, we took down about $500 million of loss most notable within that was a $180 million of Avantor. On the $500 million of losses in the balance of the private portfolio that was spread across about 280 names. And so it’s important just to understand that dispersion. I would also say that when you look at the private portfolio, you don’t hone exclusively to kind of public market comparables, you look at the underlying performance of those businesses. And just to give you a little bit of insight into that, of that private portfolio, I would say 65% of it continued to perform well in the context of operating performance in the business, about 20% of that portfolio was impacted by COVID and was the source of a considerable number of the private marks taken and then 15% of portfolio was what’s on positive gains in the harvesting that was there. Just to give you a breakdown and the reliance on underlying performance and/or events and not the exclusive reliance on a public sort of analog in terms of looking at that private portfolio. Let me turn now to answer your question on the debt side. So there it’s a $29 billion portfolio, about $17 billion of that is fair value. So debt securities about $13 billion, loans about $4 billion, the balance of $12 billion are loans on an accrual basis. And so as you can imagine, the mark-to-market on the fair value was largely influenced by dramatic spread widening that was experienced in the quarter. We saw high yield spreads in the U.S. gap out by about 375 basis points, the same in Europe gapped out by about 435 basis points. Now as I noted, we have seen some retrenchment of that in the beginning part of the second quarter that doesn’t do anybody any good as it related to marks taken in the first quarter, but just to give you a sense of the markets retrenchment as we began early. Now we will see what the rest of the quarter holds, but that just gives you a sense of balance in the context of both the acuity and the credit portfolio.
Stephen Scherr: Christian, good morning. Couple of things I would add to David’s answer, first to his point on capital allocation, it’s bearing note as we report now in ways we hadn’t before that FICC produced an ROE of 19.7%. And the reflection of the nimbleness and agility of capital, which was a topic discussed at our Investor Day is the ability to deploy capital where it’s required and needed by our clients. And that’s the way balance sheet flows in and around the firm and within the firm in terms of capital allocation. I’d also point out that I think this business benefited and you heard us talk about this over the preceding one or two earnings calls where we took risk down generally speaking within this business. And so as a consequence, we came into this crisis with a more manageable risk profile and we are able to manage flows and be in the service of intermediating clients more thoroughly. I should point out as I may have misspoken, but growth markets producing ROE as a segment of 19.7%, but obviously FICC a big contributor to it in the context of our overall performance.
Stephen Scherr: So Christian, I will take that question. Look the abiding proposition for us obviously is to maintain appropriate risk management and equally be mindful of capital and liquidity and so taking those three as kind of the abiding governors. I have every expectation that the firm will continue both aggressively and offensively to extend credit in the interest of clients across a range of our businesses and equally to meet our client needs in the context of corporate draw-downs or other liquidity needs of the client itself. The book obviously stands at $128 billion. There was meaningful growth in the quarter occasioned by the relationship loan book being drawn by about $19 billion. But I think risk is obviously an important governor. And so I would just point out as an example in the context of the consumer book wherever committed to that business, but at this moment, in this environment we will be quite cautious in terms of credit extension and growing that book and will return to grow that book once this sort of circumstance and market volatility passes just as an example of how risk needs to be the governor in the context of managing this profile and the loan book overall.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So the philosophy that we brought and the accounting rigor we brought to marking our private portfolio frankly has not at all changed this quarter relative to what it has been historically. Meaning, we always look at events that play out as a reference point against which names or companies in which there has been an event either a sale or another investment into that name we market in that context, where there is in an event, we look at the underlying performance in the business in just the way I described we did it this way. And so underlying – the underlying performance of those businesses is having the true north in the way in which we look to mark that portfolio. Now as we look forward to the extent that we come into a quarter or multiple quarters, which ultimately weigh on the underlying performance and the underlying profitability of that portfolio company or set of companies, you are obviously then could be further marks and loss occasion by that and that would therefore be a lag. But I just want to layout the methodology we use in the context of how we market and equally point out that this quarter is no different than any other in the way in which we mark that book.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. Thank you, Steve. So let me start with sort of strategy around rate. We took our rate down actually yesterday in the U.S. relative to where it had been. Our strategy remains unchanged in that regard, which is we aim to be certainly not the top rate payer, but somewhere in the 3 or 4 category and we will continue to do that with an eye towards building out greater product attributes and a more formidable relationship with depositors such that we rely less on rate in the context of both drawing and maintaining deposits, but it’s against that strategy that we saw at least for us record inflows on the deposit side. In terms of the medium-term target which we set out in Investor Day of achieving $1 billion of savings occasioned by the migration of our funding mix, that’s no less an imperative for us now than it was then. And I would simply point out that the market will pull some volatility into the measurement. So again, this is a medium-term target that we will achieve. We will move closer and closer to 50% of our funding in deposits, the amount or the delta of savings, if you will, will be both a function of where we take deposit rates and as much as where wholesale funding obviously takes itself. And I think particularly in this market and most notably in March, this was a really good very stable source of funding for us, but I think the forward trajectory both as a strategy and then equally as it relates to our ability to harvest the kind of savings that we have talked about over the medium term is one that we are going to continue to adhere to and watch and achieve.
Stephen Scherr: So there is no change relating to our medium-term target of achieving $1.3 billion. Now the early pace of that during this period of pandemic will obviously be slower, but this is a medium term or 3-year target and I think we will come out of this experience leaving clearer view as to sort of where changes can be made and where we can harvest expense reduction. In the near-term I am very much minded to achieve flat non-comp expense relative to where we were, but let me just be open and point to the variables. One is obviously, BC&E this is a variable expense that obviously plays in the context of market activity. We have seen more of it. And so as a consequence, we have seen more expense in that regard. On consolidated investments, it would have been my preference in a common market for us to have exited more of those consolidated investments and shed ourselves of some of those expenses whether the market permits that to happen over the balance of the year we will have to see. Obviously honing to flat non-comp was ex-litigation so I am just leaving that aside, but the two variables really just to be candid about it are BC&E relative to volumes and CIEs to the extent we can harvest it. Otherwise, we are quite focused on trying to sort of live to a flat non-comp expense year-over-year.
Stephen Scherr: Mike, I also would say that as a by-product of advice, if you look at the roster of corporations that have issued into both the investment grade and below investment grade markets what you will find are companies that are in certain industries that have been meaningfully impacted by the virus yet saw the utility of taking access in the market so that they can better weather the storm and the uncertainty that’s in the market itself. You also saw issuers who are not impacted to the same extent, but they too saw the utility of tapping the market and looking to take themselves to the other side of this moment of volatility and sort of comport themselves and carry their business that way. And I think that’s a reflection of advice we and certainly others have been giving to issuing clients.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So what we experienced in equities over the quarter was the negative consequence of the suspension by certain companies of dividends, mostly in Europe and so it had a European tilt to it relative to other geographies. I wouldn’t call this out as being material. I am not in a position to callout the precision of its impact, but I would say that there were certain industries that were subject to kind of an outright suspension of dividends, there were others in the context of the circumstances of the virus that we are unable to convene AGMs and as a consequence could not declare dividend. Obviously, we facilitate client flows that trade and dividends, it’s a bigger business in Europe than elsewhere and the consequence of those suspensions was a negative impact to overall revenue in that business, but nothing that I would call out as being material.
Stephen Scherr: No, no, I was just going to comment that, I can speak to the trend that we saw in the quarter and David can offer some further comment of what we are seeing in the beginning of the second to the extent that sustains itself. But while David rightly pointed out that the quarter was on one hand January and February and then on the other hand March. In March, we saw very high volumes through our sales and trading businesses and took advantage of that at wider bid offer spreads. I would also point out that and particularly using marquee and some of our electronic platforms we were engaging in very large portfolio trades on behalf of clients. And I think those electronic platforms were busy and were useful, particularly because it’s not just we who are at a work from home posture, but equally clients were. And so these digital platforms across geographies proved to be quite useful and it proved to be a positive consequence to the overall P&L and certainly to the business of sales and trading. To the extent that continues to play forward one could assume you would see the very same phenomenon, but that’s difficult obviously to project.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So Brennan, let me just – let me directly address your question on kind of process and what we go through. So we obviously have an independent risk group that assigns and works with controllers to an economic scenario that serves as a backdrop that influences the direction they take as they look name by name through both the equity and the credit portfolio. And so it is an input it is not a formula if you will that sort of bleeds out a percentage that’s applied to the whole. Each name is reviewed in the portfolio. It’s done by an independent risk group and that independent risk group uses as an input a macroeconomic backdrop that they assemble. There is no question that the Goldman Sachs Research Group is an input to that, but what puts out is not the sole determination. The independent risk group goes about establishing their perspective, their backdrop with that as an input, but not exclusive. And so that gives rise obviously to an environment against which our controllers approach every position in the book and ascribe an appropriate mark or reserve against it. And that’s the process that we take. And the question you asked about the mark on our fair value debt and lending portfolio, I would just draw very big distinction between marks taken on that versus provisions, obviously, very different accounting regime depending upon the nature of the portfolio itself. I would also be very reluctant to try to ascribe a single percentage to the entire book because the duration on that book is very different meaning it runs a gamut. And so you need to be quite careful in the context of how you market. And so I just offer you that detail just to be super clear about the process we run.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So, your observation was the right one, which is average balances were up, end of period was lower and so just to avoid any confusion than that. I would say that there is nothing when we look out over the client base in prime that’s to be called out as any particular category of client was challenged anymore than the other, meaning I think all of them whether it was quants, hedge funds and the like, all kind of were performing without any particular issue to be called out as against one or the other. I would say, it’s a general observation that de-leveraging among that client base was less significant than perhaps one might imagine from the outside looking in, but again no particular issue and this is a business that remains strategically important to us as we continue to go forward.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So as I’ve said in the past and I sense from your own question, net interest income is roughly 15% of the firm’s overall revenues and so it’s not near the driver that it is for some of the larger big commercial banks. I think that if you look at where rate moves are and where interest rates have come, it probably plays more favorably to us in the context of funding. And I would point out that again apropos the answer I gave to the question on deposits as we continue to shift our funding mix with greater proportionality given to retail deposits and a bigger broader consumer business that will build, it will become less rate reliance. Rates will come down in that regard. And so our expectation is that this will play favorably to us more from a funding point of view than anything else, but it is not a big driver in the overall composition of firm-wide revenue.
Stephen Scherr: Well, it would be hard to get, I mean shy of handing you a sheet which had every company and every industry. It would be hard to do that. I will just come back to the commentary I made before, which is $19 billion of private equity positions, two-thirds of that portfolio in the context of our look and evaluation of their operating performance continued to perform well. Now that doesn’t necessarily lead to the conclusion that they will continue or that number doesn’t come down, but in the quarter, they performed well. About 20% of them were directly impacted by the virus. We saw it in the operations of that business and then the balance obviously has been harvested roughly 15% producing the gains that we saw. And so it’s the EBITDA performance of individual portfolio companies that really lays on and guides the direction that price action is allocated to those names. And so we think that we have invested in companies that have the capability as the going in investment thesis to sort of whether a variety of different economic environments. And I think the portfolio is obviously intended to hold up that well that way, but it’s not immune by any means from broader macroeconomic circumstances and the marks will reflect the sort of assessment of performance as we move through uncertain quarters.
Stephen Scherr: No, this is an excellent question. I appreciate you asking it. On one hand as David and I have said now many times on this call, part of the purposeful inflation of balance sheet and by extension risk weighted assets was in the utility of serving our clients and the history of this firm strategically has been for that to happen meaning balance sheet moves, because client demand is there. The counter to that is that from a prudent risk management prospective we set boundaries for ourselves as to sort of what the consequence and tolerable consequence of that should be on capital. And so we are obviously well north of where we would otherwise be invading buffers and so we have got flexibility in that regard and we equally need to be mindful of what the forward calendar maybe with respect to CCAR and SCB on the forward, but it’s in the context of that, that we will be prudent in the expansion of balance sheet and risk-weighted assets mindful of where we think it’s appropriate for us to be from a capital point of view again given the fluid and attending guidepost that the regulatory issues will have for us. And so that push and pull continues, but we feel quite comfortable with where we are and with our ability to continue to put balance sheet in deployment at the service of our clients.
Stephen Scherr: Okay. Since we – there are no further questions, I would like to take a moment just to thank everybody for joining the call. On behalf of our senior management team, we look forward to speaking with many of you in the coming weeks and months. We obviously wish you all well in the context of this environment. If there are any additional questions that arise in the meantime, please don’t hesitate to reach out to Heather. Otherwise, please stay safe and we look forward to speaking with you on our second quarter call in July.
David Solomon: Sure. Thanks, Christian. I will start and Stephen might jump in. We have been – two parts of your question in my mind, the first is we have been very committed, this management team over the last 18 months, to running the diversified fixed income business at a point in time where the ability to differentiate in the intermediation part of that business was harder. We were in a very low volatility environment for a long period of time. You have seen us stay committed to a diverse business, where in some years some businesses do well, some businesses do poorly, but we really as we have reoriented the client focus of the organization, we believe that a full service platform would, through cycles, payoff for us. We have spent a lot of time really thinking about the way we connect with clients and the way we are servicing clients and trying to make that business over the last year less transaction-oriented and more client-oriented. Those investments based on the feedback we have and data we have having nothing to do with COVID have borne progress over the course of the last year, from a market share perspective both on an objective basis and also from a subjective feedback we are getting from our clients. In this quarter, you saw all people that operate the intermediation businesses benefit from higher volatility and more client activity. I am watching all the reporting of the other banks as you are. We think we benefited meaningfully from that because of the way we have invested in that business and we are well-positioned. How it continues going forward will depend on the environment and what the environment brings. In an environment that continues to have more elevated volatility and more changes in risk patterns for our clients, I think our franchise will continue to benefit. In terms of capital allocation, I think we have got the right amount of capital in that business, but look, you saw the operating leverage in that business when you look at the returns in that business based on how we are operating now. So again, we have always thought about through the cycle. I think our team performed very, very well in this business. I am glad we have stayed in the broad array of businesses given the environment that we are now in, but you will only be able to judge whether we have got the capital right and we stay zealously focused on this as we continue to run through the cycle. But we have no plans to change the capital allocation at the moment, other than to try to accommodate clients we grew risk weighted assets in the business which obviously attracts capital. We will continue to do that if it’s attractive and it supports our clients.
David Solomon: The only other thing Christian I would add is that we have also been making significant investments in technology platforms to better serve our clients in this business and we saw a real benefit especially with everybody working remote on our technology connectivity and our platforms. And we think that’s an investment that has paid off.
David Solomon: Sure, Michael. I mean, I will take a stab at talking a little bit about that. First in the investment banking business, the advisory business is always a lag. So we have a backlog of M&A deals that were struck earlier. Many of them will continue to close. That will bring some revenue into the second quarter. But as we go longer and we continue to be in an environment where there is very, very low confidence obviously as you witnessed over the last few weeks, there has been very little new M&A activity that’s been initiated. During the time of low confidence, I would expect that to continue. So over time, the velocity of revenue accrual on the M&A side will slow until we get to a period of higher confidence. With respect to the financing side of the investment banking business, you have obviously seen in the last few weeks record levels of investment grade issuance, one record week after another and so debt financing has been very strong. You have seen some equity issuance and certainly with more stability in equity markets or companies are trying to bolster their balance sheet, bolster their liquidity and position themselves to ride out what maybe a longer period of economic contraction. That actually should accrue to our benefit in that business, because I think we are well positioned to capture our fair share of providing that liquidity and financing support. In the trading businesses in the early part of the quarter, we have seen heightened level of activity in the early part of the quarter. There is no guarantee obviously that continues as we go through the quarter, but in the early part of the quarter, we have seen our investing clients continue to be very, very active. I think we are going through a period – we were going through March period of significant de-risking. We have now been going through a period of repositioning. So our clients have been active. As you point out, it’s very hard to say what that’s going to look like 2, 3 months from now, but that’s the view I give you at the moment.
David Solomon: So, thanks, Mike. I will start, Stephen might join in, but you are asking a multi-layered question. So on the first part of the question, there is no question that the response, the fiscal and monetary response is going to have a simulative effect, there is no question. When we come out of this and I am not making a prediction of when we will come out of it, but when we come out of it, it will have a stimulative effect versus a scenario where it didn’t exist. The question that’s so hard to answer and in my conversations with clients on having it constantly, we have to rebuild confidence in people’s security and safety around the virus. We can all have economic forecast and we can all talk about the economic consequence of this, but unless people feel safe and secured and confident around the virus, the economic impact will continue in some way, shape or form. That is a very, very hard thing to predict. So I tried to encourage companies that we have talked to and individuals for that matter to hope for the better, but plan for the worst. And so certainly I think if you are trying to prepare for an economic environment, you have to view something that is a slower economic recovery as you come out of this. And look even if you look at the Goldman Sachs scenario was a very steep decline with a sharp increase in the second and third quarter they are still only predicting a 50% recovery of the output that was lost. So, I think for anybody operating a business you have to be planning on an assumption that we are going to be operating in a recession through 2020 into 2021 and you have to plan accordingly. Will the monetary policy and fiscal policy be a benefit to the positive of what that trajectory looks like in the third, fourth quarter and into the first half of next year? Yes, but it’s very hard to quantify what that will be, because the uncertainty around the course that the virus will take and how it will affect human behavior is still very uncertain and anyone who is telling you they are sure that it will look like this or they are sure that it will look that, I don’t think anybody is sure. And so I think this will be a gradual path. And as we have more information we will be able to better evaluate. What we are trying to do is ensure that in our organization where risk managing and provisioning appropriately as we can based on the information we can looking forward with that kind of a mindset.
David Solomon: Look, we are actively – we are focused on helping our clients across the organization. If you look at investment grade, you take an investment grade which has been very, very obvious and transparent. We picked up significant share over the course of the last four weeks. And so we think we are well-positioned to capture share. We are going to do it with prudent and a long-term view of our client franchise. And so we are long-term investors on our client franchise we always have been. There isn’t an institution that does not have to make certain choices around how it allocates its capital at a time like this. We think we are good at that. We think we are nimble. But of course, we are going to lean into our client relationships and take a long-term view.
David Solomon: I don’t have anything really to add. I think we have kind of covered this. The first part of the quarter, things were going well on the trading business as the customer activity of the trading business has accelerated in March and it’s continued to remain just in the first 2 weeks higher than what we would have seen as an average level of activity before the crisis.
David Solomon: Okay. So, Brennan, I am going to start and then I will pass to Steven to talk about the provision stuff, but first, we are mixing certain things. I was asked a question about advice to clients and I am going to be a little bit more specific in my words. We all understand that a recession is two quarters in a row of economic decline. Okay, and if we looked at the Goldman Sachs scenario that would say there would be a recession in the first and second quarter, but we would then have economic growth in the third and fourth quarter that wouldn’t technically be a recession. However, if you are advising clients and you took the Goldman Sachs economic model that said that you only recovered 50% of the output that you lost and the decline in output during the first and second quarter. And so if you are giving someone an advice about how to position the business even though technically we wouldn’t be in a recession as you got to the end of the year in early 2021, we would not have recovered the output that had decline. And so certainly if you are operating a lot of these businesses, it’s still going to feel like you are operating in recession. And so the advice to clients is to think about when you get your business back to where it was and that obviously takes a longer time. That’s client advice. That has nothing to do at all with how we model or think about our provisioning. And I will let Stephen go talk about that a little bit more.
David Solomon: Yes. So, Devin I would say a couple of things on that first the engagement level with clients is extremely high, extremely high across the organization. And this is a different kind of recession. We were operating in economy that was really operating quite well with functionally fine and we turned it off with a sudden demand shock and that’s kind of unprecedented and it’s also unprecedented in that or it’s uncertain in exactly how it turns back on and what the path of that is. And so I can see a lot of scenarios as there is a clear understanding of the trajectory of the virus and how the virus is going to affect kind of the reengagement economically of businesses across the economy that there will be an opportunity for more consolidation or some activity in a whole variety of industries that probably wouldn’t have been anticipated had the economy just kept chugging along. So I am not going to predict that. But I would say engagement is high and I could certainly see that if we got to a place where the virus seemed under control and confidence was building, I think that level of engagement could potentially pickup quite quickly.
