David Solomon: Sure, Glenn, and appreciate the question. And so we'll keep it high level and let's separate into what we've got and then we can have a separate discussion about Basel III. But first, we are simplifying the firm and kind of managing the firm to drive us toward the overwhelming majority of the firm to be in two core businesses, our Global Banking & Markets franchise, which is performing very well in an environment that's not a great environment for that business. Investment Banking activities are well below 10-year norms. I don't think that will stay that way. But if you look at the performance of the business through nine months, that business, which is kind of 7% of the firm, that is two-thirds to 70% of the firm, that business is operating with a 13.4% ROE and an environment that's not the best environment for that overall business. I can't tell you when the environment will get better, but I do believe that the capital markets and banking environment will improve in the coming years. History tells us that it doesn't stay short -- it doesn't stay closed for multiple years at a time. There is an adjustment. We're making the adjustment. Yes, the world's uncertain. As we mentioned, that could be a headwind. But I do think it will improve. And that business performs well. And we firmly believe that, that business is a mid-teens through the cycle business, the way we've materially grown our wallet shares, the way we've grown our financing footprint, which adds more balance to the business and with our market-leading franchises across that business. Second, we have the Asset & Wealth Management business, which we believe is mid-teens or higher returns as we reduce the historical principal and make it a lower capital business. We're on that journey. I think you see us making progress. We've talked about how we've reduced the historical principal businesses -- the historical principal investments by $9 billion this year. We set a target for $15 billion by next year, which we'll meet and then close to zero two years later. And so that business, we have a high degree of confidence we'll operate at mid-teens or higher as we reposition it. As we've also stated, we're reducing the drag in our platforms. We're narrowing the platforms and reducing the drag. And we're relatively confident that over the next 12 to 24 months, we'll make materially more progress in that. So you add that up with what we have and I think you can get very comfortable with the mid-teens target. Now, the Basel rules. The Basel rules, if they were implemented as they're position now would be a headwind to that but also that doesn't account for how we optimize and how we pass through pricing. We've seen things before. I'm not to saying it won't be a headwind, but I don't want to speculate on what it would do to our targets until we actually understand how it's coming through and what we can do across our businesses to appropriately manage it. So we continue to be very optimistic about our view to deliver meaningfully higher returns to our shareholders. And when there's more clarity on Basel, we're committed to giving you a clear picture of that view. But I wouldn't jump to a conclusion on it at this point. I'm not saying you are. I wouldn't jump to a conclusion on it at this point.
David Solomon: Yes. Glenn, as I listened to you play it back, what I'd say, US economy has been more resilient. The fiscal stimulus has helped mute the material tightening of monetary conditions that's occurred. I'm still of the belief that there's been a lag with this tightening and across a broad swath of the economy, we will see more sluggishness. Now that doesn't necessarily mean it has to be a recession, and certainly, there's a good debate on where this all lands. But we, again, in the past quarter materially tightened economic conditions. And I just think there's a lag in most sectors of the economy, not all, but most sectors of the economy. And I do think over the next two to four quarters, the impact of that tightening will be more evident and will create slowdowns in some areas. I am hearing as I interact with CEOs, particularly around consumer businesses, some softness, particularly in the last eight weeks in certain consumer behaviors. I don't want to over-amplify that because I think the economy and the consumer has been more resilient. But I think that gear from watching closely.
David Solomon: Sure. So in our Global Banking & Markets franchise, we still believe that we have opportunities with our focus on our execution to continue to grow our wallet share. We expanded our focus from the top 100 accounts to the top 150 accounts, and we also are expanding the granularity that we look at our accounts from the position of one, two or three as opposed to just top three. And so we still do see some wallet share opportunities but we obviously have a very strong wallet share. So that's not most significant. We are growing our financing for our Global Banking & Markets franchise, and we expect to continue to grow that financing footprint, and we have a plan to continue to put more financial resources toward growing that financing footprint. And we do think that it has reasonable returns. And it also creates a virtuous cycle for our client franchise in terms of our overall wallet share because we're a significant financer with them. When you turn to Asset & Wealth Management, I think we've been very clear at our Investor Day, and Mark stated this, that we think we can grow the revenues in that business by high single-digits. That is driven by our continued growth in management fees over time and the continued growth in the wealth management sector, where we are experiencing good growth, and we still see good opportunities in Wealth Management to grow the franchise all over the world. And we've made continued progress on that journey. When you talk about private credit, we have, as you know, over $100 billion of private credit. We've launched private credit vehicles. We obviously have a very powerful ecosystem when you look at Global Banking & Markets. And what we do with financing, which we think can also be an Asset & Wealth Management opportunity for growth in private credit, but we would expect significant opportunity for the growth in private credit as a part of the overall growth of our Asset & Wealth Management franchise. So those are a handful of things I'd highlight at this point.
David Solomon: Sure, Christian. I appreciate it. I mean, I'm going to talk very high level because, again, this is all fluid. But obviously, if these rules went in place the way they're proposed, they would have an effect of the businesses. But it's different from business to business. There are certain activities that would meaningfully impact end users, whether they're corporates or individuals where it would be obvious that you'd pass on cost. A corporation that wants to hedge and comes to us and we sit opposite in an uncollateralized derivative. I can't imagine that their desire to hedge won't still continue even if the cost of that hedge is higher. Obviously, it's some balance, they would think about that differently. There are certain businesses where we might reduce our activity level because with the new Basel rules, the terms don't look attractive. But there are others, and one I'd point to that's most obvious, which by the way, a significant part of the impact to us would be is prime, okay? There aren't a lot of alternatives for big institutions in the prime business. There are very few in Europe, a little bit, and obviously, the Europeans, if this was implemented this way, would have an advantage. But at the end of the day, there are a handful of scale players. There are lots of scale institutions that need that service. Our belief is we'd be able to optimize and pass on pricing in a reasonable way. We'd have to look at the final rules. We'd have to adjust. So it will affect behavior. It will affect pricing. It will affect optimization. But I know everybody wants to jump to the clear answer, I think you need to see the rules, and then institutions and end users need to adapt to the new reality, whatever it is. And it's not binary that it only affects us or others in the industry that are obviously be a process of working through that, as we have in the past.
David Solomon: Okay. So putting it in perspective, I think it's important to highlight that we don't think the things that we're highlighting continue in perpetuity. We're trying to narrow the focus and when we look at our Global Banking & Markets business and our Asset & Wealth Management platform, we think we have the right target. Now back to your point, Steve, about competition. The competition for talent, especially the best talent, remains very, very strong. And so we think we've got a very, very good talent ecosystem. I feel good about the hiring we're doing. I'd just highlight that for our analyst jobs out of university, we had 260,000 applications for approximately 2,600 jobs. There are over 1 million applications for employment at Goldman Sachs last year. Very, very aspirational and desirous place to work, but the competition for talent remains high. And so we'll strike the right balance and making an investment in our talent. You heard Denis talk about some of our efficiencies and the fact that the efficiencies allow us to make a reinvestment in some of our best talent. We feel good about where we are, but we also believe that as we continue to execute on our strategy, which narrows our focus and keeps us focused on our two core businesses of Global Banking & Markets and Asset & Wealth Management, that the efficiency ratio target that we're hiring -- that we're highlighting over the next few years is a reasonable target.
David Solomon: Sure. So that broadly defined sponsor community, Steven, which really is the broad alternatives world, private capital world, the first thing I'd just say is we believe strongly that there's still a very, very long-term secular growth trend that is intact and will continue. I think there's some very, very interesting macro dynamics. I believe there's over $70 trillion of assets held by baby boomers that sometime in the next 20 years either will be passed on to a younger generation for aggressive investment, will go to taxes or will go to charitable foundations, by the way, charitable foundations who also invest. So there's a very, very strong dynamic of good flows and a shift, especially given the size of the public markets into private asset classes. And so we believe that's firmly intact. There's no question that the capital raising environment is more muted than it's been. I would say it was extraordinarily robust in 2020 and 2021 and very, very robust in an environment where monetary policy was incredibly accommodated. But there's no question that all of this investing can be successful as new vintages and a new reset environment are opened up even if rates are higher and they operate higher. The one thing I know about the sponsor community is they generally make money by selling assets, and the sponsor community owns an enormous portfolio of businesses, and they also make money when they buy new assets. They obviously have to buy new assets at different valuations with different financing costs now. And what I'd say is for the last six quarters, the last 1.5 years, that community has been very quiet. In our dialogue, they are starting to see more interesting opportunities. And I would expect in the next 12 to 24 months, the level of activity in the sponsor community will increase again, both in terms of sales. It's one of the reasons why I'm optimistic on capital markets and our advisory activities look forward over the course of the next four to eight quarters but also in terms of new purchases. I'm not suggesting that it will go back to where it was in 2021. That would not be the norm, but if you look at kind of 10-year historical averages and the percentage of investment banking activity, the sponsor activity would make up, I would expect that you'll see it go back to those averages. And at the moment, we're well below those averages at the current point in time.
David Solomon: Well, I think we've given you a bunch of transparency, Mike, just looking at this. But if you look at what created a drag to ROE this quarter, 75% of the drag to ROE this quarter were the impairments and the rough [indiscernible] on the historical principal investments. And if you look over the last few quarters, the most significant impact on ROE performance has been the historical principal investments. Now also, there were benefits from those historical principal investments historically. But in this environment, obviously, you don't see that. We think it's a better business to release that capital and run a fund business, a lower capital fund business, and so we're driving that. I think earlier in the call, we talked about the through-the-cycle performance of the banking and markets business. You can see the banking and markets ROE right now and also the forward ROE of the Asset & Wealth Management business with less capital in it. The drag from the platforms is getting smaller. And over the next 12 to 24 months, it will get smaller, too, hopefully eradicated. And so that will give you a cleaner ROE that we continue to believe can be mid-teens through the cycle.
David Solomon: Yes. So I think Denis highlighted this in the prepared remarks. We've built a pretty big cushion and buffer, given that we successfully reduced our SCD based on actions we're taking. We think that under the stress test, as we continue to reduce principal investments, we will have more benefit to SCD. Now obviously, Basel is out there and it's uncertain, so we're, at the moment, operating a little bit more conservatively around that, and we've highlighted that we probably will be a little bit more conservative on buybacks until we have more clarity. But we will continue to buy back stock. We will continue to pay our dividend. And as we have clarity under this strategy, there should be meaningfully more capital release, which could ultimately benefit to further buyback. But at the moment, we'd like -- we're going to be a little bit more cautious and have a little bit more clarity around the capital rules before we flow ahead.
David Solomon: Look, I think the intermediation activity for large institutions and corporations and governments around the world continues. The growth of the government in the world continues. The market capital world continues to grow and expand. I can't and I won't speculate on exactly where the final Basel rules wind up and how everyone optimizes through all that, but I don't think anything is changing in intermediation. And the need to finance the positions and the activities of so many of our clients is growing. And so I continue to think for leading players that have scale and global footprint and are in a leading position in these markets businesses, I think they're very well positioned in these market businesses. Of course, there will be ups and downs in those businesses. But I think the businesses will continue to perform very, very well.
David Solomon: Yes. So I appreciate that question, Devin. Our focus is on ultra-high net worth management where we have a leading franchise. I just highlight that ultra-high net worth management -- high net worth wealth management is still a very fragmented business. And while we have a leading franchise, leading franchise is kind of mid-single-digit share and we have less share than that in places like Europe around the world. We've seen really good growth in Europe. We see continued growth in the US. We have an ability as we put more resources on the ground and invest in more resources to cover clients to continue to grow that business. We've seen good growth over the last five years. I think we have neat run rate room to do that. One of the decisions we made, and again, this is on focus and kind of a lesson learned is by selling United Capital and selling PFM, which was a small business, as you highlight, it allows us to take the resources and the investment we might have geared towards growing that and add it to our investment in ultra-high net worth growth. And we think that's a better returning business and something we're very confident that we can continue to execute on.
David Solomon: Sure. In traditional investment banking services, we have leading share with sponsors across M&A and leveraged finance. These capital facilities are key to the way they operate their business. And while we've been in the business of capital facilities, it is an area of growth for us, an area of lending growth for us. One of the things that was interesting about these portfolios is the portfolios bring a series of new clients to us where we haven't been a lender and we haven't been engaged in this activity, and it gives us an attachment to them. So this was an opportunity to expand an activity that we run meaningfully. Again, I made this comment when we were talking about the Global Banking & Markets business, financing your clients strengthens your overall position with them because the financing is important to them. And so as we continue to finance sponsors, I think it strengthens ready, very strong position with the sponsor community.
David Solomon: Yes. I mean, I appreciate the question, Gerard. I think absolutely, they're easier. And if you look at a handful of the companies that have gone public, you can look at their private market valuations two years ago versus the valuation now. But I don't think those discussions are difficult. I think those discussions have a real sense of realism in them. And I think there are a number of companies that recognize the new environment and are focused on what they have to do to enhance themselves strategically.
Denis Coleman: Sure. So, yes, to clarify, for our CRE and CIE exposure in the office space, we've either marked or impaired that down by about approximately 50% this year. So that's -- I think that's quite significant. We started the year with about $15 billion of CRE alternative investments. That's been reduced now by about $5 billion. 3/4 of that was either through paydowns or dispositions, the balance through marks and impairments. So we're making very, very significant progress against those exposures. If you were to look at the same set of exposures in non-office, the adjustment there through marks, our impairment is about 15% year-to-date. So we feel we've reduced a lot of notional appropriately reflected the valuations in those positions. But as indicated by our targets, we intend to continue to move down those exposures.
Denis Coleman: Sure. What I'd add is we obviously remain very focused on the overall credit quality of the portfolio. A couple of things to bear in mind. In Consumer, the net charge-off ratio for the quarter was 5.1%, down from 5.8% last quarter and the total dollar amount of charge-offs down as well. You'll also see that our coverage ratio now stands at 13.3%, which we think is an appropriate level, given our expectations for the portfolio. That adjustment is basically a function of GreenSky being removed from that ratio. And so now that applies to the cards portfolio, but we feel good about where that stands right now. On the overall performance of credit on the forward, we'll continue to be focused. We made a number of adjustments to our credit underwriting box, and we'll continue to monitor that as we move through the economic environment.
Denis Coleman: So in terms of third quarter, it was very, very small. We previously disclosed $260 million of severance so there's a small amount of severance in the quarter. We just think it's important to continue to call that out and highlight it so you can track that over the course of the year. That obviously rolls into our overall ratio in terms of what we're thinking for the full year. And we made the adjustment to the comp ratio in the third quarter based on what our expectations are for year-end performance as well as what we expect to pay our people. And we're looking in top composition this being mindful that we continue to pay for performance, but also recognizing, in particular, across our core businesses, we have leading market shares in Global Banking & Markets, record year-to-date financing activity, record management fees year-to-date, record private banking and lending activities year-to-date. And these are the bedrocks of our business for the foreseeable future. And we think it's important that we continue to recognize and retain the talent associated with those businesses that are going to unlock our mid-teens returns in the future.
Denis Coleman: Sure. So I made a comment earlier. If you look at aggregate CRE-related on-balance sheet investments and you look across asset classes like loans, debt securities, equity securities, and remaining exposure of equity in our CIE portfolio, that, in aggregate, now stands at a little bit under $10 billion, $9.7 billion and down already $5 billion year-to-date. There are portions of some of those exposures that relate to our firm-wide activities, our CRA obligations and some co-invest exposures. If you look at the -- in aggregate, about 43% of the CRE on-balance sheet investments is HPI, and that's what we're looking to sell down over time.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thank you for the question. I don't think it's the right run rate. I think there's a combination of things that we expect over the next 12 months in terms of growth in revenue, composition of the clients as well as ongoing efficiency with respect to expenses. So I think we should be outperforming any type of run rate analysis. I think on Transaction Banking, we've tried to explain the strategic focus for us for that business, which is to grow a higher-quality client business over the long term. We had grown quickly. We're now focused on growing with high-quality clients, high-quality deposits. As you note, the revenues and the deposit balances were down slightly sequentially, I think, reasonably in line with the industry, given some migration to other higher-yielding opportunity sets. But we did grow our client count. We remain committed to the business and we think that it works very well with our overall Investment Banking franchise and footprint, and we think it could be a good value unlock over the longer term for Goldman Sachs.
Denis Coleman: So on the alternative space, our fundraising activity, $15 billion in the quarter, $40 billion year-to-date has been broad-based. We have a broad-based platform. We have mentioned the secondaries fund. David covered some of the private credit spaces. These are big areas of interest for our clients around the world. They're particularly relevant. We expect to continue to invest in those platforms as well as across the platform more broadly. Incentive fees come through as we get to the end of funds, we're in a position to start to distribute carry. So incentive fees will be lumpy. It will depend on the performance of different funds, but we expect that there will be more incentive fees next year and beyond. When we laid out at Investor Day the building blocks for our performance in the segment, we put on the page, not only the top line target information that David covered earlier, but also estimated incentive fees sort of on an annual basis. So I think that's a source of upside for us.
Denis Coleman: And Gerard, I'd just add, it's actually especially helpful to have numerous real data points in market, both space for equities and across the leveraged finance space. So the conversations that we're having with our clients now who are looking to access the markets. They're informed by our leading role in insights into most of the activity that's been accomplished in the last several weeks. And so I think that is an incremental source of our optimism that we have those data points and that insight to share with clients and advise them on how and when they can get to market and what types of terms and pricing.
Denis Coleman: Sure. No. Thanks, Gerard. Our Transaction Banking activity remains a strategic focus. The revenues and the deposit balances are down slightly on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Those things are linked. We have grown our client count, and we remain committed to making the investments to grow high-quality balances and clients in that business over the medium to long term. No change in strategy.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thanks, Saul. So just a couple of things on glide path to help with the question in the context. So rate of growth is important in a business like this that's been growing very, very quickly and obviously taking provisions in line with CECL. We expect the growth rate for that activity has been slowing and could slow further, and that has some positive impacts. And then as David mentioned, we made a strategic hire of a very seasoned industry professional. I mean, we're working very, very closely with him on the overall operations of our platform. We remain in discussions with our card partners and working carefully to improve the overall efficiency for the platforms for our clients and for Goldman Sachs. I think it's a combination of the way we're going to grow on the forward combined with we manage the expense and the operating efficiency.
Denis Coleman: So you have a couple of facts that are right. We did have a charge-off ratio that was down sequentially quarter-over-quarter from 5.8 to 5.1 and lower charge-offs. We are not necessarily predicting that's the ongoing path for credit in the consumer portfolio. It's something we're still mindful of, given the environment, given the vintages in which we've originated those exposures. We do feel that the coverage ratio at 13.3 is appropriate, and we obviously set that based on our expected life of loan losses. So as we move forward, our expectation is we'll continue to see elevated charge-offs. And as you look at our reporting on that with GreenSky pulled out of the consumer line, you'll have a more pure look at the cards platform, and we do expect that will show elevated charge-offs.
Denis Coleman: No. Mike, I think when we started talking about the reduction of our historical principal investments over time, we gave a number of about $9 billion of capital release for the entire portfolio. So I don't think -- I'd be happy to get on with you and sort of work through your numbers, but I don't think we have $16 billion incremental on the forward, significantly less than that.
Denis Coleman: I mean, on a year-to-date basis, based on the activity that we've undertaken, that's a release of about $2 billion, to give you a sense. So we probably have remaining mid-single digits.
Denis Coleman: So we obviously have to include it for the purpose of the comp ratio accrual. We do think of them as more onetime in nature. We, as you know, did a headcount reduction earlier in this year. That's not our current expectation to repeat that. If anything, we think that the work we've done to right-size the firm is something that puts us in a position to now make more selective investments in our headcount on the forward. So we don't expect that type of severance to repeat itself. And we are taking into account as we set the compensation ratio, that severance payments is obviously not available to pay those employees that remain with the firm. We're very focused on pertaining to continue to drive the franchise.
