David Viniar: Well, the way you ask the question, Glenn, is there a chance that some things in Investing and Lending aren't permitted, the answer is yes. There's a chance that some things in Investing and Lending aren't permitted. We don't know what the rules are going to be yet. The report came out last night. We're still just going through it. So it's hard for me to give you a more definitive answer on the question. I mean, there's a lot of things in that segment that are basic lending to our clients. Some of our funds do nothing other than lend to our clients, some of it is investing alongside. And in our clients, which of those things are not going to be permitted? We're just not sure.
David Viniar: You're certainly going to get assets by the new business segments, and you're going to get P&L by the new business segments.
David Viniar: If we had it, for sure. If we had it in a form that I was sure it wouldn't change, I'd give it to you. We'll try and get there in the future, but we're not there yet.
David Viniar: It's really, honestly, it's a question of opportunities. We're not artificially holding that down. We just have not seen the opportunities to do things that would increase the leverage. If we see them, given the amount of capital we have, given the amount of liquidity we have, we would take advantage of them.
David Viniar: Let me do it in reverse order. The muni market, it's just not that big a part of our business. So it wasn't a positive for us, but it was a very immaterial negative to the firm. Look, it was really customer activity levels more than anything else. And while you know I don't like to talk about one month or another month, clearly, in the month of December, things were just dead. There was just very little activity.
David Viniar: There's two things in there. We're going to have to get back to you with the exact breakdown. One, you know we mark everything to market. We mark our loans to market. So if we lend to someone and their spreads widen, we mark them down. If their spreads narrow, we mark them up, because we mark everything we have to market, loans, loan commitments. Everything is mark-to-market at Goldman Sachs. So that mark-to-market is in there, and interest income is in there as well. So we lend to people. They pay us interest, and that revenue is in there as well. So those two things are both in there on the debt securities side.
David Viniar: Anything that you would consider prop trading would be in the other line in Investing and Lending. And most of that line is our consolidated investment entities, which really are revenues which we have to take because of the accounting and they're really largely offset by expenses. So anything that you would consider as prop trading would be within the other, and it would not be the bulk of other.
David Viniar: Well, it's not heavily concentrated. It's quite broad. I would tell you it was roughly equal between public securities and private securities, and I mean, I have to get back to you on the private securities, how much was realized and how much wasn't. That I don't have off hand.
David Viniar: Across the full year, the competitive landscape got much tougher. And this was not a surprise, and we talked about it in the past. Certainly, in the early part of 2009, our competitors were hurt probably more than we were financially, were much less willing to commit risk capital on behalf of clients than we were. We picked up quite a lot of market share. I think we've told you through last year, we did not expect that, that market share would stay. I think we've kept a small amount of it, but our competitors are stronger financially.
David Viniar: I think it's just too early for me to give you much. A whole big report came out last night, yesterday afternoon, we're still reading through it. And as we understand it better, we'll get back to you on it.
David Viniar: I think we are -- we're going to see how the world unfolds. We're going to get -- see how the rules are ultimately written, and then we'll see how that all plays out with our capital ratios. If we remain this elevated, hopefully, we'll find -- our number one choice would be to find opportunities to use the capital profitably. And if not, we will probably give some more back.
David Viniar: Yes, it was pretty small. There was about $120 million loss and about, I think, three quarters of that was in FICC.
David Viniar: I would actually say it a little differently. Most of the investing we have done over time has been through funds. There's been some on our balance sheet but most of it has been through funds. I think one thing we know the rules do, it limits the percentage we can have in the funds to 3%. We have traditionally had more than that in the funds. We're going to have to have smaller percentages than we've had in the past. We'll still have some money, so our clients will know that we're there. But I think the most important thing for our clients is that we are still going to use our franchise to find the opportunities which is what we've done in the past for the funds. And so I think the biggest difference is going to be we know we have to have a smaller percentage of our own capital in those funds going forward. Other than that, we expect we will operate similarly, using the franchise to help source opportunities for our clients with some small amount of coinvestment by the firm and the funds.
David Viniar: I think, over time, as long as we have sufficient capital ratios and a sufficiently robust capital plan going forward, we should be able to manage our capital prudently.
David Viniar: We have generally been tilted more towards buybacks than dividends. Not one at the exclusion of the other, but more tilted towards buybacks.
David Viniar: I think it was a factor in that the extent and, as you say, the violence of the move especially coming when it did as we were getting towards the end of the year, caused even more uncertainty and caused more clients to sit on the side and say, "Let's wait till the year-end. Let's see how things unfold and call me in January."
David Viniar: I didn't say we were in an unusually slow period. I said we had an unusually slow period in the quarter because they're different. And I think external events actually affect client philosophy a lot and client psychology and therefore, their willingness to take risk and their willingness to do things. I think some of the things that we saw over the course of the year when you had as you said, some concerns about regulation but also about Europe, about inflation, about many other things caused people to be very unsure. Even though we basically had a year where for the most part, asset prices kept going up, it was not a year where anyone felt confident asset prices were going to keep going up. And so I think that caused a lot of people to sit on the side line.
David Viniar: I think that there is more focus on cash products than derivative products right now partially because of the concern of uncertainty around regulation.
David Viniar: I always think the most important thing in growing ROE is growing the top line. That's what's going to drive the business over time. We're not going to cut expenses to being a successful firm over time. You might do it in a year, where we don't perform as well, we'll cut our comp. We've told you that. But, over time, what is going to drive the business at Goldman Sachs, what's going to drive the returns to our shareholders is growing our top line revenue.
David Viniar: I think what we need, really, is conviction on the part of our customers and clients, some more level of conviction and therefore, wanting to really be active in the markets.
David Viniar: It's a drag on our return. There is no question, having all of that liquidity is a drag on our return. As you heard me say, we think about everything in terms of risk and reward. And we think right now, the risk of having too much cash and having somewhat lower returns versus not having enough is very skewed towards having too much.
David Viniar: It's really across our inventory, but more of our inventory would be in FICC, some more of that would be affected.
David Viniar: Here's what I'd say: One, you always have to be careful when we talk about the backlog. We tell you what it is. Backlog is probability weighted revenues that we're going to get. But things like backlog is probably a reasonably good indicator when you're talking about merger deals, because they take a long time to go through backlog. It's not necessarily a good indicator on equity and fixed income because many of those come up quickly, get executed quickly. Many of those come up and get executed within the quarter. So it's not necessarily that good an indicator. But I think in a way, you answered much of your own question. There's still a lot of dialogue. I think in keeping with the answer I just gave, if there was more conviction, I think you'd see even more activity. So there's a lot of dialogues, some of which turns into deals, some of which doesn't. And I think the equity markets continued to be pretty good and pretty receptive, and the debt markets as well. So I think you'll see some more issuing activity, and I think you're going to see a lot of it coming out of Asia, as you've seen in the past.
David Viniar: I think you need final certainly around regulatory reform, some people feeling a little bit better about how things are going to unfold in peripheral Europe, and I think a little more confidence around inflation in the market. I think you're seeing, really, certainly in the U.S., pretty positive economic data. So I think if that continues, I think that will help as well.
David Viniar: I think there's still plenty of demand. If economic activity picks up, there will be plenty of demand for Underwriting.
David Viniar: Again, you answered it well. It's anybody's guess. You know I don't like to look forward. And 2 1/2 weeks don't tell you a whole lot. And I wouldn't say it's the best period we've ever seen, but it's sure a lot more active than December.
David Viniar: I would expect, subject to the economic environment not changing very dramatically. I would expect we will continue to grow our staff. And it will be more focused on the growth markets than anywhere else with some growth in other places as well.
David Viniar: I would say there's probably more focus on the Investment Management division than other places. But again, we would expect all the businesses to grow somewhat.
David Viniar: I would say somewhere in the mid-to-high single digits is what I would expect. But I'm almost certainly going to be wrong either high or low by the time we get to the end of the year. But as we sit here today, that's what I would tell you.
David Viniar: I'm sure the answer to that question is yes. We're going to have to get back to you. I don't have that breakdown with me right now. So we can get that to you though.
David Viniar: Because we're not doing our old reporting, I don't have that. But we can calculate it and get back to you. I'm going to guess, Mike, it would have been in the range of $2.5 billion, but we'll get you the exact number.
David Viniar: It's impossible for me to answer that question. I don't know why people were really sitting on the side line. There was a lot of uncertainty. I don't think most of it was due to structural changes. I think people are -- you've heard me say this before, I think when we're through with all the regulatory changes, people are still going to need the same things they needed before. So I don't think much of it was because of that, but it's hard for me to answer the question.
David Viniar: I think that there was so much uncertainty. Traditionally, things get slower at the end of the year. There was so much uncertainty in the macro environment, that it got even slower than usual. And as you get to the new year, people come back and are wanting to be more active.
David Viniar: It was right around there. Right around there, it's right around there pretty much for the whole year. I said mid-to-high 50s in the U.S., mid-to-low 40s outside the U.S., probably that being in the range of 60-40, Europe, Asia, outside U.S. And those changed by a few percent quarter-over-quarter. But it's not all that meaningful when I give you a couple of percent change, because you have a U.S. client doing an Asian acquisition or an Asian client do a U.S. equity offering or a global booking in foreign exchange that moves around the world. So those are the rough numbers. They haven't changed very much.
David Viniar: There is really nothing special there. You can see while there were net outflows, they were quite small. So there was nothing special in there.
David Viniar: No doubt that there's an increase in competition. And there's going to continue to be an increase in competition. I actually generally assume there will be an increase in competition in all of our businesses everywhere in the world, all the time. We had a multi-year start on our presence in China, along with one other firm. We knew other firms were going to get there, and think they're getting there now. And I think that will lead to more competition and likely, over time, it'll take a while, that will lead to lower margins. And I think generally what happens is as that happens though, it is offset by a dramatic increase in volumes. As their markets continue to grow, I think their capital markets will continue to grow. The growth rate in China is expected to be pretty high, and so I think the volume of activity will pick up many more times and decrease in margins.
David Viniar: I'll just leave it at we don't share their view. As you saw, they kept their ratings stable. Their most recent report on us talked about our risk management, our capital and all those other things. And our expectation is that our ratings will reflect our performance going forward.
David Viniar: Clearly, there have been some structural changes in certain parts of the market. The real question is are they permanent? Are they temporary? I don't happen to believe most things are permanent. When you look over time at financial markets, things get created. Sometimes they stay, sometimes they get out of fashion and other things get created to replace them. There's going to be a housing market in the United States. In order to have a housing market in the United States, you need mortgages and you need financing for those mortgages. That's not going to go away. Is it going to be the same type of securitizations that we saw in 2006 and 2007? Probably not for some period of time. I wouldn't say not forever but certainly, not for some period of time. But is there going to be something to replace them to allow that market to go on? Yes, there's going to be something. I don't know what's going to be yet. So it's a really tough question to answer. Some products that were in favor are now out of favor, and are likely to stay out of favor for at least some period of time, but other products will be developed to replace them
David Viniar: I don't want to overstate it. We're two weeks into the quarter, so anything can happen. All I can tell you is there has been a pickup from the fourth quarter to the first quarter so far. It could change.
David Viniar: I think there's just been a pickup of activity everywhere but again, it's just two weeks. I don't want to overstate that.
David Viniar: I think there are still a lot of concerns about what the ultimate resolution is going to be in Europe. I think that's one of the things that's weighing on people's conviction. I think it's one of the things that weighed on activity throughout the entire 2010.
David Viniar: There's two things I would say. We don't target a ratio. You've heard me say this before. We pay our people fairly based on their performance, based on the firm's performance, the individual performance. And again, I'm going to say, some of you have heard me say before, we look at compensation based on our performance, the competitive environment, the external environment. We take all those things in consideration, and we paid what we paid this year, I can't tell you what it's going to be next year.
David Viniar: I'm not sure there's going to be that much of an increase going forward versus where we've been. We've always used a lot of equity. It's always been pretty high.
David Viniar: Two things I'd say, Steve: First of all, I talked about the fact that a reasonable amount of that is expected to be in the growth markets. That's investment for the long-term. We think it's important for the long-term success of the firm. It might not result in revenues very quickly, but we think over time, it will be the best thing for us and our returns and our shareholders. But the second thing I would say is if activity levels stayed where they were in the fourth quarter for a protracted period of time, we wouldn't be growing our headcount. We don't think that's going to happen. We think it was largely a seasonal fourth quarter event, but I can't tell you for sure. You know I don't like to make predictions, and so we'd have to see it. And remember, I said that -- I prefaced my comment on saying that I thought it would be mid-to-high single digits, with assuming there was no dramatic change in the economic environment. If there is, then I think that number will change.
Guy Moszkowski: On FICC during the quarter, I was wondering if you could give us a sense for how skewed the results were by month. And to what extent were either customer activity levels or just inventory valuations impacted by what happened in the muni market and in the interest rates market.
Guy Moszkowski: And turning back to some of the more principal activities in the Investing and Lending segment, you've had debt securities and lending revenue of about $500 million in the quarter and $2.6 billion in the year. I was hoping maybe you could better characterize that for us, maybe a little bit to Glenn's point about things that might or might not persist. I think investors really want to understand what types of revenue really are so lending driven that we could really anticipate that they would not necessarily be affected by Dodd-Frank, by Volcker Rules.
Guy Moszkowski: Yes, again, there is just some aspect of some of that, that are more likely to persist, we can assume, than others but obviously, there's a lot of rule writing in front of us.
Guy Moszkowski: And again, you say that the revenues that we see there is the revenue that's net of the direct expense load.
