David A. Viniar: Howard, look, I think you've heard me talk about this before. We're controlling the levers we can, which are expenses and capital. We obviously don't want to go too far on either one, because we think, at some point, the world will be -- will get better. But I think that all of those things will let us perform a little bit better in a tough environment. They're not -- we're not going to cut our way to prosperity, and we're not going to cut our way to the appropriate levels of returns. And I think that we'll continue to do the best we can with our clients, manage our expenses and manage our capital, but I would not expect that we're going to have acceptable ROEs in a macro environment like this.
David A. Viniar: Yes. What I would tell you is when we sit here today, best estimate, and these are still rough and all done manually, if we looked at Basel III today, it would be slightly below 8%. And if we roll forward, and only just pure math add consensus estimate and largely, the passive items like credit correlation, mortgage securitization, they're going to roll off, by the end of 2013, we'd get to slightly under 10%. And that's about 0.5% lower, because of -- than we told you last time, because of some of those -- the new Federals and about 0.5% lower because of lower consensus estimates that have come out. So those are 2 things that have really changed since we spoke last.
David A. Viniar: I -- we can't give you a prediction. It's going to depend on a lot of things. And I -- again, you've heard me talk about this before. It's a very big dilemma in an environment like this. We -- in an environment like this, we are -- tend to be very cautious. We tend to conserve cash and conserve capital, and yet, we have a stock price trading well below tangible book. And I know when we look back in the future, we're going to wish we'd bought back more at this price. And so it's a trade-off between caution in a difficult environment, seeing what our earnings are and calibrating it with the very low stock price. And so it's not a science. And it's something that we look at all the time, and we'll just have to see as we go.
David A. Viniar: So there wasn't a lot of capital attributed to the business, so I don't think it's going to free up that much capital. We have very little book value. So a very large portion of the purchase price will be gain. I think the transaction's expected to close in the fourth quarter, so probably won't come till then. And there was not a lot of revenue and earnings associated with it, so it's not going to have -- it has a very immaterial effect on our business going forward.
David A. Viniar: I -- we have not disclosed that number nor am I going to start right now. But it was a good try, Glenn.
David A. Viniar: With that, I'm not going to give you the exact numbers, but we had a very small, very small equity investment in it. And so -- and a slightly larger but still very small amount of debt. So the gains from those were not terribly material.
David A. Viniar: Look, we -- I think you said it well. We think we're very well set up, because the other thing you didn't mention was the amount of liquidity we have. And we have a lot of liquidity also, which can be used if we see good business opportunities. And so we think that we kind of have staffing levels at the right places and the right seniority. Our expense base about taking it down to where we think it ought to be, capital levels where they ought to be. And if we see good opportunities, obviously, we'll start generating capital again. Remember, in addition to that, our risk is extremely low. The VaR, while its just one measure of risk, $92 million is the lowest it's been since the third quarter of 2006. It's almost 6 years. So I think if we see the world get better, and my view on this, it will get better, I just don't know when. We're in a cyclical business. I think we're extremely well set up. And I guess the last thing I'd add to that is our client franchise. We continue to have a very high market share in all of the most important businesses. And I think if there's more to do, we'll get on more than our fair share of it.
David A. Viniar: Look, I'm not an economist, and I'm not an expert in this, but there's nothing that we've seen that -- you heard my comments -- that gives us a lot of confidence that there's a solution coming any day now. I hope I'm wrong there. And as I said, I'm not an expert in this. And I know there's a lot of people over there who are working very diligently to come up with the right solution, but we've been through this for a very long time.
David A. Viniar: Betsy, I don't actually know that number offhand. So how about if we get back to you on that? I think it's going to be maybe a couple of hundred people, but I'm not 100% sure. So we'll come back to you on that.
David A. Viniar: It's going to be pretty immaterial. It's really going to be a $500 million run rate savings on our kind of ongoing expenses. The expenses that we had associated with that were not very big. Both the revenues and the expenses were not very big.
David A. Viniar: I'd say it's actually more -- it's on the margin non-comp expenses and more people related, and it won't necessarily result in lower headcount. In fact, I would expect that with campus hiring coming on, we'll probably have higher headcount by the end of the year. But we'll have a more junior and less senior-weighted headcount going forward.
David A. Viniar: I think you said it well. We're getting closer, but we're still not there. Even some of the things that have been agreed upon haven't been released yet. We're, I think, not saying wait and see, because we have a lot of people working on getting ready, but we're not really making wholesale changes yet until we know the final rules. But I think you're right. We're getting closer, but we're just not there yet.
David A. Viniar: We don't know yet. It's something we have to work through, and we'll work with the regulators. It'll take a little bit of time, but I'd be -- I don't want to overstate it. We just don't know.
David A. Viniar: Kian, I'm sorry. I don't have that number right at the tip of my fingers either. We'll come back to you on that one.
David A. Viniar: You ask a very fair question there. I would tell you that some of the rules, even the ones you talked about, didn't come out as badly as we thought they might have, which would have made the divergence even greater. But I think we're looking at this, and we're just going to have to see how it unfolds. But I think it does put the U.S. firms at a competitive disadvantage. I think you're right. And it might end up with a smaller mortgage securitization business for us.
David A. Viniar: Look, we've talked about a little bit about this before. We continue to be pretty optimistic about the growth markets. Obviously, they're not a straight line up, and some of them are experiencing some difficulties now. But over the next 3 to 5 years, we continue to think that there's going to be greater economic growth in some of the growth markets and some of the developed markets. But we're also pretty bullish as the world starts to get better, which I just don't know when it's going to happen in most of our businesses all around the world. And so we're -- you've heard Lloyd say, we want to be Goldman Sachs in more places, but we also want to grow Goldman Sachs where we are.
David A. Viniar: Sure. I think there might have been some overstatement there. Look, we've been in the private wealth business for a long time. You know that's a very important business for Goldman Sachs. We've always lent to our private wealth clients. And having the bank has just made that a more efficient and more profitable business, so we intend to continue to grow that slowly as we have been. As far as corporate loans go, as we've mentioned, with -- especially with the retrenchment of some of the European banks, there are some of our clients who really need dollar funding. We have some available through the bank. We'll use it where we think it's most efficient, we have the most profit opportunities, we have the clients who need it most. So again, I think we're just going to be more efficient. And all I'd tell you is the bank -- the total bank has a little over $100 billion in assets and only about $50 billion in deposits, which are used for a variety of things. So you can do the math on the loans.
David A. Viniar: I would say we have $50 billion of deposits right now. They're going to grow slowly over time as we can grow them, and then we'll use some amount of that for our loans. So you can -- as I said, you can do the math.
David A. Viniar: Mike, I think I told you there might have been some overstatements, to start. I think that -- again, I've told you before that I think the idea of de-banking is not really something that's on our mind. We're regulated by the Fed. We're going to be regulated by the Fed. We are a bank holding company, and we're going to be one for the foreseeable future. So that hasn't changed, but I don't think there's any big change in our strategy that's coming. This is something that is part of what we are. We're going to grow it where we see opportunities, we're going to take advantage of the opportunities we see, but it's not a big change in strategy.
David A. Viniar: Look, it's a really hard question as we've talked about. You never know what the future is going to bring. We're in a cyclical business. We know we're in a cyclical business. It's hard to know when the cycle's going to change. We think we have tremendous upside in a lot of our businesses. While we're trying to pare down and perform as well as we can in this difficult environment, it's not returns that are acceptable to us or to our shareholders, and we know that. But the question is how much of the upside that we want to give away to have slightly better performance today. So we're not at the point now where we're thinking of wholesale strategic changes or wholesale shrinkages in any way. We have a long history of doing this incrementally as we see how the world unfolds, and I think I would expect that that's what we're going to continue to do.
David A. Viniar: Look, I think we've talked about seeing some of the European banks retrench as -- with some of the difficulty. But other than that, we're not really seeing wholesale changes.
David A. Viniar: The only thing I would say is while we're -- because we still think it's a great long-term opportunity, we're certainly pulling back less in the growth markets than other places. But that doesn't mean that -- as we said, they're not a straight line up either, but we're pulling back less there.
David A. Viniar: Mike, it's really hard for me to give you specificity on that question. The rules aren't done yet. The industry is still looking at how these things are going to unfold. If I gave you specific numbers there, I would literally be making them up, and I don't want to do that.
David A. Viniar: I think that's one of the things that helped. I think some of the Maiden Lane transactions being cleaned up, I think that took a little bit of overhang off the market. I think that was good. I think you probably saw there have been some tenders in Europe, which have been helpful. So there's been a lot of things that have taken some of the overhang off the market. And as investors have also been searching for yield, I think they felt pretty good about the mortgage space. And so I think it's been a pretty attractive space for people.
David A. Viniar: I don't want to -- I want to neither overstate nor understate the opportunity. I mean, as I said, private wealth business is a good business for us. We have a bank. We are a bank, a bank holding company with a bank. We're raising deposits, and we'll use some of those deposits for private individual loans, some of it for corporate loans. But we're not a retail bank. We don't have branches. We're not going to bring in $1 trillion of deposits, and so there is no change in the strategy of Goldman Sachs. We're largely a wholesale firm. We also have a bank, and we'll use those deposits that we have and grow them and use them wisely for profitable opportunities where we see them.
David A. Viniar: Chris, again, I don't have those numbers with me. And so we're going to have to come back to you on that.
David A. Viniar: Well, we've talked about this before. Growing the private wealth business outside the United States has been a big focus of ours and especially in some of the growth markets, as you mentioned, like Asia, where we think there is a lot of wealth that's been and being created given our investment banking relations and given the strength in our private wealth business. That has been a strategic focus of ours for a while, and it continues to be.
David A. Viniar: It's very small right now. It's a very small number, but it's something that we're looking to grow rapidly.
David A. Viniar: I think it was -- I mean, you can see by the average, I think we were relatively evenly spaced across the quarter.
David A. Viniar: I – look, as I said before, this is something that we're going to consider as we go forward. I don't think you should take the fourth quarter as an example of anything other than it's what we decided to in the fourth quarter of last year. And we're just going to see how things unfold as we go forward.
David A. Viniar: Yes. It's assuming things are kind of stable as they are, we expect that by the end of the year, we will have taken out round numbers and other $500 million of cost. It will come out over the next couple of quarters.
David A. Viniar: Look, that's always the hard question, and it's always hard. I can't tell you we won't reach that conclusion. It's hard to reach that conclusion. History tells us that we will do things more on an incremental basis. But we'll have to see how the world unfolds.
David A. Viniar: Well, the second question is easy. Most was not the Alliance Boot. It was a pretty small number, as I said. I don't have what was realized versus unrealized with me, but most of it is what we would call event driven, which means it was based on a company that was private, went public. So then we're able to see the price, a bid for a company that we have an investment in. So it was mostly event driven.
David A. Viniar: I actually do not know. I don't believe so, but I don't remember. I'd have to go back and look. I think in this one, we're going to watch this for a while.
David A. Viniar: It excludes active mitigation. As I said, there's some stuff that just rolls off. That's included in there. It largely includes any active mitigation, and it's something that we're really starting to go through with the businesses now. So I don't have a better update for you on it, but we're going to start looking at it pretty closely.
David A. Viniar: It's not what we were thinking of in the $500 million, but we certainly hope that those diminish over time. We like our investments to be good investments, and obviously, the ones that are impaired are not. And we think we're through a lot of it, but I can't tell you the other things aren't going to go the wrong way.
David A. Viniar: No. It tends to be very idiosyncratic, and it tends to be more based on the performance of an investment rather than the market.
David A. Viniar: Look, you've heard me say this. We think that it is an opportunity. We think that there's going to be needs in Europe and that the banks are retrenching. But so far, the -- there hasn't been that much activity, and so it's really hard to see it come through. We think that over time that would be a really -- and certainly, over the near term, it could be a meaningful opportunity for us, but we haven't seen it yet.
David A. Viniar: Look, first of all, I think it's a dangerous thing to compare comp ratios, because you have a lot of very, very differently structured firms. So I don't think you can compare comp ratio amongst firms. I think we're doing -- we're very cognizant of the returns that our shareholders get versus what our employees get. As you know, the ratio itself has come down pretty meaningfully in the last several years. We'll see what it ends up being this year. We also live in a competitive environment. And we could cut comp very dramatically in one year, and it would help our returns. But we live in a competitive environment. We still have people leaving for multiyear offers away from us, some from our competitors, some from other industry participants. And so we try and balance those 2 things as best we can.
David A. Viniar: So the covenants, first of all, you've heard me talk before about it, backlog was up. It's an indication. You shouldn't read too much into it. As you know, some deals never get into backlog. Some deals that are in backlog don't get done. But I think it is an indication that we saw a little bit more activity in the first quarter, and it was, I'd say more M&A and debt focused than equity focused given how tough the equity markets were. And you're right, we're seeing a small pickup in M&A volumes. We continue to see a very large number of discussions. I think some of that pickup are cross-border deals, where people think that they can pick up assets cheap in various locations. But I think we're -- it's still a question of CEOs becoming more confident before we see a very big pickup in the merger business, which is at historic lows. And so I think we're poised for that to happen, but it's not going to happen until CEOs become more confident.
David A. Viniar: There are some things that are just proposals, and we're still going through them and trying to understand exactly how to interpret them, because they're not so clear. But as of now, we're not thinking necessarily of a change in strategy, but we're going to have to look at what the capital requirements are. And we're going to have to make sure that investments we make will have the appropriate returns given the capital requirements that we have. If they don't, we won't make them.
David A. Viniar: No. They're up a little bit up, but they're still our gross exposure which, as you know, is exposure only net of cash in U.S. Treasury collateral. But before any hedges, it's still under $4 billion. And that after you take into account CDS hedging, which are with banks outside of the country, is roughly $2.5 billion. So about as well as it can be and still be operating in those countries.
David A. Viniar: Yes. No, it would be there too. If we have clients in those areas, if we can structure them well and have the right protections, maybe with collateral outside the GIIPS area, maybe with collateral with very big haircuts, we would certainly use the dollar funding capacity that we have possibly, because we have a lot of important clients in those regions for loans in those regions as well.
