Stephen Scherr: Sure, Glenn. Thanks for the question. So, let me just go through the numbers, so we’re all level set. In the quarter, we closed on about $1.5 billion of balance sheet reduction producing about $852 million of AE relief. And as I noted in the prepared remarks, since our Investor Day, we’ve disposed of balance sheet positions totaling $4.7 billion that produced about $2.3 billion of relief as well. In terms of line of sight, as I said, we have a view into about $3 billion of balance sheet reduction. My view is that the capital attachment associated with that $3 billion would be, I would say, well in excess of about $1 billion, probably close to $1.4 billion in terms of AE relief there. As to the profile vintage and otherwise, I think it’s important to recognize that in pursuing the strategy of migrating to more third-party funds, we’re going to look across the portfolio, regardless of vintage of opportunities, particularly in this market, to advance. It’s not only in the pursuit of course of that strategy, but equally it reduces the capital density of that business and holds the promise of reduced capital that the firm would be required to hold overall, and so two components in the context of what we’re trying to achieve strategically. If you look at what we’ve done, just on the last part of your question in terms of fundraising, you’ll remember that through 2020, we noted that we had raised funds approximating $40 billion. Taking that and extending it through the first quarter, we’re up just north of about $52 billion and are looking to deploy that now where obviously management fees get paid on deployment and investment of that fundraising. And so, the roster of ambition of what we’re going to do this year is quite real. We’re confident in our ability to achieve it. And this is all obviously part and parcel of meeting what I was talking about, which is as we see the harvest of positions now and take that revenue in, we will see compensation for that, if you will, in the context of management fees as we grow and deploy capital in the alternative space.
Stephen Scherr: Well, if you look at our overall backlog, which as I noted is at record levels, I would say that notwithstanding very high level of revenue recognition certainly in the investment banking segment, we’re nonetheless seeing the backlog replenishment at extraordinarily high levels. And so, that’s really the sort of best picture forward, if you will, in terms of what our clients are engaged in doing. I think, on the forward, as it relates, for example, to global markets, there it’s difficult to say. As I noted in the comment and David did as well, it’s hard to know what the market opportunity will be. The comparative set of results, second and third quarter last year versus this will be challenging just given the volatility we saw last year in those quarters. I think, the confidence we’re taking in terms of sustainability of results lies in our market share, and we have picked up market share across global markets, across investment banking both in financial advisory and equity capital markets, and we will rely on that to capture kind of our fair share or better of the opportunity set presented.
Stephen Scherr: So, Christian, just to pivot off of David’s comments, all of which I’ll give to you and our -- a reflection or a product of the client centricity that David was speaking to. First of all, across the equities business in global markets, I think we’re seeing a very clear consolidation of share in and among a discrete number of banks in the U.S., among which we are one. We saw elevated prime levels, part of the strategy that we’ve been pursuing, and as I noted in my comments, record prime levels that contributed to meaningful uptick in equity financing. Even on the last call, I had noted that over the course of 2020 across global markets, we had picked up about 120 basis points of wallet share across the patch. And then when you look at -- I’ll just take 2 individual businesses in FICC, just to pivot to FICC for a moment. First of all if you look at mortgages, the interesting thing about mortgages is that this business is now sort of pivoted away from sort of straight market-making and is now itself engaged in financing and loan origination. And so doing more for more clients has been kind of the signature, if you will, of just expanding in the mortgage space that has grown that business. And then, if you look at credit, we have picked up meaningful market share, both in cash and loans, in the context of what we’re doing. And then the last thing I would say, which I think is a contributor to enhanced share, client engagement and the like has been what we’ve done in the development of platforms. And credit is a good example of that, where portfolio trading has grown quite considerably. Our place in it is quite high. And so, again it’s all, as David is saying, client centricity and engagement with clients and meeting clients where they care to execute platforms being a good example.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So the way I would think about expenses is the following. First of all in non-comp expense more broadly, there should be no doubt that we have a very keen focus on controlling our expense base. I’m saying that independent of the efficiencies that we laid out at Investor Day, which I’ll come on to. But our as reported, non-comp expense was up 5%; ex litigation, up 9%. And within that, literally the totality of the increase in expenses were related to transaction-based expenses, so BC&E relating to elevated levels in global markets and our technology spend. And so, I think on the forward, you should expect that where transaction activity is high, where we’re meeting our clients, where market opportunity is large, that variable expense will continue to fluctuate, consistent with the market and will carry us there. The second piece I’ll comment on is just the $1.3 billion of expense initiative. Again, independent of the day-to-day focus on non-comp expense. And there we continue to make progress in all of the areas that we had talked about, including our real estate footprint as we just announced that we’re opening up offices in Birmingham. We did that as it relates to Hyderabad. All of that is a component piece of what we’re trying to achieve in the $1.3 billion of expenses. The last piece I’d say is the operating leverage that exists with compensation. As we’ve said many, many times, we pay for performance. And so, that lever is always available to us as and to the extent we see revenue turn down relative to the kind of performance we’ve otherwise seen in this quarter.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So, first on SLR, just to be clear, that has not been and is not a binding constraint on us, just to be clear about it. Obviously, 5% at the holdco is 6% at the bank. We stand higher than both of the minimums and don’t find that to be a binding constraint to us. And so, I would say that at both levels, we have ample growth capacity in terms of balance sheet growth before that comes on to the horizon as being an issue for us. So SLR, not the issue that it is for some of the other commercial banks. In terms of RWA growth, I think that you’ll see that commensurate with the nature and level of activity that’s there. The one thing I do want to point out is that risk control and risk calibration remains unchanged. It is as disciplined as you would expect it to be, notwithstanding RWA growth. So, the opportunity set that’s been presented causes us to extend balance sheet and grow risk-weighted assets commensurate with that opportunity, but without compromise to the kind of risk levels that we find. I mean, the thing I would say, Steve, on this is that if you look at growth in the firm and you look at growth in balance sheet, in the service of our clients as David’s been talking about, the resource input to this has been maintained so as to protect the risk flank of the firm. We’re sitting with elevated levels of liquidity at GCLA north of $300 billion. We sit in an ample capital position, obviously elevated by where the minimums sit, but within -- in an offensive mode and a buffer prepared to deal and engage with our clients. Marry those two resource sort of points alongside risk controls that David spoke about, and we feel quite comfortable with the RWA growth we’re experiencing and keeping it in control and checked from a risk point of view.
Stephen Scherr: Yes. So, on the money market comment, it was approximately $100 million in fee waivers. And bear in mind, very common practice, as you know, throughout the industry. So, nothing unusual about that. On the alternatives space, the management fees that we’ll take in are on deployment of the investable capital that’s already beginning. And so, you’ll continue to see that. I did note that on one of the charts that we show, which looks at firm-wide assets under supervision and firm-wide management and other fees, it’s a slide where my ambition is to disclose more. Particularly as these alternative funds become deployed, we can start to share more with you about how much of that management fee across the whole of the business, never mind the segment in which it sits, but across the whole of the firm, is being generated by this strategic pivot.
Stephen Scherr: Yes. I would say that I’d have to go back and look at where the sort of prior record was set, but it’s certainly at a record. I’ll give you a little bit of composition in it, which is that it’s cutting across a range of businesses. We’re seeing higher-than-normal replenishment and backlog build in EMEA and in Asia than we are in the Americas. But bear in mind, overall size of the business in the Americas is quite significant. So, notional dollars would be higher there, but it’s showing some geographic composition. To my memory, I wouldn’t view it as a multiple to prior peak. I would call it as probably 10% higher than where the top of that number had been historically.
Stephen Scherr: Yes. So I don’t want to peg the exact sort of aspiration of where we’ll be, and our ambition is to take the dividend up when the rules permit. But I would say that our ambition is to put the dividend in a more competitive standing than perhaps where it has sat historically. By the way, we’ve already been on that path, having raised the dividend quite considerably since David and John and I all took our seats. And so, to my memory, we took it up about 47% or thereabout at the beginning of our tenure, and higher since. I think, the ambition here is to have the dividend grow commensurate with an increasing durability of revenues in the business. As the more durable businesses or revenue streams and businesses grow, the dividend ought to reflect that, and it will. And so, that’s probably the best sort of forward view on dividend thinking that I can provide.
Stephen Scherr: So, we don’t break down the backlog exactly that way, but let me just provide as much color as I can on this. First of all in the middle market, that continues to grow. And the revenue that we’ve taken in, in investment banking around the growth in the client set has been quite substantial, and frankly I think beyond that which we otherwise thought we would achieve at the Investor Day. On the corporate side, you can see it play out in the context of investment banking revenues broadly. I would say equally, we’re playing to a larger corporate set in our global market segment in terms of those becoming more prolific clients in what we do. And then, on the geography, as I mentioned before, we have seen kind of double-digit growth in backlog in EMEA and in Asia. And we continue to see growth in the Americas as well. But again, the Americas presents a much larger set more broadly. I’d also refer you back to a comment David made and we’ve spoken about before, which is our ambition and our focus around client centricity in global markets. It’s always been there as it relates to investment banking, has put us in among the top 3 among 64 of the most prolific clients, top 100 clients in global markets, and that’s up from 51 the year before. And so, we continue to see growth in the share we’re taking. By the way, this is all against the backdrop of consolidation in share, I would say, among U.S. banks relative to the European competitors across a range of product areas in equities and in FICC.
Stephen Scherr: I mean, I think it’s too early to judge whether there’ll be a significant shift. I suspect that there’ll be certain clients that look to migrate from where they were to a different firm, but it’s too early to judge that. I think, the important thing to note is that growth in prime has been a strategic imperative for us. It’s not the by-product of the Archegos incident or the like. And as we grow that, and this is what David was referring to, we continue to maintain quite a vigilant posture as it relates to risk that’s embedded in it. We recognize risk of concentration. We recognize the consumptive nature of that business. And so, we’re going to maintain kind of our threshold of risk tolerance in terms of clients that we bring on. Whether or not it shows consolidation in prime, pricing pressure in prime, I suspect it might, but it’s just too early to judge that just yet.
Stephen Scherr: Well, the one that I would call out is credit in FICC just as an example, and I mentioned it earlier. So, this is where we saw a trend line developing around portfolio trading. And so, investments that we were making in platforms and technology capabilities and the like have served us well in the capture of a solid percentage of the portfolio trading and the volumes that are going through there. And so, that’s an example of advancing and enhancing our technology capabilities that are in place. I’d also point out more generally that over the last couple of years, we’ve been spending quite a bit of money on straight-through processing. That is, taking note of the demands among our clients around middle and back office and the overall experience of our clients set not just on the front end of the trade, but all through to the back. Each of those investments, whether it’s technology to build platforms that captures portfolio trading credit, or development of enhanced technology to automate and streamline the overall straight-through processing, all of that is subject to an ROI framework with an eye toward improving the overall client and user experience that’s there. And so, that’s just a little bit of insight into how we think about the investment and where we’ve been making that investment.
Stephen Scherr: Well, I’m not sure I have it at my hand kind of the number of systems and the like. But let me answer the question this way, and let me use transaction banking as being a really good example, okay? Transaction banking is a new platform designed from the front end all the way through to the back, into the books and records of the firm. It is cloud-based engineering, which has all the efficiencies that I’m sure you’re aware of in terms of a lower expense to sort of keep it current in terms of developments around engineering and the like. And so, our new builds are largely, perhaps not exclusively, but largely cloud-based. We’re always looking to rationalize platforms. And I would say one thing I’ve learned from Marco Argenti and George in engineering is that it’s as important to decommission old platforms as it is to put new ones in. We’re riveted and focused on doing that so as to eliminate legacy technology, build in the cloud. And I think some of the newer businesses that we’re involved in, transaction banking consumer, benefit from the absence of legacy, so that we can build new and efficiently and in the right form.
Stephen Scherr: So Brennan, first of all, thanks for the feedback. I mean, it’s a big area of focus for us. The strategy has clearly been to develop out businesses that exhibit greater durability to the revenue stream. And there’s no question that disclosure will follow, in the context of providing all of you with greater insight into where we think or where we would define recurring and durability of earnings that are there. On the specific points you raised around consumer, I think as consumer grows, and so David was reflecting before that that business is now turning a corner to sort of resemble the ambition of a broader platform than it is a series of products. We’d like to find ourselves in a place where we will and can provide greater disclosure on consumer, just as an example. I would say, the same will be true as transaction banking becomes more durable. These are areas where as they become more material, and we expect that they will, disclosure will naturally follow. And then, I think your feedback is a good one, just in the context of providing a firm-wide perspective through disclosure on durability.
Stephen Scherr: Well, I think the way to think about it is that share repurchase is going to follow kind of a longstanding philosophy where we look at opportunities across the firm to deploy capital and where those returns are attractive as they have been this past quarter, we’ll continue to do that. Where we don’t, we will look to return capital back in the form of share repurchase, with the dividend obviously being a reflection, as I commented earlier, of greater confidence and a more durable set of revenues and that net dividend increase to reflect it. On the achievement of the 13% to 13.5%, I would say that the lever is honestly less about share repurchase and more about what we’re doing to alter the capital consumptive density of the firm. So, key among those initiatives sits in asset management, where the pivot from on-balance sheet to third-party fund is as much about creating a durable, more predictable revenue stream as it is lowering the capital density of that business, and therefore of the firm. And to the extent that happens, we will be doing ourselves the favor of reducing capital intensity. But my expectation is that the Fed will recognize it equally and subsequent CCAR exams will reflect it as lowering of the requirement that we ultimately will have. And it’s on top of that that we’ll maintain what I view, we view, as an offensive buffer to deploy capital for clients. So, less about share repurchase, more about fundamental shifts in change that we’re bringing to the business, both to help ourselves and frankly speaking, to enable the Fed to come to a realization of the lower capital consumption profile of the business.
Stephen Scherr: Well, kind of hard to put precision around that. I would simply say that we have made it, as I’ve said, a strategic priority to grow prime balances. I would say that our business has skewed historically more to the long short, and less so competitively relative to the comp -- to the quants. But our ambition is to continue to grow it. But as I said before, that growth is not going to happen absent corresponding risk insight into how that book grows. We’re very, very aware of the embedded risk in it. We’re very aware of the liquidity consumption in that book. And so, we mind ourselves as we grow volumes in that. But it’s been part and parcel again to the theme of durability around financing that goes on in and around that business. And so, the balances have grown consistent with that.
Stephen Scherr: Well, I would say -- I mean, listen. It depends a lot on the collateral pool that you have. Let me describe it this way. It’s hard for us to know what goes on in every other bank around the street. I can only speak to what we know and watch inside of Goldman Sachs. And so, what David was describing, particularly around Archegos, the story is less about the events of Archegos as much as how we’re set up to monitor it. And so, we look at consolidated or overly consolidated concentrated positions in individual accounts. We look for excessive position concentration across the whole of our business. We look and undertake a daily mark-to-market on collateral and corresponding margin. And in tracking concentration and correlation, we adjust what it is that we’re doing, the level of margin we take, the clients we take in, the pricing we put against that prime. Those are all the important inputs in terms of how we grow that business broadly.
Stephen Scherr: Well, since there are no more questions, I’d like to take a moment to thank everyone for joining the call. On behalf of our senior management team, we look forward to speaking with many of you in the coming weeks and months. If additional questions arise in the meantime, please don’t hesitate to reach out to Carey and the IR team. Otherwise, please stay safe, and we look forward to speaking with you on our second quarter call in July. Thank you.
David Solomon: So Christian, I’ll start and thanks for the question. First, I’ll start at a high level and then Stephen will probably give you some more granular data. But at a high level, one of the things we’ve been very focused on over the last 2.5 years is the client centricity of our business and trying to really look at the way clients experience us, look at it holistically, see how we’re serving their needs holistically. You’ve heard us talk about our One GS mantra, our ability to bring the whole organization together to deliver better for clients. And one of the things that I’m hearing consistently from clients as I reach out and spend time with clients is that they feel like there’s been a meaningful change in the kind of broad client service they’re getting, our focus on them, the resources we’re getting, giving -- or bringing to them, and the coordination of all that. And I think that has contributed meaningfully, that client centricity, that culture is contributing meaningfully to market share gains. You know and we’ve put it forward that we talked about looking at the top 100 accounts in global markets. We gave you data last quarter on our progress against those accounts, being top 3 against those accounts. That is a KPI we continue to track. We made progress last year, and we’re committed to making further progress this year. And so, I think that also has an impact on this. In addition, then obviously you have the market activity that’s generated. And so, we get the benefit of those market shares gain against that activity. On your second question with respect to kind of activity looking forward, what I’d say was the first quarter was an extraordinary quarter. I don’t think that the expectation should be that activity will continue at that pace through the second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter. But I will say that activity levels continue to be elevated from what I would say was a pre-COVID activity level by a meaningful amount. And I think as we said in the script that the environment, the monetary and fiscal stimulus, and in addition the economic recovery, continues to paint a relatively constructive background. But, I don’t think the expectation should be for it to continue at the pace we saw in the first quarter.
David Solomon: So Steve, I appreciate the question, and you think about this in a similar way that we do. We’ve always talked about how long-term market cap growth has led to long-term growth in our business broadly, but you’ve got to look at it over long periods of time. I think, there are a variety of structural things that has supported growth in our core businesses, and I think we’re seeing some of that. I’m not going to comment specifically on your numbers, although I think that your numbers as you point out set very reasonable expectations for us to meet our medium-term targets that we set at Investor Day. So I’ll start by saying I am extremely confident of our ability to meet our medium-term targets that we set at Investor Day. We also said at Investor Day that that is not our longer-term aspirations. And as the market continues to evolve, as we come out of the pandemic, as we have more clarity on how the world sets out moves forward, we’ll give you clearer communication about our longer-term expectations for our ability to drive the franchise forward. But as we did pre-pandemic at Investor Day, I reiterate now, we do see opportunities to drive the franchises forward and drive higher returns over the long term than what our current medium-term targets are.
David Solomon: Sure. So, I appreciate the question, Mike. And there’s no question, if you look at a broader historical perspective, growth and activity levels in our business have been correlated to robust GDP growth around the world. And so, I’d state quite clearly, and I said in the prepared remarks, that we think that we’re going to have very, very robust economic growth in the second half of 2021 into 2022 as vaccines continue to accelerate, as we come out of the pandemic, as we move forward. There’s no question that there is meaningful consumer pent-up demand. Consumers have reasonable liquidity and savings higher than they did going into the pandemic. And we expect that all of that economic activity and that pickup in economic activity is a constructive backdrop for our business. There’s no question, given the monetary and fiscal actions, that there’s an increasing risk of inflationary activity. We all are watching very carefully comments from central banks around the world as we look forward. I think in my opinion, there is no question that we will see an increase in inflation. The question is how much, how quickly, and how we respond to that. And I think it’s early -- it’s very early to speculate. But there is a scenario in the distribution where it would accelerate more quickly, and actions would have to be taken that would create more headwinds for our business. I don’t see that as obvious on the near-term horizon as we look through this year and we continue to come out of the pandemic. But I do think it’s a risk issue for markets that we’ll have to continue to watch very closely.
David Solomon: Sure. I appreciate the question, Brennan. And at a high level, obviously we’re monitoring this all very quickly. We have a plan at the moment to build a digital bank that’s offering an array of integrated basic services in a completely digital, frictionless platform. And we’re extremely focused on that. At the moment, we are not focused on offering a crypto wallet ahead of providing what I’ll call more basic set of financial services on a digital platform. We’ll obviously monitor how the world evolves with this. We’ll see how things progress and we’ll continue to watch it. But I’m not going to comment further on longer term plans for individuals. We’ve been focused on other things. And with respect to crypto, payment systems, the digitization of money, we’ve been much more focused on the institutional side.
David Solomon: I appreciate the question, Devin. On the backdrop overall, I assume by the backdrop overall, you’re just talking about broad M&A activity. There’s been a meaningful pickup as confidence in the forward has increased. And the comments that Stephen made about backlog broadly and the constructive nature of this environment is obviously leading to clients being extremely engaged around strategic objectives that allow them to drive their businesses forward. Really in all businesses everywhere, we continue to see consolidation of those in a strong -- with consolidation by those that are in a strong position. Because all businesses continue in the digital world we’re in with further digitization require more tech investment, more scale, more global. And so, in that context, obviously leaders are continuing to consolidate their strong positions. With respect to our space broadly and how we think about this, I’m going to repeat verbatim what I said last quarter, and what I’ve said before. We spend a lot of time looking at opportunities to accelerate the growth of our franchise. In particular as we look at businesses like asset management and wealth, if we could find something that we felt would accelerate our strategic growth objectives, we would certainly consider it. But the bar for anything significant is high. And it has to be the right industrial logic more than the fact that we have a currency because the stock is higher. And so, we continue to think about ways that we could accelerate our growth, but the bar to do it is high. Prices are high. It’s a competitive environment. And we feel good about our plan, but we’ll continue to do the work and be diligent about looking for opportunities where we can accelerate the growth of the firm.
David Solomon: Sure. We feel very, very good about our team that’s in place. We have a very, very deep bench. And I think we’re in a great position with the leaders that are in place. One of the things I just observe broadly, and it’s consistent with our performance, it’s consistent with stock market values and prices, it’s consistent with the environment that we’re in, there is a lot of activity in the world. There’s a lot of liquidity in the world. And the world is very, very competitive for great talent. We’ve always been a developer of strong talent, and we’ve always been a place where people come to look for great talent. There’s nothing about any of the attrition this year that looks extraordinary when you look back over a multiyear basis. And I think we’re very well positioned, but there are a lot of opportunities out there. And at times as I said in my script, people will go choose other things because they have bigger opportunities, and we welcome that. Often, they become clients when they make these moves. We rarely lose people to competitors. So, I feel good about where we sit from a talent perspective. I feel good about the interest that we’re finding people have in coming to be a part of Goldman Sachs and join the journey that we’re on to continue to grow the firm.
David Solomon: Well, there’s risk in markets constantly. And part of markets and economic growth is rooted to confidence. And things can go wrong -- things can go wrong at any time. And things tend to pop up in places that you don’t see or you don’t expect. I think, we have a very, very constructive environment, Gerard, given that the world is dominated by the pandemic and dominated by the actions that central banks and governments are taking to respond to the pandemic. The weightiness of that, the heft of that really overshadows most else that’s going on. I do think over time, we’ll be having discussions about the increase in government debt and government spending around the world. There will be consequence to that. That can obviously have an impact over time. There’s a general view at the moment that rates are going to be low for very, very long. Certainly, given some of the actions that are taken, you could see a scenario where the perspective on that would change and could change quickly. And that would certainly create headwinds to growth and headwinds to activity. But I do think we have a very, very good backdrop at the moment with a higher probability or distribution of strong economic growth, because we had such a sharp reaction to the other side, given the pandemic. And the unwind of that I think will dominate as we move through the rest of the year into next year.
David Solomon: And the only other comment I’d make, Brian, around the business is that there is a clear consolidation going on with the leaders because of scale, because of technology capability. And I think we’re well positioned for that trend if that trend continues going forward.
David Solomon: So, a couple of comments at a high level. I mean, there’s no question that given the number of SPACs that have been raised, the incentives that are set certainly lead to all those sponsors to look for deals actively. Given our position in the M&A market, that should be a tailwind. That said, just to quantify it, when you look at our M&A activity, that M&A activity for us with SPACs last quarter, I think it was a single-digit percentage of the M&A activity that we participated in. So, while it’s a tailwind, I wouldn’t say that that’s dominating the M&A activity and the positive constructive comments we made around M&A. In fact, that’s really rooted in much more broad strategic activity that we’ve seen a big pickup in over the course of the last 6 to 9 months. With respect to underwriting activity, there’s no question that it has slowed from the peak of where it was. I think there’s a little indigestion in the context of that. You’ve obviously seen returns and some of the shells kind of slowed at this point. I’d also highlight just again kind of backlog, that when you look at ECM revenue last quarter, SPACs were less than 15% of our ECM revenue last quarter. So, this all creates a tailwind. But my guess is in this quarter, you’ll see less new issuance than what we saw in the first quarter. And you’ll see a continued progress that people try to find M&A targets to destack. All of that should be constructive for our business.
David Solomon: Well, I think it’s another form of capital formation and financing. But what I tried to highlight in my remarks, Jim, is that I think it’s going to continue to evolve. I think there’s room for improvement in disclosures, and you’ll see us continue to push to improve disclosures. I think, you’ll see different structures around incentive alignment for sponsors, and I think you’ll see an evolution in that. So, like any other innovation,, they evolve, they mature. But I do think capital formation that leads to more liquidity in markets and more opportunities for investors to participate is generally a good thing. But how it’s done, the disclosure around it, the incentives, the transparency, all those things are things where I think there’s room for progress around this innovation.
David Solomon: At a high level, in a high level, Jeremy, it’s hard to make generalizations around these things. But I think what was unusual here was for a variety of reasons. This particular fund wound up with very concentrated positions very quickly, and I think that was unusual. And then, the actions that they chose to take, or chose not to take, obviously affected the outcome. But,, I think it was unusual with respect to the size and the concentration of positions, which changed relatively quickly.
David Solomon: I think, we always look at every experience we have on a day-to-day basis, and we always try to learn and we always adjust. And there’s no question that we spent a lot of time looking at this, even though I feel that we executed very well here. We got this one right. We don’t always get everything right. So we always look at every situation to try to tweak and improve our risk management processes and how we think about these things. I do think that there -- given the visibility of this, I do think there’ll be regulatory discussion around it. As I said in my prepared remarks, we’ll participate constructively in those discussions. But, I think it’s too early to speculate one way or another whether it will have any impact. I do think to some degree, this was a one-off event. But as I said earlier, we will see from time to time people get overly concentrated. They have too much leverage, and that leads to unwinds.
