David A. Viniar: Guy, I'm always hesitant to give guidance on anything because things change. But I think that you can assume that most of those cost reductions, many of which are related to people, but non-comp expenses are attached to people, are in. And so I think that the numbers that you see are not a bad proxy. All other things being equal and no -- assuming no big changes in the environment for where things are going to run.
David A. Viniar: Well, I'd always like to buy more when the stock price is lower, and less when the stock price is higher. But I've never found myself to be a great predictor of our stock price. And so I'm not necessarily sure when the stock price is lower and when it's higher. We will -- we'll have a plan. We will moderate that plan, based both on our results and how things are going during the quarter, as well as on the stock price. And we'll try to buy more at the lower stock price and less at the higher stock price, but I don't know for sure we’ll be successful at that.
David A. Viniar: I can tell you -- I can give you the ratio. I actually don't have it in front of me, both the equity and risk-weighted assets. But with all the caveats of the rules not being done, being very rough estimates, all of those, those caveats take as a given. At the end of the quarter, our Basel III ratio would have been roughly 8%. And if you roll forward to 2013, again, assuming just consensus estimates of earnings and passive roll-off suppositions, so no active mitigation, it would be around 11%.
David A. Viniar: Look, again, hard to answer the question because the rules are far from final. But certainly, some of our investments in hedge funds are going to come out. We've announced that publicly, and our investments in equity funds are going to be limited to 3%. And so some of those -- some of the investments where we have a higher percentage will roll-off. And so in that way, you could certainly see some of that portfolio come down. But until the rules are finalized, we don't know exactly where it's going to go.
David A. Viniar: Right. But again, not to mislead you, that’s the total capital held against that portfolio, we don't expect that whole portfolio to go away, so we don't expect all that capital to be released. And it's going to be dependent on the final rule set, how much happens and what the ultimate flows are.
David A. Viniar: Look, I would say the competitive landscape remains tough. We have a lot of very, very good competitors out there. I can go back to 2009, where as you know, we gained a tremendous amount of share. But we all talked about -- you heard me say very clearly that was not sustainable and we knew our competitors would be back, they are. I think there are some competitors, some of the European institutions who have exited certain businesses, so that's helpful. But it's hard to really see that because there's not yet that -- enough improved flow to really see how much share we can pick up from that. I would say our franchise remains very strong. We continue to get a very, very good market share across the trading businesses. But that's not without very strong competition from our major competitors.
David A. Viniar: Look, I think we're relatively well positioned assuming that the environment stays pretty much what it is. But you heard me say we're going to look for other means of efficiency because we're still cautious on the outlook. But I wouldn't expect anything major to change from where we are.
David A. Viniar: Look, first, I would say, and I'm sure this will not surprise you, we very strongly disagree with some of the things that Moody's has mentioned in some of their reports. We think that if you look at every single credit metric there is for Goldman Sachs, and frankly, for many of our competitors, none of the actions they've talked about are warranted. We are, as you know, we're quite analytical. And when we do all of the analysis, we cannot figure out why they are where they are. So I just want to tell you that. Look, what the effect is going to be, I think much of it is in the market because they have clearly foreshadowed what they're thinking of doing. I think if they move the whole industry to the left, I think it just -- it will not, in the end, have that big an effect. There are some who might be more affected than others, at least from what they say, we'll be at the higher end, but not the highest. And so I don't think it will have a big effect. And it's hard to say that there will be a real competitive change from what they do.
David A. Viniar: Okay. In some ways, Glenn, your question included my answer. So look, you're correct about the segments. And so it's hard to compare, it's not necessarily apples and apples. You're correct about our caution. And the way I would describe the quarter is, I would say flow in FICC was good, but not great. And our quarter in FICC was good, but not great, reflecting that. There was big asset price improvement, but we were -- we have been cautious on risk and we remain cautious on risk given the environment. And I think that's also reflective of the fact that our clients have been cautious on risk and remain cautious on risk. And that's why flow, I would say, was good but not great. I think all of those things are related. Our franchise still feels extremely strong. Our market share is very high and the reason that it was a lot better than what you saw in the -- towards the end of last year is because flow and outlook was better, but still cautious.
David A. Viniar: I think that is the great bulk of it. I think some of some of the flow or not great flow is caused by concern about what regulation might do. I think that's a very small part of it. I think most of it is macroeconomic driven.
David A. Viniar: Sure. The simple answer is, there is nothing different about this than the prior sales. It was purely a derisking sale because our position was quite big. We still have a position that at current market prices is a little bit less than $2 billion. We remain very optimistic about ICBC and about China. We remain very committed to both strategically, and we would expect to have a reasonable size position going forward. But it was just big and we derisked.
David A. Viniar: Sure. And this is -- we talked about it before and I've told you that you should expect what you saw. We have statistically 15% to 20% of our partners leave every 2 years. You go back in history and you've seen that. And over the last 4 years, coming into this year, very, very few left. And I think that was a testament to people's feelings about Goldman Sachs. It was a tough economic environment. It was a tough reputational environment and our partners are completely loyal and felt that they should stay with Goldman Sachs. I think as things have improved somewhat, what you're seeing is a little bit of a catch-up. It's natural and it's actually important and it's warranted because if it doesn't happen, then the next level of people don't have, who are fantastic, don't have the opportunity to move up. And then they'll leave and then when the senior people leave, you'll be missing that middle level. And so there is nothing unusual about it. It is exactly in line with what we would have expected. I would expect that between now and the end of the year, you'll see more partners leaving. I couldn't tell you who they're going to be. It's just kind of the natural progression and our bench is so deep that it's really not an issue at all.
David A. Viniar: Yes. The contractions, I would say, were more in the U.S. and Europe than in Asia. But pretty similar across the U.S. and Asia, with U.S. and Europe with a little bit less in Asia, given our concentration on growing that business.
David A. Viniar: I would anticipate us to be growing in emerging markets, but I would anticipate that growth to be very moderate in this environment.
David A. Viniar: Look, I think the regulators and especially regulators who are writing the rule understand the issues. I think they are very, very difficult issues. I think they are doing what we completely support, which is trying to write rules that make the financial system safer and sounder, while not hurting the free flow of capital and therefore, economic growth and not hurting the competitiveness of the U.S. financial institutions. That's their goal. It's not easy. The rules are very, very complicated. We're very supportive of what they're trying to do and I think they are really trying hard to do this, but it's a difficult task. And they recognize all of the issues involved.
David A. Viniar: No. We actually saw more activity from our clients in the Derivatives space. And so that was very helpful to us.
David A. Viniar: We have been running at the high -- an average of the 160s probably for the last 2-ish years. I would not expect, assuming the environment does not change dramatically, I would not expect it to change dramatically. It might go up or down a little bit from here. I wouldn't expect to change dramatically.
David A. Viniar: Look, I think -- as you heard me say before, I think the biggest driver is going to be activity and the biggest driver of activity is going to be the macroeconomic environment. You saw some pickup this quarter, and so you saw a pretty good pickup in ROE, although not something that we consider acceptable. I think there's -- look, let's just be realistic, there's going to be regulatory uncertainty for a while. And I actually think, as I said before, I think the rules are hard and I think I would trade regulatory uncertainty for better rules. And so I think the regulators are taking the appropriate amount of time to make sure they get it right. And in the long term, that's going to be better for us and better for everybody.
David A. Viniar: So look, on asset management, it is still a very, very big focus of the firm. You saw the acquisitions we made were small. As we've told you, you might occasionally see them. They're really to put us in parts of the business that we weren't in before, it was hard to start ourselves. All in very small dollars, but hopefully, it'll give us a platform that we can grow up. One of the things we've seen in Asset Management is our performance in the last several months has definitely improved. And if that continues, I think that would be a good precursor to good inflows of assets. We'll have to see if that continues. Reinsurance, I would say is really just totally opportunistic. We've seen some opportunities where, for various reasons of risk management capital, some people were pulling out of the market. We thought it made sense for us to opportunistically pick up some pieces. But it's a very, very small business within the context of Goldman Sachs.
David A. Viniar: No. It's roughly 50-50 between FICC and equities. A tiny bit more in FICC than equities, but roughly 50-50.
David A. Viniar: I'll tell you 2 things. One, we did not only ask for dividends, although I'm not going to disclose how much of a share increase. And the second thing I will give you is a bad answer which is, we do not know how the Fed did the calculations.
David A. Viniar: Meredith, that was a very broad question. I'll try to answer it as best I can. Look, the biggest thing that drives our risk appetite is our client flow. And what our clients are doing and how much they want to do and obviously, when they do more, we are likely to end up with more risk. They're not necessarily doing that much more because they are cautious as well. Second thing that drives our risk, really, is the traders on the lines view of their ability to analyze the situation. We talked a lot about this last year, about the fact that, really, what was driving markets last year was very largely political as opposed to economic. And so because we're good analysts and think we can try to evaluate the more likely economic outcomes, and we're not always going to be right and we know that, but at least we can analyze it in a situation where it's really politics and speeches and what people are saying more than economic outcomes that are driving the market. It's very hard for us to analyze risk and makes us extremely cautious about being left with any risk. Frankly, it made our clients more cautious too and there was less activity, so we saw all that last year. That's really the philosophy more than anything else. I think the YPF situation, I don't have much to say. I think it's an isolated incident in a certain location. I certainly don't think nor hope it's indicative of the rest of the world.
David A. Viniar: I think it would be very difficult for that business. And look, I can't give you an exact answer. But it's hard to see that business for us, or really anyone under those rules, that business making sense. And I think you'd have to see a big pull back and I don’t think that would be very good for Capital Markets or for the economy. And so we hope that doesn't happen.
David A. Viniar: Look, I think that, basically, we have been cautious. I think our clients have been cautious as well. And I think that our franchise remains very strong. We still believe we're getting a very, very high market share. We're not getting the market share we were in 2009. And remember, I told you in 2009 we weren't going to keep that market share. So I think you always have to be careful where you start. And where you go back to the remnants of 2009, if we lost shares since then, the answer is yes. But we picked up enormous share going into that and we knew we weren't going to keep it. But leaving that aside, we think our franchise has not lost share at all and in fact, it remains very, very strong.
David A. Viniar: Well, without disclosing numbers because you know I don't do that. What I would tell you is, I'd say, the rates business had a very strong quarter and all the other businesses had good but not great quarters.
David A. Viniar: Kian, I appreciate that compliment. I wouldn't actually think we're always that good at looking forward. I think we're actually better at adapting to the environment. And very good at being nimble and being able to move to where the environment is going. Look, we've told you for a while, too big concentrations are the growth markets and the whole Investment Management business, those continue to be. But we're not -- we think that over time, we'll grow all of our businesses around the world. You've heard Lloyd use the term that we're going to be Goldman Sachs in more places. We're going to do that. We're also going to grow all of the businesses around the world as the environment improves.
David A. Viniar: Within the context of what we can do with the Fed? No, there's nothing would keep us from doing that.
David A. Viniar: The only thing would be the inability to fully predict where stock price is going and wanting to make sure that we have some powder for later in the year depending on what the environment is like.
David A. Viniar: Look, I think you can extrapolate somewhat. But remember, one of the biggest non-comp expenses, which is brokerage, clearance and exchange fees is activity related. So that's one that I certainly hope gets higher. If you saw that go up from a non-comp point of view, that would actually be a really good thing, not a bad thing. So there is some activity basing within the non -- even the non-comp. So all other things being equal, I think it's probably a reasonably good proxy for where we're going to go. But all other things are never equal. And so hard to predict. And as far as anything else, I don't think one quarter is at all a predictor of the future.
David A. Viniar: You see them. I mean, you see what they are. And I think, as I said, given similar levels of activity, I think that's a pretty good baseline for around where we’ll be.
David A. Viniar: But we have a lot more clarity on Basel III. But we'll see if that rule got passed as is, then we would incorporate it in. And we’d tell you what it was.
David A. Viniar: It's run largely separately. Although our risk management is very integrated into it because there are a lot of market related risks in that business. And so our risk management infrastructure is very, very integrated into that.
David A. Viniar: The changes are really immaterial, that's why I gave you roughly the same number. You're talking about tenths of a percent.
David A. Viniar: It's not just non-comp at all. And you saw some of that last year in the comp line. So a lot of that is already in there and you saw it last year.
David A. Viniar: Look, I would actually say the Asian markets, I mean, you saw there was a pretty big underperformance of the Chinese market in the first quarter. And I think that reflected a little bit some of the activity, but the business was still pretty good. And European activity was better as you saw the markets get better.
David A. Viniar: Look, 2 weeks doesn't really tell you anything. But yes, I think that it has had somewhat of a chilling effect on activity in Europe as markets have stalled. And we'll see how things unfold over the course of the quarter.
David A. Viniar: That is a really good question, because if you gave me the whole picture of the economic environment in the first quarter and said, what do you think will be M&A volumes? I would have said it would be a lot higher than they were. And there is a lot of dialogue and dialogue has really continued to pick up. I think what you're seeing is, given how much economic uncertainty there has been for a while, CEOs are very much in a prove it mode. And they want to see solid growth or at least growth and resolution in Europe and things like that for a longer period than they saw it in the first quarter. And until they have that confidence come back, and it's just going to take a while longer, it's just not going to result in that many transactions. I said there's a lot of dialogue and enough dialogue that if that's CEO confidence comes back, you could see a fairly dramatic pickup in that market. But the confidence has to come back.
David A. Viniar: I would put Europe as the top of the list, but not the only thing on the list. So if you saw a whole slew of continued better economic data in the U.S, I think that could be a driver. A pickup in China, that could be a driver. But Europe is the #1 thing that's out there.
David A. Viniar: The levered loan market was not shut in the first quarter. I think it was -- they are just -- while there wasn't that much activity because there wasn't that much deal activity, the market was actually pretty aggressive. So I actually think deals that were out there got done and got done pretty well. And so I wouldn't call the market shut at all. I think it was just really lack of activity which goes back to lack of merger volume and lack of CEO confidence more than the market not being receptive. I think the credit markets are actually quite strong.
David A. Viniar: Look, I think there have been some, but not a lot. I would say we have seen some opportunities to buy assets that we think we'll be profitable to hold. We've seen some opportunity to buy that we think would be very good to distribute to our franchise and we participated in some of that. But I would call it some but muted.
Fiona Swaffield: I just have 2 questions. One was on the Basel III look through, and I think you said roughly 8%. And I think at Q4 it was roughly 8%. Am I able to impute, I mean I know you also caveat it with moving parts, but obviously, you're Basel I improved due to retained earnings and the RWAs going down. So has it improved at all through earnings or is it the Basel III RWA is going up? I just wondered if you could help on that.
Fiona Swaffield: Yes. I'm sorry, I'm just trying to get all -- you got the variable compensation, which is related to -- I'm trying to understand if you got a number of heads going down.
Fiona Swaffield: Well, it's because of the 44% ratio. I'm just wondering if there could be a lower comp ratio because of the staff reductions that we weren't...
