Harvey Schwartz: So it's a great question, year-over-year we were up 49% on a core basis. I think in some respects that speaks to a weaker third quarter environment last year, but I have to agree with you. I wouldn't say it was a particularly strong quarter for FICC. Year-over-year I talked about some of the drivers. I would say maybe the best way to describe, it wasn't so much -- it wasn't so much about tailwind as it was about not having so many headwinds in the quarter and of course we translated nicely for us.
Harvey Schwartz: So the opportunities for a while have been more on the debt side. You've seen the I&L balance sheet transition. When you see it again this quarter it is going to close to 80% debt, but selectively we're certainly seeing opportunities whether they be in what we recall other forms of equity, real estate or other areas, but selectively we've seen some good opportunities in corporate equity. As you're probably seeing, we're in a market now raising a fund, and the reception to that has been quite strong.
Harvey Schwartz: So just to give you the exact number, it's 98.9 billion, [indiscernible] just under 99 billion, and that's up $1.8 billion quarter-over-quarter. And I said almost 80%. It's 78% really debt and other assets, which leaves you basically with $21.5 billion of what we would categorize as equity.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, so it's a great question. So I think the short answer is providing value to the consumer. So one of the reasons we have said so many times and this is going to be a very deliberate and methodical approach and a bit of crawl before we walk in this business is because we're well aware that this is a new effort for us.  Now and some of this is not new for us, our technology skills, the risk management, but the interface through the technology with this new important client base, it's a different space for us. So we've hired, obviously, people with decades of experience. But I think the greatest mitigating factor is slow growth, monitoring it very closely.  But also, when we put this together, we took input from consumers, and it really is, I don't know if it's the first-ever, but it’s really is a lending product that is driven by consumer input. And so that means providing them with flexibility, with real value, with simplicity. And that's why we've come out with something, and we got feedback, consumers don't necessarily like and they don't understand the fee structures.  So we created a no-fee product, no small print. If you call our call centers, people pick up. Some of these things are simple, but they're quite important in terms of what consumers want. And if you deliver what consumers want and you really control your processes, then obviously, you create value and you deliver what regulators want also.
Harvey Schwartz: So you're right. A year ago, there were some [indiscernible] that attach, which led to more backend weighted profile. This year, we had a bit of flexibility in terms of how we'll approach the next couple of quarters, but a lot of this i6s going to be driven by edging out the environment and demand for the balance sheet. We would really like to start putting our capital to work if the environment improved from where it is today. But certainly, there's some flexibility in the profile for us to go up a little bit from these levels. But again, certainly not committing to that. You know how we think about capital management, and share repurchase for us is not to be equated with dividends and so it's going to be dynamic.
Harvey Schwartz: So again, on the ratios, as I mentioned, 14 under standardized and 12 4 are advanced. By the way, just [indiscernible] and I'll know I get the question Mike, its 13.4 standardized fully phased and 11 9 on the advanced fully phased.  In terms of the stress testing, white paper and govern it relates comments I'd say at a high level, obviously, they put a ton of work into this with various constituencies. We – our initial frameworks were their framework seem quite awful. And it seems somewhat consistent with the way we actually manage the firm. So we manage the firm obviously on the forward-looking basis in terms of how we stress tests.  We obviously also manage the spot capital ratios. And under our spot capital ratios, as you can see, we have lots of capacity. And so we'll have to see ultimately the details in the MPR, but again, they did the right thing here by giving the bank the opportunity to make adjustments because as you know, this won't be incorporated into the 2017 cycle.  And so the extent to which firms need to adapt, will be able to adapt after we see the MPR. But I think our starting point puts us in a great position and again the treatment of share repurchase and we'll see what happens with balance sheet and other things. But we'll take our normal approach in terms of capital management from here. But it seems like the right direction.
Harvey Schwartz: So that's a great question. In terms of why we just talked about commodities MPR. So the market's been waiting for this for a while. As you know, we've been in the commodity business for decades, and we think it's really important that the Federal Reserve’s taken the lead here in terms of an important area of focus for us in the industry, but especially as it relates to ultimately establishing uniform standards across the industry. So we welcome all that.  With respect to our business, we've obviously been very vocal in our commitment to the commodity business, and some of that I think maybe that gets misunderstood. So I want to underscore for you a bit. What we're committed to is serving our clients and their needs and you kind unpack that a bit and simplify by saying there's really three activities that are critical to our clients. It's critical for them to hedge, and that's consumers and producers would have commodity price exposure. Financing of those businesses is critical. And then obviously, market-making activities, which provide liquidity to the markets under a critical component of making those markets function. That's what we're most committed to. You've seen over the years, we've been reducing on balance sheet, investing in commodities. And so we'll work with the industry and with regulators like we would in any MPR process. But what we're more focused on ensuring that those services from a Goldman Sachs' perspective and across the industry can get provided to clients in a safe and cost-effective way. No different than if we were to approach any of the MPRs.
Harvey Schwartz: Sure. We're happy as it grows, obviously as it becomes more meaningful, I mean just to underscore this. I got an e-mail last that we booked our first loan. So if you want to continue, if you want to consider that continuous updating of financial disclosure, Matt, but I don't mean to make a lot of your question. Obviously, as it grows and becomes more meaningful, we'll spend more time with you on it. I think the important thing now is that, we make sure that everyone understands the product, the pace we expect to move at, which will be very deliberate and slow. And that in terms of return for long term, if that's kind of where you're getting, obviously, I talked a lot bit about the consumer here but we built this business to be accretive in the long run to Goldman Sachs returns. But we're certain, we're happy to keep you updated.
Harvey Schwartz: No. There was nothing specific that jumped out. It was really more across the products but it wasn't anything, particularly in the regional clouds.
Harvey Schwartz: So with respect to the market share, certainly over the course of the past year, I would say there's been periods, particularly things like some of our core strengths, Prime Brokerage in fixed income, across the regions, we've seen discrete shifts in market share. I would say when we look at it in terms of the core businesses, for example, like credit, as we monitor those market shares, certainly with certain client segments like asset managers, it feels like we're picking up market share. Again, one of the difficult things about market share is you really need volume to grow.  And even though obviously our performance this year significantly better than last year, it's the best quarter we've had in five quarters. You really need activity levels to pick up from here. Now just in terms in the second part of your question, the 41% of this 49 is our best estimate.  We told you forever that as a conceptual matter, you should expect in periods where revenues should decline that compensation and benefits expense should lag that and obviously, we talked to you ton about operating leverage. And so as revenues grow, you should also expect compensation and benefits expects to lag that growth because of the operating leverage. But at this stage 41% an output.
Harvey Schwartz: I would say that Brexit potentially is something that could drive share to the U.S. I think what we've witnessed over the last several years is U.S. firms like ourselves with really, really strong market shares and leading business positions whether you look at FICC, investment banking, equities, asset management, if you're a leader in a franchise throughout this cycle, particularly as activity picks up, I think there is share to gain. I think our European clients need us. But in terms of Brexit, I think it's unclear whether that's having any impact at this stage. It feels like early days.
Harvey Schwartz: So I think that observation is correct. I think what's most important about that observation is just the capacity we have under the capital ratios, so obviously. But again, VaR is going to be driven by market volatilities and by client demand. And as client demand picks up or as market volatilities pickup, certainly you would expect that to translate through. We're not feeling constrained at all really only by the macro environment and our client appetite is same.
Harvey Schwartz: When you look at it in terms of so you are talking about year-over-year sequentially and you look at -- sorry, my allergies [ph] are bad today. If you look at more sequentially it's kind of mix of our total level is coming down and what I'll call position changes. If you look at year-over-year it's more about position changes. I think your big point is this environment wasn’t a particularly strong environment, again it's the third quarter it's got some of the seasonal characteristics.
Harvey Schwartz: So, as you remember from the last call, we talked about the expense initiatives we launched in the first half, which translated to $700 million run rate savings. Anything you are reading in a press is a bit distorted. This process in Asia it just a continuation of the process that has been ongoing for the rest of the firm. In terms of Asia completely committed to the region. 
Harvey Schwartz: No, they are completely unrelated events. If you're sitting at Magic Me [ph] yesterday you would have heard Mark talked about how we joined the firm in 1976 and he just thought this would be a perfect time for him. But now they are completely unrelated in terms of there is nothing strategic in that. 
Harvey Schwartz: Well, obviously the opportunity exist, we think we are providing an important layer of capital, but these conservations evolving, it's super early, so there'd be no way for us to interpret or give you any guidance on that. 
Harvey Schwartz: So on the competition benefit expense you are right, so revenues are down 15%, you relate any competition benefit expense down 13. Now I wouldn’t -- maybe we characterize that as negative operating leverage I don’t know that's meaningful negative operating leverage and the reason we are able to achieve that almost lock step decline, it was because of the expense initiative we launched in the beginning of the year.  In terms of contribution of an individual segment, we look at this as firm wide collective as we go through the competition process. And obviously competition as we repeated to you many times before, it's about performance, but it's also about managing the company for the long term and executing our strategy for the long term. So it's not going to be a -- a competition process not going to driven by one segment contribution one way or another. 
Harvey Schwartz: So in pricing at the margin it's very business specific, we have seen in some cases that I'll call a rational re-pricing and things like prime brokerage. But again in this low volume environment I don’t know how much that you will see, in other words, the same low volume, low growth environment we have globally that's contributing to what it looks like in the future extraordinarily strong competitive environment for our businesses is the same thing that doesn’t allow for lot of price improvements. And so I think these one of your things where even though it has taken while you need environment that is challenge for a while or to get competitors retreats of the same challenges don’t allow for price adjustments, it maybe overtime you see price adjustments, but certainly things the more capital intensive parts of the business like prime brokerage where we are market leader. In terms of tax I think in terms of your estimate obviously it will be driven by regional contributions, but I would say 28% to 29% that range. 
Harvey Schwartz: I don’t know, necessarily we have a strong view in terms of the immediate. I do think that over the intermediate term it's an important development. I think more broadly, well it might not be a straight path to increasing volumes, I think more broadly in Asia our perspective is and with China that we are on a long upward trajectory of activity and our role and ability to work with clients in the region, whether its trading, advisory, capital raising, this just feels like a very long positive trajectory, but it’s not going to be straight line.
Harvey Schwartz: So the pipeline feels pretty good when you talk our M&A team. And the backlog sequentially was up, not down. But the activity levels that I mentioned in terms of completed transactions in the market, obviously down over year after very, very healthy levels. The best perspective I can share with you is the one I get from talking to our M&A bankers. And it hasn’t shifted much over the course of the year. The same fundamental factors that are contributing to the last two years of M&A activity, generally low topline growth, a desire to drive efficiencies, access to the capital markets, all those factors still in place. Now regionally the U.S. field is more active then Europe and Asia fields a bit more active than Europe, but I am giving you really very localized commentary. Long-term it feels like the fundamental factors are in place.
Harvey Schwartz: So in underwriting as you saw, we've had very strong debt performance and we had a record for the first nine months of this year on a year-to-date basis. I mentioned before that half year IPO volume or meaningful portion of the IPO volume actually occurred in September. So it does feel like we are starting now again into a market where a lot of that activity that got pushed from the first quarter into the second quarter that that still exists. So we feel reasonably good about activity levels in the capital markets on an intermediate basis.
Harvey Schwartz: No I am happy to talk about it. I don't know if I'll get to all of your questions, but let me just give you the high level. So we are in the market, there is really two fundamental reasons why we decided to engage in the fund raise. One was really to have a full offering for our private wealth clients. And the second is if you look at the capital regime particular under CCARs as it related to private equity, corporate equity specifically, those capital requirements continue to adjust. So they are giving us the flexibility to utilize the funds and to provide that to our clients. It seem like it made a ton of sense. Now in terms of the fund size, we have been talking about $5 billion to $8 billion, that’s what the team feels is the right size for the horizon that they are thinking about. So they are not looking the raise the largest one of the world despite the fact that there’s been very significant interest in terms of how we are approaching it and in terms of its focus, its focus will be on corporate private equity.
Harvey Schwartz: Well the activities, the activities allow for us obviously to work with our investment bankers, but it is an asset management driven product and its broker compliance, in its design.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. So we took a $63 million charge. This relates to one asset that we leased out. The run rate on that is small, but generally speaking, we look at these things, we look for a reasonably short term in terms of payback, in terms of recouping those expenses but this has been something we were just waiting for the market to recover, but it's a small item.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. It's no problem. I think that's more environment-specific. So it could be in some aspects, different footprint. All these businesses at this stage in FICC, and we don't have much visibility in FICC competitors, they're all very different. Some of these are enormous balance sheets. Some of them are very big in emerging markets, some are not. I think when you look at it I wouldn't overemphasize the first quarter '15, which I think is really the factor that's influencing your math. And again I wouldn't overemphasize the performance that we had in the third quarter either, because things just don't shift that quickly. I think that the third quarter was solid for us. But as I talked about currencies, commodities was down year-over-year. So it certainly wasn't an environment we were hitting on all cylinders and even with that, we were in a double-digit ROE environment. So it feels pretty good to us and the momentum feels good.
Harvey Schwartz: So I think you're right to underscore, which I mentioned earlier, the fact that over time, the CCAR requirements under -- let's just use private equity investing and corporate equity have certainly increased. Now the nice thing about that analytic framework is it's perfectly transparent with the global market shops are etcetera. So you can certainly evaluate investments that you're making. Now we're talking about investments at the bottom part of the capital structure and so in terms of the return profile, we're obviously very selective about how we deploy that capital. But as I mentioned before, one of the nice things about launching this fund is it does gives us flexibility in terms of how to think about deploying that capital and it creates a new important product for our clients. So we have options.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. So as I mentioned on the advanced transitional, we're at 12.4% under the current capital regime. Obviously, that gives us more than enough capacity. We obviously have things that roll off and things like that, but not material enough for me to highlight for you. But to the extent to which I think at this stage whether you look at the supplementary leverage ratio, standardized, advanced, we have the tools in place through our return on attributed equity framework, the ROE framework, which we talked a lot about. We have the tools in place at this stage and more importantly, the culture, the people engagement across the entire firm. We will adapt if needed but right now we feel we have more than enough capacity.
Harvey Schwartz: No. So liquidity products, I believe, it's up $2 billion in the quarter. So this was long-term fee-based assets that were really the driver. And the team has done a very good job in their advisory businesses and so that I would say would be the more meaningful part of the driver in terms of this quarter's flows.
Harvey Schwartz: We don't target a ratio. You should think of the ratio as an output. Now obviously, we have been very diligent around expenses over the last couple of years reflecting the environment. If you happen to have a lot of historical financials, you would see that market development this quarter was under $100 million. I think it's the lowest it's been in seven years. So obviously we've been very focused on this, but we don't target a ratio. And a big driver obviously is BC&E and if you saw big activity pickup, that would move with the environment as well. But we're very focused on expenses as you know.
Harvey Schwartz: So I think we don't target the mix, as you know. We focus on the clients in those businesses where, as you know, we have leading market positions and so we feel good about that. I think it's a bit more of what's your expectation for the environment is. We control the micro issues we can focus on, our client engagement, expenses, capital management. But a lot of the things are outside of our control and I would say that in aggregate, when you look at the vast majority of our businesses, this is not an extraordinary environment, despite the fact that third quarter performance was strong on a relative basis, there's lots of challenges regionally. You could certainly envision an environment that was significantly better from where we are today. You've heard us say this a lot, but we look for growth and an environment of negative interest rates in vast parts of the world is not indicative of a role that's growing at great pace. So you could see much better environments than we have today, and we hope that ends up being the case.
Harvey Schwartz: Just like I think they could change always pretty quickly for a negative, and we tend to be more contingency planners. You could certainly see things break for the high side. Obviously, rates could move back into positive territory, which should be an indicator and there's been speculation in the market that we might be more in the cusp of that in the United States. I think the most important takeaway is whether or not we move into that environment in the near term? We're incorporating all those current factors in how we're running the firm today, which in a pretty muted environment, we're able to grow revenues, demonstrate a double-digit ROE and we truly believe we're well positioned in the franchise with significant operating leverage if the environment improves. So we feel quite good about our position, but we are rooting for a better environment for everybody.
Harvey Schwartz: So that's perfectly consistent with what we're able to generate. Of course, we don't have any legacy infrastructure cost structure. This is all white sheet of paper for us. So we'll see how it evolves, but that's certainly achievable.
Harvey Schwartz: So it's a great question. I would say that broadly speaking, and this won't be completely inclusive, but I think you can define our technology strategy as focused on client engagement and those tools and services we can deliver to clients that provide differentiated value to those clients, and you see that doing us in our capital markets businesses and obviously you see us creating that with Marcus. Two, there are times when we feel like given our core technology skills, we're in a position to develop technology, which will be better enhance outside of the firm ultimately even though we incubated it in the firm, and Symphony will be a great example of that. We feel like as an information sharing platform with better security, better compliance controls, we felt like that was something better utilized by a broad range of market participants. And lastly, our own technology internally is quite important for making us more efficient and adapting to regulatory change and managing our risks, and that's obviously been very core to what we do. So we look across all three of those different platforms if you will, for lack of better language. I would say the most important thing in addition to controlling the firm is our client engagement and Marcus reflects that trend as it relates to consumers.
Harvey Schwartz: So it's more than exceeded our expectations. I think in the past quarter, we picked up another $1 billion of deposits and so the momentum there feels quite good and the team's done an excellent job of transitioning the platform into Goldman.
Harvey Schwartz: So this is completely consistent, Marty. As you know, you've been following us forever in terms of broadly speaking and it may not be the case in any given year. But broadly speaking, we've encouraged you to expect that compensation and benefits expense will lag revenue moves. So you've seen it through the first -- through the year-to-date. 41% is our best estimate but revenues are down 15%; compensation and benefits expense, down 13%. In environments where revenues are up, base case, you should expect a lag in that direction also particularly given how much we've emphasized operating leverage with you.
Harvey Schwartz: So three of the four segments are up this year obviously. The one segment, which we worked hard to unpack for everybody is Investing & Lending and this would very naturally fall into the lending segment. Obviously, to the extent to which down the road as an activity in and of itself, if it had material contribution, we could talk about highlighting more, but I think it will give a lot of attention as it grows anyway, it's pretty exciting.
Harvey Schwartz: So since there are no more questions, I just really want to take a moment to thank all of you for joining the call. Hopefully, I and other members of senior management will see many of you in the coming months. If any additional questions come up, please don't hesitate to reach out to Dane or the team. Otherwise, please enjoy the rest of your day and I look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. Take care, everyone, and thanks again.
