David A. Viniar: Thank you, Harvey. As many of you know, I spent my entire career at Goldman Sachs. So it's all I know. I always believed that it was a special place. That is a perception which has been validated over the last several years given my experiences during this period of stress. I witnessed the strength of our client franchise, the quality and dedication of our people and the commitment of our shareholders. It was an honor to be asked to join the Board of Directors. I look forward to continuing to serve as a steward for shareholders in that role. It is a responsibility that I take with full confidence in the strength of the client franchise, the financial health of the company, and the caliber and devotion of our people. I would also like to thank all of our shareholders, debt investors and research analysts for their support of the firm and me, personally. I leave knowing that I am turning the role over to Harvey, who has the skills and judgment to warrant that same level of support. Thank you, again, for listening today, and now Harvey and I are happy to take your questions.
David A. Viniar: Brennan, it's David. You've heard me say this many times before, so I'll just say it again. We don't set a comp ratio. We don't start the process and say here's the comp ratio. We compensate our people individually, and we take into account the performance of the firm, the competitive environment all the time. And we're always looking at those things. So it's hard for us to say what it's going to be going forward.
David A. Viniar: There's interest in there as well. And I would think that it would be more unrealized on the debt side than realized. But we can come back to the breakdown. But remember, a big part of that is interest also.
David A. Viniar: Kian, I'm not quite sure what you're trying to get at. But if you really want details of all of this, we're happy to follow up with you later. You know we're very focused on this. And you can see, we increased where we are by about 100 basis points over the course of the year. But if you want more details on that, we're happy to follow up with you later.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So what I would say about 2012, obviously, as you mentioned, certainly some elements of the marketplace were particularly challenging. What put us in a position to achieve the ROE, really, were the steps we took over the last 2 years in terms of managing expenses and being quite disciplined. But in terms of what we're able to achieve in the future, we're going to have to see what the market opportunity brings to us. But this was a year where, like all years, we took everything into account, performance, the competitive dynamic. And as I said, we benefited from the steps that we took over the past 2 years. But quite frankly, I don't think -- while we'll be pleased with the performance of the environment, it's not particularly aspirational. We'd like to do better.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So the ability to monetize, as you know, is really driven by 2 factors. Obviously, it's market performance, but it's also the idiosyncratic nature of your own portfolio. So in the past year, obviously, there are opportunities. You could argue that our performance exceeded that of the marketplace in terms of what you might expected. But that was this past year, and our portfolio performed well. I think in some quarters, it will perform well; in some quarters, we won't perform as well relative to the marketplace, but the market will drive that. Certainly, over time, with events around the world, we feel like we'll see attractive investment opportunities. But in terms of the scheduled monetization, difficult to predict.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Too early to tell with only 10 business days into the quarter. You could paint a picture of concern given events in Europe and certainly, events in Washington that could be disruptive. If you talk to our economist, our economist would say that we'll see pretty modest growth for the first half of the year in the developed economies and it'll exceed that in the growth economies in maybe the second half of the year. But it's difficult to anticipate that. We do feel pretty well positioned from a business point of view, whether in our Investment Banking franchise and certainly across the firm, to capitalize on opportunities. But too early to tell.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So I wouldn't focus so much on the quarter-over-quarter move, more so, really, on the end of last year to the end of this year. So that's roughly 100 basis points, 8% to nearly 9%. And as we've said before, as we get visibility into the rules, we will deploy our teams with tools, and we'll be able to react. So what we're really seeing over the course of the year is the effort to be more efficient with capital and, of course, the earnings performance. And so we will continue to react as we get more visibility into all the rules.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, the way I would think about it is the performance is going to drive the ROEs, and that will be about our competitive position and ability to deliver our franchise to our clients relative to others in the context of what the market provides. With respect to managing our capital, I think you should expect us to continue to be disciplined. And when we get visibility around rules, we will look to be particularly responsive. But we want to be very careful not to overreact before we have a rule, and we don't want to underreact after we have a rule. So we hope to do more.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I wouldn't say that it's the best near-term opportunity. I think those things are always difficult to weigh. But I think if you -- if you're thinking about sort of longer-term strategy across multiple years, certainly, capacity leaving the industry broadly and specifically opportunities in Europe, we think we're well positioned, and they look attractive to us, but we'll have to see what materializes. I think the reason why I focus on near-term is it's very difficult to be too precise about how these things unfold and certainly when.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So I think you have to go back again to the -- to how we manage the company and how we think about compensation specifically. So there are a whole host there of factors that go into that. One is going to be how our performance is and certainly, that's going to be reflected in compensation. The competitive dynamic is certainly in there. And then, of course, this is a balance issue, obviously, in terms of providing returns to shareholders. And this year, we hope we got the balance right. As I said, we're not satisfied. We'd like to do better. But again, it will be determined by what the market opportunity provides us in the future.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, I think what I'd say, just as a matter of principle, we're always going to be conservative with our liquidity. I'd like to say there's 2 core lifebloods to the firm: one is our clients, and the other is our liquidity. And so we're going to stay very focused on both. Look, there's a lot of uncertainty in the world, and I agree with you that when you look back over the past 6 months, certainly, the world feels a bit better. Clients, generally, although there was a fairly significant amount of risk aversion, got better towards the end of the year. And we'll see how this year goes. But there's still a lot of things in front of the world, so I wouldn't expect any significant shift.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, yes, that's a hard question. I would say that I'll try to be as narrow as possible. I would say that on capital, I don't know. Maybe we're in the sixth inning in terms of capital rule visibility. Maybe some people could argue the seventh. But that's kind of it using a baseball analogy. I think the broader issue is the collective visibility into all rules, whether it's Volcker, the impact of Dodd-Frank, things that impact globally. And so -- and there, I don't think we have a lot of collective visibility into the weight of that. And actually, I think it's difficult for the regulators to really assess all of that, which, quite frankly, is a concern for the industry and, obviously, it's a concern for the global economy.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So I'm not in a position to comment on the reinsurance business beyond what's in the release. What I would say with respect to Investing & Lending is those are core competencies of the firm. And so when we've -- for example, when we had visibility on part of the Volcker Rule, we took steps around certain businesses. But at this stage, this will be about how we adapt to rules as we get further visibility. And so I don't know necessarily that we would say we'd deemphasize anything in Investing & Lending at this stage. Now of course, over time, as businesses like the reinsurance business are maybe better held in other people's hands and we can be a minority owner because of capital reasons, then we'll make those decisions. But that'll be on a business-by-business basis.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think it's really important to emphasize the point that when we think about the comp ratio, we think about it in terms of the aggregate of the firm. And then within that, we compensate across the various business units, and we build it up individual by individual.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, I guess you could surmise that. As far as I can tell, even as capacity has been leaving the industry, there's been a huge demand for Goldman Sachs people. And so the competitive dynamic in aggregate may feel much better. But for very talented people at Goldman Sachs, they're very attractive.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So there are no deferrals. And I think you're right to say that you have to be very thoughtful when you do that because there's a bit of mortgaging the future. And so, no, there's been no deferrals. I'm sorry, no additional deferrals.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think it's a good question. I think that the only case study we have is really history. And when you look back over history, history is proving that -- a couple things: One, it's proven that rule changes, and the ultimate impact on market structure, incredibly difficult to predict. I would say -- and I didn't really feel this way about a year ago. I thought that the rule delays or uncertainty around rules, I didn't think was having an impact in terms of client activity. I do think as we get more clarity on rule certainty, it may ultimately impact client activity to the positive. Now having said that, I wouldn't trade off that delay for bad rule-making, and I think the CFTC and other regulators have been pretty thoughtful about taking the steps to delay rules because the single most important thing is that the market has an opportunity to adapt because we just -- we don't want to increase systemic risk while the regulators are trying to put the rules in place. So I think all these delays have been quite thoughtful.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I'm not so sure it's necessarily capital rules. I think broadly speaking, it's a level-playing field and so we all have the same rule set. The way we have to differentiate ourselves is by leaning into our strengths. And we have a history of our clients wanting capital, and we want to differentiate ourselves by providing capital. And so I think it's really how you execute. Everybody's going to live with the same rule set.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think that -- and now we're getting into more art than science. I think that competitive response as it relates to things like capital changes, that's a very -- that's something that plays out over the intermediate to long term. In the short run, you can see a rational behavior by competitors, which can't be explained by any capital rule. I would say -- and I'm not sure this is related all to capital, but I do think that the crisis itself at the margin had made people much more disciplined about their capital deployment. And so, for example, I don't even know if this is an indicator that you could extrapolate into your question, but in the fourth quarter, there was an amazing amount of log activity. There were days where David and I were working with our teams in banking and the financing group on sometimes 4 or 5 inquiries. If you ask me on that particular day in December, did pricing feel a bit more rational? Yes. But I couldn't tell you if that same day occurred this January, whether or not it would be as rational. But over years, the market makes people more rational.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, I would say there are obviously a number of rules that can have incremental impact there, Volcker being one of them. But we'll see Volcker when it comes out, and we'll respond accordingly. But also, those businesses obviously tended to have more capital. And so we have no immediate plans for any changes, but to the extent we need to respond again, we'll do it.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes, we don't -- we don't think about it that way in terms of parsing it. I understand why you'd ask the question. I think that what we would say is the following: obviously, there was a lot of operating leverage in the business this year, and you see the translation of that in terms of the increased revenues into all the metrics. But in terms of how we think about commenting, David discussed it earlier, it's going to be performance-driven and then we take all of those other factors into account, including the balance and what our shareholders need.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So this is an important question because you could extrapolate, in some respects, our strategy and philosophy around reg reform pretty broadly in this context. So it's incredibly important for us to serve our clients as best we can today. And so hard to truly anticipate what any will change, initial margin, for example, will have on their behavior, but we know we need to be there for them today. And so we'll adapt as they adapt. And again, this is a very careful balance because our view is you need to be incredibly focused as the rules come into frame, clearly. I think that's obvious. But there can be quite a penalty, I think, paid for overreacting. And so if you ask me -- if I answer the question very narrowly, we have no explicit plans to adjust around that. But when we see the rules and we work with our clients, we'll work with them as closely as possible to adapt and make sure that their needs are fulfilled.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I don't think it's as much, for example, swaps to futures, although it could be, and it could end up looking just like the energy market. But clients, of course, have been large users of futures for many, many years. And so they always could have used futures. So that was always a choice. I think a good example of regulatory reform impact would be the collection of rules, whether it was decimalization or Reg ATS, et cetera in the equity markets in 1999. I think it was in 2000 in the early part of the decade. And I think that had transformational effects, obviously, on the equity markets. We all know that now in retrospect, and that forced us to make significant changes in our business. We had to reduce staff significantly. Back in the day, a very small portion of what we did in the equity business was electronic. Now, on any given day, the vast majority of what we do will be done electronically. And so I think it's hard to predict, but the key issue is being very close to our clients during that period. But it's really about how we adapt. And so I'm not trying to evade your question. I'm just saying it's too early to speculate on how we'd adapt. But we just have to execute.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. I mean, I can't imagine reducing capacity and then trying to rebuild it. That would be really hard.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. So I wish the science was that precise. But unfortunately for you all, and for us, it's not that precise. It's much more dynamic. And the way I would frame it is we want to be very conservative about our capital. And that's the first priority. And so we will evaluate it on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And certainly now with CCAR, we work hand-in-hand with our regulators to make sure that we have a conservative capital plan.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, as it relates to us, like I said, we want to be conservative about our capital, but we also want to be positioned because capital can make us -- can put us in a very competitive offensive position. I don't know how JPMorgan and BofA allocate their capital, but probably a better question for them.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. So we haven't talked about it. I'll give you the following observation. Certainly, post 2008, there was a real desire, I think a very rational desire and a natural shift by the whole industry, driven by the clients to really focus on simplicity away from complexity. So you lost some of the most -- what I'll call the most complex aspects of derivatives, the correlation businesses and things like that. And I don't see those returning. So I don't see those as lost revenue opportunities although who knows, maybe someday, far away, they will. But I think that because of that, you've seen a mix shift that was to cash, but that feels to me like it's been in place for a while.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, I think that in all these businesses, and let's just take the securities vision because you're talking about, for example, cash bond trading and secondary market activity, we benefit from basically the diversity and the collection of businesses. So yes, credit -- the credit business may be busier than the mortgage business in a particular day and a particular month. So that's how we think about it. In terms of secondary volumes, it's not really particularly surprising to me. Although maybe if you'd asked me this question a year ago, I would have gotten the answer wrong, that just given the incredible influx of capital into the bond space, that managers themselves are not rotating positions as much. It's been very directional. And so I don't know. I wouldn't be making any forecasts that secondary bond trading levels would be dramatically lower or dramatically higher the second half of this year, for example.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So again, I'm going to sound kind of redundant here. I think predicting multiple years in the future is really hard. I actually think predicting 6 months in the future is really difficult. And so again, what I would say is the following: we're going to focus on making sure that our institutional clients can deal with us in any business they want, and we want to be best in class. And we're far from perfect. So there's certainly businesses we need to work on, and we can be better and we can take advantage of our improvements relative to competitors. But...
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes, I don't have that data with me. But if you're talking about sort of additions that are on the books with clients versus roll off, passive roll off, which we've disclosed previously, yet we obviously -- I think you should -- rest assured, we study all that.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So again, we finished with a strong liquidity position, with $175 billion in GCE. We have no immediate concerns regarding the LCR. We thought it was good. Actually, like a lot of these rules, that the regulators revise the rules in the process, and the final rule deemed more thoughtful and well considered than the proposed rule. But no immediate concern.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, we haven't yet. But we did talk about the fact, obviously, that we finished near 9%, up 100 basis points over the year in Basel III.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. I think the reason why we're struggling a bit with the question is because quite frankly, you'll see this as we do it. And so it's difficult for us to forecast in a way, obviously, that you'd like us to.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. So there are no plans one way or another I think worth discussing. That'll all be driven bottoms up by the businesses, as it always is, in terms of the opportunities they see and how they're investing around the world in talent.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. I don't think there was anything particular there. I think that's just related more to client and investor activity. There's nothing significant in there.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Whether or not things are going to be announced, obviously, very difficult to predict. And I think it's most -- when you talk to our investment bankers and our clients, what they'll say is that the uncertainty in the economic environment globally and certainly the political backdrop in the large economies has left CEOs in a position where they've been quite conservative. And as you see, it translated into all the things you described: large cash holdings, lots of efficiencies. And so I think that will be -- my own opinion, that'll be a lagging outcome in terms of -- when people really feel there's confidence and certainty, then there'll be more motivation to consummate transactions. But very difficult to predict those, as you know.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I apologize. So look. With respect to the ROE target, or the absence of an ROE target, there, quite frankly, over the past several years, there just hasn't been enough information in the marketplace, whether it was capital rules, clarity on Volcker, Title VII, et cetera. And so at this stage, we just don't feel we have enough information to give you a target. Now having said that, what you should expect from us and you will continue to see from us is that we remain committed to superior returns over the long term, and we want to provide absolute superior terms and relative superior terms. So that's our focus. But we have no target.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think if you had been sitting here a year ago, you probably would have felt like maybe there's more clarity. But as I said earlier, I think the regulators have done a very, very smart thing, locally and globally, by delaying the implementation, because it's so much simultaneous change. Even in Title VII for itself, which is one suite of rules, the regulators have an enormous task in front of them in terms of rolling out these rules. And so that's just one set. And so we'll have to see.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. But I think if you want to go through sort of the mechanics of share count, I'm happy to have Dan and the team follow up with you.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So as we said earlier, we're going to evaluate compensation on a year-by-year basis, and we're going to incorporate everything that you would expect us to, which is performance of the firm most importantly, and then the competitive dynamic and all the other factors that go in. And of course, we have to get the balance right with the shareholders. So we'll evaluate it as the year progresses.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Right. So I wouldn't read too much into the decline in VaR because virtually all that's attributed to the decline in market volatilities and not actual positions on the desk. And in terms of deploying our capital, we feel quite confident in our ability to do that. And so -- but that VaR number is going to really be driven by client demand and activity, all else being equal. And so as we continue to see a pickup in client activity, positions may change now that may translate into lower things in the number, given offsets, et cetera. But the bulk of what you're seeing in the decline is market volatilities. It's not a reduction in risk or capital commitment.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yes. So it's the It's the Basel III capital efficiency efforts that are having a knock-on effect on the Basel I ratio.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I don't think that the pace of development, for example, of rule making, whether it's the Basel capital rules or, for example, in the U.S., much farther ahead on, derivatives and et cetera, I don't think that'll drive -- I could be wrong, by the way. I don't think that'll drive material differences in how firms compete in opportunities. I think a lot more of that is going to be driven by relative competitive position in aggregate. And so if you're well positioned in a particular business, that's how margin capitals input. But it doesn't strike me that the gap is so wide. But in some cases, we are seeing competitors, for example, in Europe, exit businesses. And there, for sure, there'll be opportunities. But I think for people that are competing and electing to stay in businesses, you work within the rule set you have and you try and bring your competitive advantage to bear.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. I mean, look, we look at Basel III over the long term, too. And like I said, I think it's not the pace. Having said that, do I think some European banks and just many institutions around the globe have maybe been a little slower to sell assets than they might otherwise wanted to be in retrospect. And I think there's opportunities there, but those are opportunities that our clients are very focused on. And if we can be the firm that can bring the collective resources to bear to actually deliver those assets to our clients, then that's a good opportunity for us. But like I said, I'm not sure it's so much rule driven as it is situation specific.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. As we look at it today, we think the growth markets broadly, and Asia specifically, look quite attractive. And we're comfortable with our level of investment. Having said that, again -- I'll caveat that. And of course, if the world got much brighter or turned the other way, then we'd adjust. But we feel pretty comfortable.
Kian Abouhossein: Yes. But you are constantly beating expectations, and you're kind of -- your mitigation seems to be much well ahead of the curve than I think what you're clearly alluding to in the $700 billion, which doesn't include any mitigation for your proactive measures. And I get the impression that the number that could be achieved is significantly lower, and that's kind of what I'm trying to get to. But we can discuss it afterwards. On the -- just on the Investing & Lending expenses, to be honest, I don't understand that line. I mean, you have expense of about $2 billion to $3 billion. I always think about this business like a private equity business. And your cost-to-income ratio, however, is significantly higher, and your expense line is higher. What is in these expenses? I would have thought this should be more like a 25%, 30% cost-income-ratio business but obviously, I don't understand it. So can you explain to me what these expenses are? I mean, I assume there are only a few hundred people. I assume there are only a few hundred people in this division.
Kian Abouhossein: Yes. Yes. Sorry. The segment Investing & Lending where you give expenses on the filing -- in the filings.
Kian Abouhossein: I mean, there are only few hundred -- I assume there are only a few hundred people running in this division. I can't believe there's thousands of -- I would be even surprised if it's 1,000 people. So I'm just wondering why you're having $2 billion to $3 billion of expenses. Is it interest expenses or is it something else? I just don't understand why there's such a big expense level.
Kian Abouhossein: Okay. And last question, staffing. Can you talk about -- and you've done a great job on reducing staffing this year. But can you talk a little bit about staffing trends that you would expect to see in your business this year? And maybe, business or geography, if there's maybe a mix change.
Kian Abouhossein: And should we -- does that mean -- staffing sounds like -- it's fair to say that staffing levels today are not -- shouldn't be too dissimilar to the end of this year.
