David Solomon: Sure. So thanks for the question, Glenn. And look, at a high level, the targets remain in place. And our confidence in the targets and our ability to deliver those targets is high, and we're very focused on them. We continue to make progress in the fundraising, and we highlighted it in the context of the script. And we have a series of offerings that are coming over the course of the next 18 months. And while certainly I'd say that private equity fundraising environment is more constrained and the alternative fundraising environment is broadly more constrained, I would highlight just the fact that we have a very, very broad franchise, a very, very diverse sense of offering at -- sets of offerings and that there's a lot of opportunity that comes out of an environment like this. And I actually think from a vintage perspective, the opportunity to put money to work in this environment when we look forward and then when we look back, it's probably something that will be very, very attractive. We're obviously shifting the macro environment, as we've talked about. That's going to create headwinds around valuations, and there's been a big reset. On the other hand, if you have dry powder or you have interesting strategies -- you highlighted some. I think lending strategies will be quite attractive in this environment. I think there's good institutional capital and, candidly, good capital out of the wealth channel still available to support these strategies. So we're taking a long-term approach to growing these businesses. The businesses are growing nicely. We've set targets that we'll continue to meet. And I know that if we have a good broad offering for our clients, that we'll continue to have success in this. And candidly, this is one of the reasons why we're integrating Asset and Wealth Management is as we believe by putting these platforms together, we have the best eye and the best breadth to really understand where the opportunities are to serve our clients and also where the opportunities are for good performance.
David Solomon: Sure. And so first, I just want to amplify, I said in the script, we continue to be committed to our forward targets. And there's nothing about the environment or the way we're running the firm that doesn't lead us to believe that we can deliver on the targets that we would set over the course of the coming years, whether the return target or also the efficiency target that we've set. And we're tracking a number of KPIs and continue to be very focused on that. The realignment of the firm is really driven by our ability to serve clients. That is the most important thing that's coming out of this. And we've been very, very focused on wallet share and client share broadly. We've made real improvements over the last few years, and we think this further aligns those goals and that capability. Now in this realignment, we are making a purposeful shift as we think about our direct-to-consumer business. And I'd just highlight that one of the things that changes by aligning our direct-to-consumer business with our wealth business and people that are on our wealth platform is that the forward spend for customer acquisition is meaningfully lower. And so of course, as you look at that, that's helpful in the overall returns of the firm. But I would highlight that just the numbers, either way we were looking at it are small in the context of businesses, our core businesses, banking and markets, asset and wealth management. And I don't think any of this was having a big impact on our ability to meet our targets or the pace at which we will meet our targets. We do think, and this is why we're doing this, that this is a better way for us to align the business and move the business forward. And so that's why we've made this purposeful shift. But again, I'd just amplify, these are not big numbers in the context of our meeting our targets when you look at the overall performance of the firm.
David Solomon: Well, at the moment, we continue to be extremely focused on our businesses and the growth and the things that we have on our plate in front of us. As you know, we made a couple of acquisitions. We're in the process of integrating those acquisitions in. And at the moment, that's where our focus lies. As we go forward in the future, if there are opportunities to accelerate the growth, particularly in Asset and Wealth Management, we'll consider them. But at the moment, we remain very focused on integrating these acquisitions and executing on the things that we have in front of us.
David Solomon: Christian, we've been -- it's interesting because I know you follow us closely, and we've been talking about a variety of things in this. If you go back to our investor update at the beginning of the year, we highlighted a lot of the synergies between banking and markets and how we were working to get those client activities more closely aligned. We also highlighted in our update at the beginning of the year the synergies between Asset and Wealth. And then when John spoke at the Bernstein conference in May, we put a big, big spotlight on the synergies we thought bringing Asset Management and Wealth Management closer together. So it's not that by doing this that we're doing something dramatically different. We've been driving the firm in this direction with respect to client service and One GS for a number of years. And we think as we've done that and we've looked at that and we've learned, we think by organizing the firm this way, it makes it easier for investors to understand and see how we look at our client set and how we're operating against that client set. And so we view it as a natural progression that strengthens our ability to deliver for clients. And so that's why we've moved in this direction. That's with the big businesses, banking and markets and Asset and Wealth Management. On Platform Solutions, we have a bunch of these platforms where we're making investments. We think they're very interesting. They're growing. They require more focus. This alignment of them allows us to shine a brighter, more transparent light on them. And we're very committed to driving them to profitability and a meaningful contribution over time. And we think by organizing this way, it allows us to maintain that focus on what is a small piece of the business, but one that I think in the future allows us a differentiated opportunity to serve our corporate and institutional clients.
David Solomon: Well, I think, Christian, what -- the steps that we've taken today are reflective of the learnings. And whenever you innovate and you build new platforms and new things, you're always going to be constantly looking and examining what you're doing and saying what have we learned, how can we do this better? I'd say I'm very proud of the team in our Consumer business, the markets team broadly. When I look at the deposit platform that's been built and the growth from zero to over $110 billion of deposits over the last six years, we have 15 million customers on the platform. I think we have a very unique credit card technology that's differentiated. We have a couple of extraordinary partnerships. I think that when you look at all of that together, we have some very good things, but one of the things I think we've learned is that the ability to scale that and attract customers and the direct-to-consumer business needs to be focused in a more directed way. And so we're focusing it by aligning it with our Wealth business where we have access to millions of people. And so I still see a terrific opportunity to take what a really, really interesting digital products and in being aligned with our Wealth business, provide those products and services to clients and customers at Goldman Sachs.  In addition, I think the partnerships that we've built also provide good opportunities for us to serve corporate clients with very, very interesting digital capabilities and allow them to ultimately serve their end customers or clients. And so yes, there have been bumps. Not everything has been perfect. I think that always happens when you're innovating. But I also think we've built meaningful things that create meaningful opportunities for the firm as we go forward. And in particular, our ability to have a more diversified funding base and a big deposit platform that we can grow from here and an ability to offer Wealth customers on our platform a broad array of services, I think, positions us well as we move forward.
David Solomon: So there's no -- the first part of your question, Betsy, there's no aspect of the services that we're offering to consumers that we don't continue to offer. The big thing, though, is this alignment that we are aligned with our Wealth business, and that gives us an audience of millions of people that we can focus on with lower customer acquisition costs and their lower forward spend as we grow or add those services to people. With respect to the Apple Card, I made a statement this morning that we extended and amended the partnership with Apple. I just highlighted that it's very unusual for two partners to change one of these partnerships in the middle of a partnership like this. But I think it goes to the fact that it's a very, very strong partnership where there's a lot of opportunity, but because we were doing something innovative with the technology and embedding the technology and Apple's platform, there were different results than we had expected. I mean one of the positive results was very, very good for consumers, if consumers have an ability and, therefore, are more actively paying down their credit card balances more quickly. That led to different modeled results in terms of what kind of balances you'd have with a certain population on the platform. And so in looking at the forward arrangement, the platform has to work for both us and Apple. Apple believe that. We believe that. And so we made changes to make sure that this is attractive for both of us as we move forward and continue to try to deliver really valuable digital financial wellness and access to consumers that are on the platform.
David Solomon: So Mike, we're not giving complete transparency on the four-wall look at the Consumer business. It doesn't make money at the moment. I'm not going to go further than that. But what I will say, the deposits are hugely valuable. And we do believe as the platform scales and you stop the pace of growth that we've had, so you're not front-loading reserves the same way, that what we're doing will deliver accretive returns to the firm. And so we continue to feel very, very confident with that. Not everything that's reported is accurate and reflects the journey of innovating and building something like this, but we continue to feel very good about what we've built. We're making some shifts that we think play to our strength and strengthen our ability to accelerate the pace of these tools, this activity contributing to the firm. I'd highlight that the overall performance and the firm -- the firm's overall performance and our targets remain the same. And so again, I know this gets a lot of attention. I understand why it gets a lot of attention, and that's all okay. But we've set targets. We're going to deliver on those targets, and we're going to make investments in things that we think strengthen the firm, and this is one of them.
David Solomon: Well, I appreciate that, Mike. And look, it's very generous of you to account 150 years of history, but I just highlight firm looked very different in the 1860s than it looked in the 1920s, than it looked in the 1960s. The firm continues to grow and change. I joined Goldman Sachs in 1999, and it was 23 years ago as a partner, it was a fraction of what Goldman Sachs is today. So we're a big business. We have very big businesses. And of course, our Investment Banking and markets business is core to who we are. It will continue to be core to who we are. It drives our earnings and performance. It drives what we're associated with. . We've built over a number of decades a very, very powerful Asset and Wealth Management business, what we're bringing together today. We're the fifth largest active asset manager in the world, and we think we've got a real opportunity to grow that. I understand now that people accept that as being core to Goldman Sachs. When we started back in the '80s, I don't think people viewed it as core. But we also have 11,000 engineers here, and we're doing some very, very interesting things as the world is changing and the world is evolving with technology. After the financial crisis, the regulatory structure came, and we became a bank. And it was clear we needed deposits and we needed to diversify our funding. And so what Platform Solutions represents is a handful of smaller business opportunities relative to the scale of Goldman Sachs that we're investing in where we think we have a capability to serve our clients. We've, I think, done some very interesting things in Transaction Banking, as we've outlined. I think this card partnership is very, very interesting in terms of what it's allowing us to do. And so we think it's an opportunity. It's still small relative to Goldman Sachs. It's less than 5%, but we think it's an opportunity worth investing into as we continue to broaden the scope and scale of what Goldman Sachs can do for our clients. And that's kind of the way we're thinking about it.
David Solomon: But Brennan, just to amplify, we're committed to our efficiency target. It was never meant to be a target that would be hit absolutely in every single year exactly the same way. And so this obviously has been a tougher operating environment, and it's having an impact. But we remain committed to the target and are operating the firm to deliver on that target.
David Solomon: Yes. No, Brennan, I appreciate that. There's no question that the aspiration is probably got more communicated in a way that they were broader than where we're now choosing to go. And we are making it clear that we're going back on some of that. Now we have built some things. We have a checking platform. We have an investing platform. And if you are aligning us with wealth and you have wealth customers, wealth customers can use those things, but it's very, very different to have those capabilities and be able to use them on a broad wealth platform versus directly marketing them to independent consumers on mass. And I think one of the big learnings over the last few years is that we're better to play to our strength. And now our focus is -- I think the technology with Gold is very, very good, and we can now connect it to millions of people that are on our platform, and that is a narrowing of the focus for sure. It is a purposeful shift, tried to make that clear in the script. And I think it plays the strength that we have. But we are a bank. We need deposits. We are a wealth platform. People around a wealth platform want an ability to leave money here. Actually, if you look at other wealth platforms, they have banking capabilities attached to them. And so I think we're strengthening our ability as a broad wealth platform. And I want to amplify this workplace wealth channel where we have access to millions of people is a very, very interesting place for us to attach some of the stuff that we've now built. So I think we've made a significant investment. We are narrowing our focus very clearly, but I still think there are opportunities for us. And again, I want to amplify our other businesses are performing. They drive the overall results. This is still small in the overall scheme of Goldman Sachs, but we think that it's additive, and that's why we're trying to focus it and drive it forward in the best way. And I appreciate the comment that shareholders haven't been excited about it. And that certainly affects some of our decision-making.
David Solomon: Yes. I would say, Devin, at a high level, we're tightening economic conditions very, very quickly. And when you tighten economic conditions, it has an impact on these things. I think the impact lagged a little bit. I do think there's been a big reset in the capital markets for IPOs, for debt financing. People have to get their minds around the valuations, the cost of capital. I think that reset is occurring. History would tell you that capital markets generally don't stay close no matter what the environment. They don't stay closed for years at a time because people have to move forward. They have to operate their businesses. They have to raise capital. And so they adjust to the new environment. That said, the prospects for economic growth are uncertain in 2023. And so I think there are going to be headwinds. So I expect a more cautious or a bumpier capital markets and M&A environment as we head into 2023. I think we need more clarity on the trajectory of the economy and the trajectory of inflation to really see all that stuff accelerate from the levels it's operating at today.
David Solomon: Look, Matt, I think it's always hard to predict. But I think if you want to go back to the period before the pandemic, I do think the level of client activity and a shifting macroeconomic environment has created a larger wallet. I think one of the things that we benefited from, and we continue to try to amplify this, is we've grown our wallet share by over 300 basis points since 2019. So we're benefiting from the fact that the available wallet is larger and has been larger for the last couple of years. But in addition, with 300 basis points of wallet share growth, that's also improved our position. So I do think clients are active. We have a truly global franchise. It's broad. It's deep. We're very, very focused on our market share position with the leading clients. I can't tell you what the future will bring, but I just think that our franchise is extremely well positioned. Whatever that opportunity is, our relative positioning against that opportunity to serve our clients is strong.
David Solomon: Well, it's hard to pull it apart. I mean if global peers are pulling back capital and resources that they allocate, the people who are committed to it, the big U.S. players are going to benefit. But I actually think the big thing that has driven our share gains is the fundamental shift in the client philosophy of the firm, the investment in the One Goldman Sachs ethos, I think it's had a material impact on our Global Markets business. And I think it's affected our shares. I think the team in that division has executed in a very, very strong way against that. It’s improved our client relationships, improved our positioning materially with the top 100 clients. I know you know that we set out a few years ago and said we were 40 -- we had 44 of the top 100 that we were in the top 3 with. We're now in the top 3 with over 75. That's been a very coherent -- very focused effort to improve our client positioning. I think that's had the biggest impact on our market shares.
David Solomon: I don't think it's simple for sure, Gerard. I think it's still pretty uncertain. I do think we have to get to a point where we better understand the trajectory of inflation and, therefore, understand the trajectory of economic growth going forward. The Fed is executing and has sent some very, very clear goals as to where they're going to the tightening cycle in the near term, but I think there's uncertainty whether or not that will get inflation to a place where the policy will shift going forward. And so I think we're in an uncertain period. I think that this warrants, and we're operating the firm this way with a sense of caution as we look forward. But we'll have to watch closely. But I don't have a clear answer for you as to whether or not -- if we get to the Fed's current trajectory, we'll be in a place where economic growth prospects will improve as we look ahead from 2023 into 2024. I think that's still relatively uncertain.
David Solomon: So I appreciate the question, Jeremy. I mean this is actually something that we started building decades ago. It started with the acquisition of Ayco. I'm going to get the date wrong, but it was in the early 2000s. I think it was approximately 18 to 20 years ago, which would -- which allowed us to basically affiliate with corporate partners to provide wealth management services and financial counseling to executives that then spread into the organization more broadly than just senior executives. But that business has grown nicely, and that was the building block under which we built this. And today, I think we deal with more than half of the Fortune 100 and hundreds of companies in the Fortune 1000. It's through that platform and then with the addition of United Capital, which was investment we obviously made a few years ago, that gave us a broader high net worth footprint that's allowed us to do more to service more of the clients in the corporations we were partnered with. And then we've added digital solutions that we've been building over the last few years that allow us to reach any member of the team. So we have certain companies that we're partnered with where we're offering financial wellness to hundreds of thousands of employees, which ultimately can become wealth clients or depositors or come on to our platform more broadly. So the building blocks are in place. They've been put in place over a long period of time. And over the last couple of years, we've started to execute much more directly across that. And you're right, now we're amplifying what we've invested in there and trying to highlight that and make sure that some of the other pieces that we've built are aligned with that so we can strengthen it and grow it. But we think it's a big opportunity for the firm.
David Solomon: So Mike, look, appreciate the question, and it's a good question. And I just start by the fact that the firm has a very, very strong risk management culture and is always focused on risk management, risk mitigation and trying to look around corners and think about what's coming. So I've tried in a number of questions today to highlight that I think things are uncertain, that we're being cautious. I think we've taken a number of actions inside the firm as we think about our risk lens in a variety of places and we think about our RWA allocation, as we think about things that we're doing to try to operate as let's be prepared for a more difficult environment. Now obviously, we have exposure to that because we're a large financial firm. So you can't 100% protect yourself from that. But there is no question that we're trying to take actions to make sure we're well positioned. I think you saw during the quarter that we grew our capital buffer during the quarter. I think that's reflective of a conscious decision in this environment to ran a little bit more cautiously, a little bit more conservatively. We've been watching what's been going on in markets across the UK And when we see things like that, we reflect back and spend a lot of time digging in and thinking about other places where those things can be amplified. And so we're extremely focused on issues like that. And I would just say that I think the world is fragile at the moment, and it's uncertain. And we're operating through that lens. We're big financial institutions. So we have exposure. If there were -- if there was bigger volatility or bigger problems, we could potentially have exposure to them. But on the other hand, I think that we've got a very broad global deep franchise. And we're well capitalized, and we're very focused on this. And we're going to continue to be zealous in our risk management practices to make sure on a relative basis, whatever the world throws at us, we'll serve our clients well and operate well for ourselves and our shareholders.
Denis Coleman: And Glenn, I can add from an alternatives perspective, we mentioned growth of $12 billion in new commitments in the quarter. That brings year-to-date to $57 billion, just shy of $60 billion. We now sit at $164 billion towards our increased $225 billion target. We continue to migrate our alternatives into AUS that sits now at $256 billion of alternatives AUS. So despite the environment, we continue to make progress towards our fundraising goals, particularly in alternatives.
Denis Coleman: Glenn, thank you -- thanks for the question on RWA. As you note, our RWAs were down slightly on a quarter-over-quarter basis. We have been focused on managing our RWA footprint tightly. Within that number, you'll see reductions in terms of market-based RWAs and increases in credit RWAs. And we're being very thoughtful about the way in which we allocate and deploy RWA capacity to drive efficiencies as well as scale franchise growth activities. And FICC financing happens to represent an attractive opportunity in terms of our RWA deployment. And so that's one of the reasons why you see the ongoing focus in the growth of the FICC financing line.
Denis Coleman: Sure. So if we take a step back, we look at our overall level of operating expenses year-to-date, they're down 6% compared to the prior year-to-date period. They are up 1% sequentially, drivers obviously across both comp and non-comp. If you look at the non-compensation growth over the course of the last year, roughly half of that is attributable to expenses associated with the integration and run rate of NNIP and GreenSky together with change in litigation. So that is representing about half. On the balance, as David indicated, we do see some impact from inflation. We do see the impact of higher levels of transaction-based expenses, but we are also taking actions to reduce expenses within the overall non-compensation category where we can. You may note that on a quarter-over-quarter basis, we reduced our professional fees, something that we indicated in our previous earnings release. And we're going to continue to think very, very disciplined about the way in which we deploy non-compensation expenditures striking the balance of driving towards our efficiency ratio but as well as making the investments that we think are appropriate to continue to strengthen and grow the firm.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thank you, Steven. Let me cover that in a bit of detail for you. So obviously, on the $527 million equity line, there's a number of components. As we mentioned previously, we have a public equity portfolio, and that contributed positively north of $200 million for the third quarter. And then also within the private portfolio, you have a number of things that are going on within our private equity portfolio. We have roughly $0.5 billion of event-driven gains that came through over the course of the third quarter, whether those be capital raising activities, strategic transactions or the operating expenses from our CIEs, those positive gains were offset by markdowns in our private equity portfolio, particularly in TMT and Consumer.
Denis Coleman: Betsy, it's Denis. Thanks for that question. Our position is, we remain focused on targeting the 3% GSIB, same message we gave at the end of the second quarter. We're one quarter closer to the end of the year. We are on track to achieve the 3% GSIB level. As we indicated in the second quarter, I would reiterate now that should the opportunity set with clients or the market generally change, we could pivot away from that. But from where we sit right now today, looking into year-end, we remain focused on the 3% GSIB.
Denis Coleman: Brennan, I'll take that for you. Thanks for the question. As David indicated earlier, we remain very committed to our firm-wide targets, and we're going to look to achieve them over the medium term. The efficiency ratio is one of those. We will not necessarily hit that target each and every year. This is probably one of those years. It's not been a top quartile environment for performance. But that being said, we are pulling the levers that we can pull. You'll note that our compensation and benefits on a year-to-date basis is down 21%. And we're going to make sure that we size that to account for our performance in line with our pay per performance orientation but also with respect to our targets. And finally, remaining mindful that labor markets remain tight, and our talent is important to our franchise. But you can see the movement we're making in our compensation year-to-date as a component of the overall efficiency ratio. And then on the non-compensation side, that remains very much a focus, and we will look to continue to make progress on non-comp with the goal of driving towards the efficiency target.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thank you for that question. So maybe just some observations across deposit flows across the firm given the changing environment. On the consumer side of the equation, continuing to perform and outperform our expectations. Our focus is on continuing to attract deposits. We are deliberately positioning ourselves within the competitive envelope. And so -- in such a fashion that we can attract deposits. We do not intend to be the price leader, but we do intend to remain competitive. It's obviously an entirely digital offering. We're not burdened with a lot of other cost and infrastructure. And so we have some flexibility to position our pricing in such a manner that we can attract deposits to continue to grow the firm. Obviously, this is something that will change over the entirety of the cycle. But thus far, it's outperforming our own expectations. On the other hand, institutional activity through Transaction Banking, we're observing that, that is more competitive. There is -- there are more deposits that people are seeking to raise through those channels, being more disciplined. And so we do see more competition for raising deposits through that channel relative to the consumer channel.
Denis Coleman: So thank you for acknowledging that. Obviously, on top of that, our overall growth in management and other fees add up 15% year-over-year; in the last quarter, had almost $2.25 billion. We're well on our way to both our $10 billion total and $2 billion alternative fee targets. And the reality of attracting these types of flows over this period in time, a lot of that has to do with work and performance and track record that has been done previously. Some of these particular flows have longer lead times. Other, shorter lead times. But looking at both the alternative commitments that we were able to secure in the quarter, looking at the change to our alternatives U.S. on the quarter, which was very strong, and then looking at our inflows across the more traditional channels, we are very pleased with the activity that we saw in that regard over the course of the third quarter. And we're very focused on continuing to drive that going forward.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thank you. I mean, obviously, for the firm overall, loan growth was just about $1 billion quarter-over-quarter. But we do continue to see good opportunities, particularly across the Wealth Management segment. You saw better growth in that segment. It's a high-quality lending opportunity for us. And we're leveraging an existing set of relationships in existing franchise that's very much in place. We've obviously been recognized for our advice and solution-oriented way in serving those clients, but we are finding that increasingly, they're looking for us also to provide financing to them. And so we're making sure that we're very focused on supporting them as holistically as possible. And we see good opportunities on the floor to continue to grow those types of financing activities.
Denis Coleman: So thank you, Gerard. It's Denis. So I think as indicated in some of the previous comments and outlined at that original Investor Day, we are very focused on diversifying the funding mix, also benefiting from the pricing and the stickiness of that channel. We've developed, since that period of time, multiple deposit funding channels. The digital markets platform is one of them. Transaction Banking is another. In terms of that original goal of changing the mix, we have achieved that. We continue to be very, very focused on moving that mix. You'll see on a quarter-over-quarter basis that we have improved our deposits, reduced our other unsecured funding. So we remain focused on that. It's an attractive source of funding for us. It also fits within the overall strategic realignment that we've been discussing.
Denis Coleman: Sure. Thank you for that. In terms of a quarter change, a lot of that change is attributable to campus hires based on time of year. Our new classes of starting professionals occurs during the third quarter. We mentioned an intention to slow hiring velocity. We have indeed followed through on that topic and references to strategic growth initiatives. That's to say that slowing down the velocity of hires does not mean that we're not still making hires in the market. We have a lot of attractive opportunities to grow the firm. There's a lot of talent inside of Goldman Sachs. There's also talent outside of Goldman Sachs that we can add to our team to continue to strengthen our ability to deliver for clients. So we are focused on overall levels of headcount growth, looking to slow it, but also remaining nimble and strategic with respect to strategic hires.
