David A. Viniar: Okay, I'll try. So I said a lot of this in what I started with, but let me just give you a little bit -- a little more, Glenn. We don't believe there was really any impairment of our franchise at all during the quarter, but I don't want to sugarcoat things. I think we underperformed during the quarter. So just a little more on that. Every business, as I imagine, had positive revenues. So it's not like there were big losses somewhere. Volumes were lower, but they weren't a lot lower, which is why I tell that we don't think there was any impairment of our franchise. We have certain -- I mean, it's harder to figure out volumes in some of the FICC businesses than it is in Investment Banking, where you have league tables and you have volume numbers. But we have several measures that we use, and I would tell you that they were down but down modestly. Given some of the macro uncertainties that we saw, many of which were driven by political rather than economic issues -- so they're much harder to analyze, certainly for us -- we didn't manage the market-making inventory that we get as well as we have in the past. That was true across the franchise. It was especially true in Europe and Asia, where many of these macro political concerns existed. As a result, we retained very, very little risk. You saw what our VaR numbers were on average across the quarter, and I will tell you at the end of the quarter, they were even lower than they were throughout the quarter. In hindsight, given the way things unfolded, that may have been a bad decision; it may not have been a bad decision. We don't know, and we may not know for a while, but the position that we made. And again, given that, we -- without sugarcoating, we did underperform during the quarter. Now one of the very, very few quarters since our IPO that we've underperformed, in fact, but we did. We're disappointed in the results. We're glad that it's really nothing to do with our franchise, and we're very focused on doing better in the future.
David A. Viniar: I don't think there's such a thing as a run rate in FICC. I don't think there's anything normal. Look, we're 11 days into this quarter, so it's very hard to make assumptions on what's going to happen going forward. And let me give you all the caveats. It's, a, it's 11 days. B, it's the third quarter, which includes August every year, you can't avoid it, it will this year. C, there are other things besides our trading business. And we have, obviously, a position ICBC, other principal investments. You've seen what's going on in the equity market. That's not so good, although that comes and goes. But as far as trading goes, while our risk remains quite low right now, it feels a little better so far in the second quarter. Let me again caveat, that it's only 11 days into the quarter, but so far, it feels a little better.
David A. Viniar: So a couple of things. First, just to be clear, that's $1.2 billion of run rate. You're not going to see a $1.2 billion reduction in this year's expenses. A lot of that we'll do this year, but you won't see the expenses until next year. Second of all, that does not include -- when I say comp and non-comp, that does not include lowering people's compensation. So that comp would be a reduction of hedge, which would therefore be a compensation -- a reduction in compensation. And look, we think that given, a, some of the regulatory uncertainties, but b, some of the economic uncertainties, it looks like the environment's going to be somewhat slower for the foreseeable future. And so we decided that it made sense at this point to cut some level of expenses to be more efficient.
David A. Viniar: We don't know any more than you know about when things are going to come out. We think that there will be drafts some time this year, but exactly when, we're not sure.
David A. Viniar: I would tell you, a, it's more of an art than a science. It was done business-by-business. We looked at what we thought the opportunity set was going to be going forward, where both business-by-business, region-by-region. So it's not -- while it is somewhat, excuse me, across the board, it's not exactly the same everywhere. And we tried to say what do we think the opportunity's going to be, and how many people do we need, and what do we need to cut back in expenses to have appropriate returns for our shareholders.
David A. Viniar: Yes. In -- I think that's one of the things that really drove the equity number. There were a fair number of realizations within there. The market were down. So obviously, the mark-to-market on public securities was actually a negative in the quarter. But on the private securities, we're up a fair amount, and of what was up, probably 60% was realized.
David A. Viniar: Look, we want to do 2 things. A, as you know, we want to keep our share count at least flat, no more -- no higher than flat from our equity-based compensation. And we do try and adjust it a little bit based on where we think the share price is. And we have very, very strong capital ratios. We continue to generate capital through earnings, as well as through compensation. And so we want to be prudent. We're probably going to keep high-end capital ratios for a while, higher than most others, because we think it makes sense in this market. But we're going to be -- also be prudent in returning capital to shareholders as we think it's okay.
David A. Viniar: Yes, yes and yes. Right now, we're under Basel I, and so we're going to -- we have to, obviously, pay attention to that. And we will continue to keep, as I said, high-end capital ratios, without being more specific. But we're also looking out towards Basel III, because we know that's coming. We're -- as we've told you, we're -- we'd be at around 8% if we were looking at it today. If you look out just a couple of years before many of the requirements kick in and you make some assumptions on consensus earnings and just passive mitigation with things just rolling off without us doing anything, you get to like 11%, close to 11% numbers. And so those are pretty high end. I wouldn't expect we'll run things much higher than that.
David A. Viniar: No. I wouldn't say so. I don't actually think it was a risk management issue. It's, as I said, it's not like we had losses. Maybe we made a bad decision in taking too little risk. I don't know. I'm not sure we would do anything differently with hindsight. And one of the difficult things for us, if you look across the volatility in the markets, a lot of it was driven by political rather than economic issues. That's an environment that's very hard to analyze, very difficult for us. And so in that type of environment, we took risk down a fair amount. And therefore, again, not to pull punches, we underperformed.
David A. Viniar: I can give you now kind of general as opposed to all the specifics you asked for. On a net basis, Guy, our exposure is actually pretty modest. We have, I would say, total for the 5 that I think you're referring to, between $1.5 billion and $2 billion of exposure. It's really pretty modest.
David A. Viniar: How about if we follow up with you on that offline a little bit, we'll give you some more detail. But I wouldn't -- don't take that to mean anything. Our gross exposure is not all that big either. We're -- we've been pretty cautious in that region for a while, but the net is really modest.
David A. Viniar: As we sit here now, and of course, as you know, things can change, the headcount reductions that would be associated with that $1.2 billion I talked about would be in the range of 1,000 people globally. And that would come over the course of this year and then we'll see next year.
David A. Viniar: Let me answer the second question first, which is no. We would not expect to run at a 200-basis-point excess over whatever our minimum is. That would be higher. We would expect to run lower than that. I think you're right. Somewhere in the 100-ish basis point range, depending on what the minimum is, might be where we would be. On the first one, but we, without giving too much detail on our conversation with the Fed, we're very comfortable that we have the authorizations we would like to have for the remainder of this year. As you know, that is authorized cap plans for this year, next year is next year. We think we can buy back what makes sense for us to buy back over the rest of the course of this year. We will calibrate that based on performance, share price, the environment and a bunch of other things. But I think we'll be reasonable in our buybacks.
David A. Viniar: Look, we'll -- we will certainly buy some stock back at one times book today. That's going to make sense for us to do in this environment. We will probably want -- we think the market is going to look at capital requirements. And when the capital requirements are known, they're going to expect people to be there pretty quickly. We'll probably get there pretty quickly, but that doesn't mean we're going to have to run above it.
David A. Viniar: I think what you saw, really, across all credit products, was that cash declined more than the revenues.
David A. Viniar: We've talked before. There are 2 businesses we had that we knew we were not going to be able to operate in the -- under the Volcker rules. Those being 2 prop businesses, GSPS and Global Macro Prop. We've shut those down. There's no other business that we think we have that we won't be able to operate. Some will have to be smaller. Some will have to be different. In our merchant banking business, we know that we won't be able to have more than 3% equity in any of the private equity funds. We still think that's going to be a really good business for Goldman Sachs. We think it's going to be important for our clients to be able to vest along side of us. We think our franchise will still be able to find really good opportunities, and we think earning fees and overrides on that will be good for the firm. And so that's probably the next business that will be most effective. So, no, we don't think it will be better in someone else's hands. We're still pretty optimistic about that. Now subject to whatever the final rules are, we will continue to evaluate things as the rules come out. And if we think differently then we'll take action. But right now, we don't think that.
David A. Viniar: Look, I think that we continue to go through the risk mitigation. We still are several years away from any of those things having to happen. And so we're not really going to take actions now, because it wouldn't make any sense. But we'll continue to analyze those and take actions that are appropriate and, more importantly, not do things that are long dated that will have very high risk-weighted asset charges above and beyond what the returns could warrant. I think the only places that you're really seeing repricing of things is in tranche credit. Anything that's structured credit, which is the things that are most severely hit by the capital rules, you're seeing some adjustment present.
David A. Viniar: I'm actually glad you asked that question, Kian, because I should have mentioned it before. The reason I mentioned the dollars first is because we're much more focused on the dollars that the savings we'll create than the number of heads. And so businesses are actually looking to get to a dollar number. That's why I gave you a number like in the range of 1,000 heads, because it could be somewhat more, it could be somewhat less. And we're still working through exactly what it's going to be from a seniority level, but it's really more dollar focused than head focused. And so it's going to be -- the long way of saying it, it's going to be some more senior, some more junior people. As far as businesses, as I said, I'm not going to be very specific on which businesses. It's not going to be a lot in the growth market, because that continues to be a big strategic plus for Goldman Sachs. And it is broad based, but some businesses more than others.
David A. Viniar: I do not believe there is such a thing as a run rate in FICC. I think it is -- and we've -- you've heard me say this before, I think it's a very dangerous thing when we had our highest quarter ever in the first quarter of 2009, and people said, "Is this the new run rate?" I said, "No. It is not a run rate." When we had our lowest quarter before this quarter, in the fourth quarter of last year and now this quarter, I would tell you, no, this is not a run rate. I think it is very sensitive to what the economic environment is, what the activity levels are and what our clients are doing. And so I think to think that there is a run rate is a very dangerous thing.
David A. Viniar: I think you -- if you're saying, is that an indication of what a definition of our underperformance in the first quarter, I mean, you can do that analysis and the numbers are right. To say that that's a good way to model going forward, I just think, you don't know.
David A. Viniar: So first, just not to pick over this, but in the first half, you're correct. It was 8%. But obviously, the repayment of the Berkshire Hathaway preferred was a really unusual thing. Without that, it would have been 10%. I think our normal desire is to get to 20%. I think it's going to be very tough in this environment, very tough in this year. I'd be surprised if we did that this year. It's very hard for me to target ROEs. Tell me what the economic environment's going to be, and I can do a better job of telling you what it's going to be. But we just don't know what the economic environment is going to be the second half of this year.
David A. Viniar: Again, have a lower comp ratio with lower revenues, it tends to go the other way. But as you know and you've seen the last several years, we're very prudent with our compensation. We take the firm's performance into account. And if performance is lower, compensation's going to be lower.
David A. Viniar: Well, we hope it's not the first swipe, because it's painful to do, and we don't want to do this more than once. It's based on our assessments of the opportunities set looking forward and how we need to size the firm to take advantage of those. And as I say, it's not a science but more of an art.
David A. Viniar: Oh, I'm sorry. That's related to hedge. Look, I think there is actually a fair amount of non-comp that is related to hedge, but the second biggest expense after compensation is really a step function expense because it's occupancy. And you have a building or you don't have a building. Most of our buildings are big buildings. And so if we cut some hedge in New York, that wouldn't cut our occupancy expense. There's lots of other non-comp expenses, like travel and telecom and market data and all kinds of things like that, that go with headcount, but one of the biggest expenses does not.
David A. Viniar: We continue to invest in the business. We think it is a very important business for Goldman Sachs. We think that within the context of the firm, it has the most stable revenues of the businesses we're in. We think that's important. We think that our client relationships give us great opportunities to gather assets. We think that our private wealth business within asset management is a really, really important asset-gathering business and a really, really important business. So we think, look, it's one of the few businesses -- and we know we're not the leader in that business -- and we have real opportunities to grow, and we're very focused on doing that.
David A. Viniar: That's the total authorization that we have now from the board, not -- from our board's authorization, that's not the Fed's authorization. That's our board's authorization. That's the total that we can buy back over time.
David A. Viniar: Yes, I -- yes, we could do that. I could imagine we would do that. We're not terribly anxious to decrease our capital, and I don't think we would do it dramatically. But yes, in an environment exactly like you described, I think we absolutely could, and very well might, buy back more than we earned in a quarter.
David A. Viniar: It had nothing at all to do with regulatory uncertainty. It was the economic uncertainty and the difficulty we had in managing the clients' revenue inventory that we had. And we just thought it was prudent given that uncertainty, and the fact that a lot of the uncertainty was caused by political factors that were really, in our view, beyond analysis, caused us to do it. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division And can you compare or contrast the U.S. versus Europe versus Asia? When you had wider spreads in the U.S. a couple of years ago, you benefited. I'm assuming you had some wider spreads in Europe, and I just wondered if you benefited from there.
David A. Viniar: Part of the issue, for us at least, as I said with that -- a lot of what was happening in the markets, at least, it felt to us, were not driven by the underlying economic issues but by political issues. Markets were moving based on statements. That's very hard for us to analyze, and we found it hard to take advantage of. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Is that still the case? Because you say the first few days are going better in the third quarter.
David A. Viniar: It depends on what the rules are, what the capital charges are and what -- and how much we clear. So I don't know how to answer the question until we have more clarity on the rules. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division In the past, you implied it would be pretty significant, but you haven't put any numbers to that.
David A. Viniar: It's very hard to quantify. And again, I don't want to sugarcoat this and say, "Oh, no big deal. We just took risk down." We underperformed in the quarter, so I don't want to sugarcoat it. Now there were reasons behind it, but we did, and I want to make sure you hear that. We did take risk down during the quarter. Hard to quantify if we had not taken risk down, what would our results have been. It's very, very hard to quantify, because it depends when and what and how, and it's impossible to go back and know that. I've mentioned every business had positive revenues. So it's not -- and that doesn't mean that on any day, we didn't have losses. We had lost days. You'll see that in the Q. It doesn't mean that certain positions didn't go the wrong way. They did. But overall, when you look over quarter, every business had positive revenues.
David A. Viniar: The only thing I would adjust a tiny bit to what you said, you compared our risk to others' risk. I only know -- I only really focused on ours. We took ours down. I couldn't say we took it down more than others or less than others, but yes, we took ours down. You make that one adjustment, I think everything else you said is correct.
David A. Viniar: Well, I would say just a little differently. I think you saw a pretty precipitous decline in the price of non-agency residential mortgages over the course of June. So I think the ABX was just an indication of that, but I think you did see prices decline in non-agency mortgages over the course of the latter part of the quarter.
David A. Viniar: I actually -- not trying to not answer, I don't have that information with me. I know the net, but I don't know the gross.
David A. Viniar: Oh, sorry. It was less than $100 million, and it was probably 60-ish percent and, in fact, up 40% in equity, something within that range. It was less than $100 million. It was very small.
David A. Viniar: First of all, I'm not going to make a lot of comments on what would happen if there was a downgrade of the U.S. I just hope that it gets resolved, and I suspect that at some point, it will get resolved. And no, I don't see a tougher environment between financial services and DC. I think the regulatory community is trying to do the right thing and get things right and do things that are going to protect the financial system going forward.
Roger A. Freeman: So just to come back to the capital piece here. In terms of net buybacks -- and I think you partially answered this. But given that you've got leading capital ratios among your peers and some of them seem to have authorizations to do more meaningful net buybacks, I mean my question is, is it fair to say that you just haven't asked to do that as opposed to not having been given authorization to do it? And also, as you roll out to that 11 -- call it 11 percentage number under Basel III, I mean, if your minimum is 9%, would you expect to run at a couple of hundred basis points premium to that? Because I thought something more like a 100 is probably where you'd end up.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. And then 2 more quick questions. On the hedging that you talked about in terms of some of the underperformance in FICC. On the mortgage piece, I thought that the derivatives underperformed, went down more than cash kind of during that falloff. I would have thought there would have been a better hedge outcome for you if you were short of that.
Roger A. Freeman: Okay. Okay. And then the last question. In terms of your expense review, does that have any impact on how you're thinking about growing out the -- your emerging market business? That's where a lot of hiring has been.
