Stephen Scherr: Hey, Glenn its Steven. No, there's nothing more to read. We were just on this slide, reiterating the medium term targets that we had set at 10%. I would point out that well reported ROE in 2020, for global markets was 14.1%. The performance ex-litigation that's otherwise allocated to the segment was 18.1%. I think the other point I would make here is that, as we look forward, and as we've commented several times, impossible to know what 2021 and beyond hold in terms of what the industry is presented, but I think there have been some fairly profound structural shift in that business. One, of course, is the expense base is being reduced. The second is we're much more attuned to the sort of agile deployment of capital across. But I think perhaps most important, is the improvement of wallet share and the focus on clients. And David commented a couple of times on the improvement in overall wallet share growing by 120 basis points through three quarters, and we'll see what played out for the full year. But I'd also say that a step up in where we stand with the objective of being top three across the top 100 institutional clients and global markets, I think also reflects that we will capture at or better than our share on a going forward basis. Again, acknowledging that the market may not look as robust on the forward as it did in 2020 for this business, but the structural changes are important.
Stephen Scherr: Thanks Schorr. Yes, thanks so much. So let me take both of those first. On fundraising, I think what's gratifying about the progress made in 2020 was a comment David made about an increasing number of clients new to the firm that are investing with Goldman Sachs. And so, that leaves us optimistic about the prospect of the fundraising pipeline in 2020, which will be across a range of different investing sleeves and we'll start to see, that growing number of investing clients look across a range of different product offerings that we have. On the sell down, we're very attentive and have always been, to the prospect of creating kind of a canyon, and we don't anticipate that to happen and we'll continue to manage with that in mind. Now you draw the right observation, which is, there's $1.8 billion of embedded fees to take, which we will take when gains become irrevocable or irreversible and so that will buffer, but the point here is that, our objective is to reduce the stress loss intensity of that segment. And so we've spoken about $4 billion in balance sheet sales to yield $2 billion of capital relief. We equally have line of sight into another $2.5 billion of sales, which could generate another billion dollars of capital relief. And I'd also point out, though it's not obvious in the way in which the results play, but over the course of the year, we sold $2.1 billion of public equities to offset about $1.9 billion of appreciation in market value and so that equally has capital consequence for us. And so you'll continue to see us move along that road. Finally, on the question or the observation you made about what I was speaking to about what we will do in terms of attributed equity to that segment, that has no bearing on what our objective is, which is to bring capital down. But as CCAR 2020 was higher, more capital came to the firm, we don't keep a corporate segment. So we allocate or attribute that equity out to the segments, by definition, because of its intensity, asset management will pick up more capital. Obviously, on a unit of balance sheet reduction, more capital will come out as we reduce positions, which is why we're confident that we'll maintain at or better than what we're indicating in terms of capital reduction in the segment overall.
Stephen Scherr: The one of the thing I would add to the part of your question you asked about kind of high touch and low touch, which is, if you look at our credit business in FIC, over Q2, Q3 and Q4, what's interesting is in Q2 and Q3, you saw amidst very high volatility, a lot of the sort of bespoke idiosyncratic, block like activity that we've long been known for. What's interesting is, if you look at Q4, we started to see very high portfolio trading going on, rebalancing among asset managers, pension funds, a lot of that going on across our digital platforms. I'd just offer you that Q2, Q3 and then Q4, as a reflection of kind of a more, a broader, more robust business, that's better equipped, better capabled, better positioned to capture what we've long been known to do, as we did in the second and third quarter. And some of the more technology driven, platform driven, trading, that is newer, and quite sticky in the context of what we can keep.
Stephen Scherr: Yes, to the first part of your question, achieving $1.3 billion was annualized savings. So we would realize these savings each and every year. And this was as against kind of entry level expenses, meaning entering into 2020 when we announced them at Investor Day, but this is achieving a $1.3 billion annual run rate savings of which about half has been achieved. The only other thing I would add, on the forward is obviously COVID has accelerated our own thinking about moving populations and taking aggregations of people into different areas and so I think, you know, we feel more assured and confident at our ability to do that, the pace of it, and you'll continue to see that play forward in the achievement is the 1.3 or beyond.
Stephen Scherr: Yes, I mean, I think that, on the forward, you should expect a more moderated level of growth in deposits. As we pull more and more assets into the bank. I think, as I noted in the remarks, we've moved from 15% of assets in the banks to 25%, but importantly, on incremental asset movement, 90% of the lending that's going on, in and around the firm is being booked in bank entities that will consume deposit funding that goes on in the bank entities themselves. I'd also point out that when we speak about bank entities, we're not only speaking about our U.S. Bank, but equally the U.K. and our bank, in Continental Europe, in Germany, all of which have slightly different requirements in terms of the deployment of that funding, but the incremental asset flow is going into the bank, and you're going to start to see continued growth from 25% of the overall firm.
Stephen Scherr: Well, I think the, the abiding observation here is that there is considerable leverage in the business. That is when we'd grow revenue top line by 22% or grow at 17% net of provision for credit loss, you see our comp and benefit line rise by 8%. So there's embedded leverage in this business. I think, as we've also said in the past, and this is reflected a little bit in your question, the comp ratio is going to become much less of a relevant metric in this, in part, because the profile of the business will change. That is, as we grow up, businesses like transaction banking or the consumer business, they will be less comp heavy in terms of overall expense and that ratio will be ultimately less relevant. But I think, for where we are right now, there's considerable leverage in this where we're capable of rewarding our talent for performance overall, but equally doing that on a levered basis, so that our shareholders and shareholders benefit more broadly from the overall performance.
Stephen Scherr: Yes, I think the tech budget is going to continue to grow. It will grow by several $100 million dollars year-over-year. It will do that really for two reasons; one, continued improvement at the core, that is the way in which the firm operates more broadly. It is achievement of some of what David was talking about around automation and the like. And then separately, it will be focused on particular initiatives, like transaction banking, like the consumer business, and so forth. And I think part of, our focus on the efficiencies that we're capable, and the cost savings we're capable of getting is such that those savings can subsidize the investment being made in places like technology around the firm. And so you'll continue to see that investment play out. We have less remedial activity than perhaps some of the other bigger commercial banks have and as much as we have a lot of new tech build and new activity going on. But we're going to continue to look to harvest cost savings to substantially offset the impact of that increased investment.
Stephen Scherr: Yeah. So let me answer the question a couple of ways. First of all, a spot observation on non-comp expense in the year. So, our non-comp was up 8% ex-litigation of about $900 million of non-comp expense increase year-over-year, about two thirds in excess of $600 million was variable expense, BC&E, all of which is related to the volume of activity that's coming through. And so, I just framed that just so you have a sense of how, non-comp framed out over the course of the year. Now, if you look at our achievement of about half of the 1.3 billion of run rate efficiencies that we've set as a target for ourselves, I would say up through the end of 2020, a good proportion of that came out of the compensation side, okay, relative to non-comp. So by that, I mean, we've undertaken a very significant exercise over the course of 2020 at spans and layers, meaning we've looked at the sheer number of people we have in a variety of, of parts of the organization. We've looked at scope of management, and we've been able to sort of achieve efficiencies in that regard. We engaged in a front to back exercise that put more people from an ops and technology point of view, in line of sight of the people in the business, who know and understand what their objectives are and where they're going. Third is we've looked at at location of where many of these people are and have accelerated that. And so that's on the sort of compensation side. On the non-compensation side, I would say that we've done a complete rationalization of campuses in places like London and in Bangalore, harvesting significant savings there, we've moved to a more disciplined and centralized planning tool. We've looked to centralize our expense management through SAP taking multiple platforms and bulling them into one, we've looked to centralize our expense management, through SAP, taking multiple platforms, and pulling them into one, all of these have sort of put us in a position to realize about 50% of the 1.3 billion, and frankly speaking, give us a bit more confidence about what we can achieve on the forward, perhaps in excess of it. And so that may be a bit more granular than you want, but just to lay out sort of the elements, right, of where these expenses are being harvested.
Stephen Scherr: Well, I think, the manner and form of our execution sort of will decide and you know, proceed forward. What I would reiterate is that, right now the Fed is not quite at the SCB regime that had been laid out initially. Remember, SCB was meant to put banks in a position. All banks, if you're above your minimum, you can go about share repurchase, dividend, et cetera. We're not there yet, the Fed has limited what we can do on repurchase. As I spoke about earlier, we will execute to the capacity that we have to repurchase in the first quarter. I don't think it's appropriate for me to comment on the mechanism by which we will do it. But certainly, safe to rely on the fact that we'll look to use our capacity and proceed from there.
Stephen Scherr: Sure, so just to be clear in connection with the back book that we're acquiring relative to the GM partnership, we anticipate taking approximately $200 million of provisions in the first quarter. So to be clear, it's not reflected in 2020. I'm just giving you and the market sort of an indication of what that will be occasioned by the acquisition of that backlog. And that's an accounting, rule and requirements that we are adhering to.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So again, in the fourth quarter, we're taking provision for credit loss of 293 million, I will tell you that embedded in that is a release of about $200 million, occasioned by better macroeconomic observations and adjusting the model and reserve release. That release though was offset in the context of incremental provisions either occasioned by impairments or growth in the overall portfolio. So it's not to reflect anything negative or a negative comment on the state of our performance of the portfolio, but rather growth in it across the whole of the firm. I would say as an aside, we continue to see our consumer portfolio performed better from a credit perspective than even what we had anticipated coming into the crisis. But embedded in the provision is release that release offset by growth and by impairments.
Stephen Scherr: So remember, on the efficiency ratio, and obviously, it's implied by your question, there's revenue and there's an expense component to it. On the revenue side, we saw more growth in 2020, than had been anticipated. But we nonetheless expect levels of growth consistent with what we anticipated at our Investor Day. And I'd also point out that we continue to work on the expense side, as we've spoken about in relation to a number of questions on this call, and there continues to be leverage in the business to the extent that revenue growth doesn't materialize. As we expected, we've got levers to pull on expense, which is why we are comfortable, with a view that will achieve an efficiency ratio at around 60% by 2022. Obviously, we were better than that X litigation in 2020. There will be variability to it. But, there are levers to pull as and to the extent that the growth doesn't play, but we're assuming that it will. And it it's not entirely reliant on global markets.
Stephen Scherr: So I'm going to go back to a response I made to one of the questions earlier, which is, Q2 and Q3 look different than Q4, we experienced and benefited from wider bid offer during the intensity of what played out in Q2 and Q3 and the fact as David has mentioned now several times that we stayed the game and showed up across a range of asset classes helped us and we benefited from that. There's no question that has moved to the back of the year in Q4, you saw compression from what was wide in Q2 and Q3. But there again, wallet share gains benefited us, and equally, playing to both high touch and low touch. And so the advent of what we were doing through marquee, and equally through portfolio trading on these electronic platforms was of equal benefit. So tighter bid offer there as opposed to wider bid offer in Q2. But I think you're seeing a business that is more diverse, broader and in a position to continue to intermediate flows and do so with very high balance sheet velocity.
Stephen Scherr: Since there are no more questions, we'd like to take a moment to thank everybody for joining the call on behalf of the senior management team. We look forward to speaking with many of you in the coming weeks and months and if there any additional questions that arise in the meantime, please don't hesitate to reach out to Heather and her team, otherwise, please stay safe and we look forward to speaking with you on our first quarter call in April. Thank you.
David Solomon: So, Christian, I'll start with that. Good morning and thank you for the question. I -- and we tried to highlight this in the update that we're working to go from a product structure, we handful of products to a much more integrated offering for our customers. And so when you ask about comparison to some of the some of the fintechs, I just say the Fin-techs are much more narrow in scope, in terms of what they offer, and don't have the broad capabilities that we have. And we're betting and we're expanding on for our clients. So just in the context of, the two examples that you gave, and highlighting so fire chime, when you think about spending across both checking and credit cards, when you think about borrowing across credit cards and loans, and you think about savings, and also investing and the investment capabilities that we have as a wealth manager, we have a much broader integrated offering and we continue to get feedbacks of the state-of-the-art product platform. And the digital applications that we have, are really excellent by any standards. So we're going to continue to move forward with that long-term strategy. I don't really have a comment on the valuation of these businesses, although I'm watching with everyone else, and I'm looking at what we have, the number of clients we have, the number of customers the size of our business, the scale that we have as we continue to move forward and I am looking at that opportunity, the growth that we have, and if people like those businesses. I think at some point in time, they should, like and value our business, more fulsomely but we'll continue to execute and wait on that. We really like our model of having a proprietary platform for Marcus, but then also, given our corporate relationships, the potential for partnerships is very, very strong for us. And I think you saw that in our execution this year, by adding four more partnerships by capturing the GM Card, and I think you'll continue to see us do more on this front. And so we feel good about it, but as I said in my comments, we're taking a long term view in what we're doing and none of this will affect our medium term targets that we're working toward at the end of 2022, gets a lot of attention, but it won't affect our targets.
David Solomon: Sure. So NII Christian, as you noted, grew, it was at $1.4 billion for the firm in the quarter. That was driven largely by balance sheet growth, notably in growth markets, and most especially in prime. So our prime balances were up. The challenging aspect for us and the reference made in the context of funding is that our liquidity grew over the quarter, we were slower to adjust, particularly on the retail deposit side pricing of our liabilities and so we didn't capture quite what we wanted. Obviously, we've now brought rates down and so, we're able to sort of allocate that cost out to the business. So liabilities are important. NII expanded because of balance sheet and impact overall net funding costs. And so that's the reference, if you will, to the headwinds notwithstanding prime balance is growing, funding costs were higher than we wanted, that notwithstanding NII grew because of overall balance sheet growth over the course of the quarter in prime and by virtue overall of moving to a higher G-SIB, in the context of meeting client demands.
David Solomon: Sure, so on capital, look, our capital philosophy really remains unchanged, which is we look for opportunities for creative return on investment in capital in the business and equally meeting, you know, client demands that are there. Separate from that, it's my expectation that we will hit our first quarter repurchase expectations, which based on the calculation of the Fed will be about $1.9 billion in the quarter plus neutralizing equity based compensation expense. And so we will fulfill that in the first quarter. I'd also repeat a comment I made in the prepared remarks is that we'll continue to reevaluate our dividend in the context of the shape and form of the business being more durable going forward. Obviously, that's not a first quarter proposition, given the Fed rules, but you can certainly rely on the repurchase expectations and our fulfillment of them. In terms of asset management, this is all about an overall reduction in the balance sheet intensity of that business. It is being mindful of revenue in the near term. It is driving down on balance sheet investing, and moving that into third party activity, doing that across more sleeves with more clients of the firm. And I think that will, continue to take down our capital. And I suspect based on the progress we made in 2020, of taking 2 billion on 4 billion of sales. And as I mentioned, our forward view on what's, within line of sight, incremental capital will come out, at or better than the expectations we carried at the Investor Day itself.
David Solomon: Okay, thanks. Thanks, Steve, I'll start. And I appreciate the question. And I'll just, to take your framing, you said historically, at times of severe stress, you've been a dealer of choice. And you really -- you make that statement by going back and looking at one window, which was the financial crisis, and there's no question in the financial crisis, we had very, very significant share gains. But I would highlight that one of the reasons that we had very significant share gains during the financial crisis is that a lot of the people that would be in our core competitive set, were in a position of very, very weak, structural financial performance, at the time, and it definitely inhibited their ability to intermediate with clients. So one of the things I recall hearing at that time, is a lot of firms did not show up during the financial crisis. And we benefited from that. I think, hopefully, we benefited for other reasons. But there was a different component. We have a very, very different situation right now. Banks have been a source of strength during the pandemic. All of our competitors have showed up in spades and yet we have very, very significant share gains. Now, maybe some of that is a branded reputation that were a dealer of choice during the pandemic, but I would argue a bigger impact in really affecting how we perform and I've heard this consistently from our global markets clients, is a change strategically in our approach over the last few years, in terms of how we're facing clients, or one GS approach and what we're trying to do. We talked a little bit in the strategic update and talking about how for the first time over the last couple of years, we have a targeted approach, and evaluating our wallet share with the top 100 clients, seems relatively straightforward. But this is not something we had ever done historically. And that we advanced that considerably over the course of 2020, by going from top-three with 51 of the clients to top three of 64 of the clients. We have a much more client centric approach. I got a lot of feedback calls this year from our clients, noticing what they said was a very different approach in the way Goldman Sachs interacted with them now then versus 10 years ago. And so I would argue across the platform, that orientation is helping a while share [Ph] gains. Now, I'm not going to sit here and say that in a different environment, when the world is more even, and we're not in a crisis, that there's not going to be a flattening. In fact, I'd say that across all our businesses. We tend to outperform in investment banking during times of stress, and the market share gains collapse a little bit in times when everything is very, very easy. And so I'm sure there'll be some of that. But we have a very, very clear strategy, or a very clear client centric strategy that is different. And I think it's led to enhanced wallet share gains. I'd also say and we highlighted this in the context of looking at that business. This goes back to one of the earlier questions, we've made structural improvements, not just in the client approach, but also in the cost base of that business and in our capital allocation in that business. And the results are even if we have a different available client wallet, we have a structurally more profitable business on a go forward basis. And so that's the way we're thinking about that. I hope that's helpful.
David Solomon: I'll start on that. I'll let Stephen answer the second point about the second point with respect to the 650. But I just what, Steven, I think the way you should understand that we're thinking about this is we've been re-underwriting the firm, and trying to do what we can across the platform to operate more efficiently. We set out a target on or Invest Day. And we had a very clear view on the path to that target. When we said that a year ago at our Investor Day, and we're marching through and we're executing on that. With respect to other opportunities, we continue to evaluate other opportunities. And it would be hard pressed to say that we didn't learn a lot this year in the context of the operating environment, that we've looked that we've been operating this year. And so that's giving us new insights into other places across the platform where things can be more efficient. In addition, our business like lots of businesses is digitizing. And in the context of that it's allowing us to digitize processes that historically we've used, we've executed with more manual, personnel sort to speak. So we're going to continue to focus on that. We do think there are other opportunities, when we have more to say to be more specific, with our continued focus on transparency will give you more specifics.
David Solomon: Well, it's, I'll take this at a high level, Jeff. Obviously, it's hard to when I wouldn't speculate, going out for multiple years, but what I would say is we're still in the middle of a pandemic, there's still an enormous amount of stimulus. And there's also because of the acceleration of digital trends, there are lots of businesses and lots of CEOs that are rethinking or re underwriting strategically how they're positioned. So corporate activity, and therefore capital markets activity in that context is high. Certainly, as we head into 2021, there are a lot of indicators, that that's going to continue in 2021, certainly in the near term. And so our expectation is, certainly in the near term, that activity will continue. To the degree that we get to a more normalized environment, the degree that there is a backing off of fiscal activity to the degree over time, there's a more normalization of monetary policy, that obviously can affect this activity level. But that's not something we'd expect in the near term and 2021. So at the moment, pipeline backlogs, things that we can see, continue to look robust. That doesn't mean that we're saying that we expect to repeat of everything we saw in 2020. And there certainly are different parts of both the banking and the Marcus business that I think were elevated in 2020. And our expectations for 2021 are not as robust as they weren't 2020, but certainly more robust than they were in 2019.
David Solomon: Sure. So, a couple of comments. Backlog levels, as we stated, are up quarter-over-quarter. And I'd say that activity levels broadly across the banking platform are up. Certainly SPAC activities contributing to it. But strategic corporate M&A is up meaningfully. And what I say is that was a real kind of doldrums as the pandemic hit, and people were reorganizing, but as we came out in the summer and people started to kind of look through the tunnel, and get a sense of where things were going. Strategic activity, with corporates really picked up and that's contributed, meaningfully also and that has nothing really to do with the SPAC ecosystem. On SPACs Mike, I'll say a couple of things. And there's no question that, the growth of SPACs as a product that definitely affected activity levels. But there are a few things that I'd say, just to try to frame it. SPACs were a little bit more than 50% of IPO activity this year. But when you look at IPO activity, IPO activity for us, for example, was on a volume basis, about 17% of our equity volume. So we did about $20 billion of IPO lead table against $115 billion of equity lead table, 17%. If you look at our IPO fees, all IPOs, SPAC and non-SPAC, and again, SPACs was say around 50%. But if you look at our IPO fees, our IPO fees were less than 40% of all our equity underwriting fees and then SPACs would be a subset of that. Now to your point, it also creates an ecosystem around capital rising around advisory services, et cetera. And so there's no question that that ecosystem at the moment is creating a tailwind for some of these capital market activities. So a couple of other things I'd say, first, we generally strive to be number one in the lead tables. We do not strive to be number one, in the SPAC lead tables, we are very well, we're very active, we're very thoughtful about our sponsors and the business that we take on. And just looking at last year, if you look at the number of SPACs that were done and the lead table leaders, the number one and number two firms did about 33% more deals than we did, representatives, I think of some of the things that came to us that we turned away. So we're participating, but we're trying to participate. But picking what we think are the best situations, I do think SPACs is a good use case, versus a traditional IPO, and advantages for sellers and for investors and looking at this ecosystem. But the ecosystem is not without flaws. I think it's still evolving. I think the incentive system is still evolving. One of the things we're watching very, very closely is the incentives of the sponsors, and also the incentives of somebody that selling. And while I think these activity levels continue to be very robust, and that they do continue as we head into 2021 continue to be very, very robust. I do not think this is sustainable in the medium term. And there'll be something that will, in some way, shape or form, bring the activity levels down over a period of time. But we're watching it closely. And it's something that our clients continue to be very, very interested in. There are lots of companies that go public via SPAC that could also go public and a traditional IPO. And there's some companies that go public and a SPAC that probably couldn't go public through the standardized process of a traditional IPO. And all of those are things that the market will have to less with. And one of the things I certainly think is the case is you have something here it's a good capital markets innovation. But like many innovations, there's a point in time as they start, where they have a tendency, maybe to go a little bit too far, and then need to be pulled back or rebalanced in some way. And that's something my guess is we'll see over the course of 2021 or 2022, with SPACs.
David Solomon: Okay. So I talked earlier on the call, about the way over the last two and a half years, we've evolved our strategy. And I think the strategy we have for our global markets business is a good strategy for Goldman Sachs. I like our position, and we've consolidated share. Why have we done that? We've done that because we have a very client centric approach, a very holistic one Goldman Sachs approach. We have a much more targeted wallet share approach through the largest institutional clients that we interact within that business and that has allowed us to strengthen our position. And so, I can't go back and make all the direct comparisons that everybody wants, but I think there are a lot of things. And I stated some of this earlier that are very different about what we saw coming out of the financial crisis and what evolved versus where we're operating today. So the wallet may change, but I think we've made material strides and strengthened our position in global markets, and I expect us to hold a number of those wallet share gains and we're very, very focused on making sure we do.
David Solomon: Well, there's a lot there in what you said, Brennan, but I'm going to repeat something that I've said over and over again. We're focused on building an integrated digital platform in the consumer space, I think over the last four plus years, we're off to a very good start, we've given you lots of metrics, we can track that progress. And we continue to roll out on the investments that we're making, including, as we said, you'll see invest this quarter, Marcus invest this quarter, and you'll see checking during the course of the year. With respect to M&A opportunities broadly, whether it's to expand our consumer offering, whether it's the grower asset management business, whether it's to expand our wealth management capability, we're always looking for ways to accelerate our strategic growth plans, if something came along that helped us accelerate or advance our strategic growth plan. And we thought that it was a good fit strategically, and we thought, we could acquire it and integrate it attractively, then we would do it, just as we did with United Capital, but the bar to do something significant is extremely high. And it's not an easy thing to do. So, we'll continue to look for things that can accelerate our growth plan. But we're going to continue to invest in these businesses. And I think the important thing for you to note is that we have a lot of confidence that these can be sizable businesses at scale, that are accretive to Goldman Sachs's return, even if we do not do something significant and organically.
David Solomon: Yes. So Gerard, I think it's a good question. I appreciate it. And I think there's a huge advantage. And so, putting aside some of the things I'm talking about, that are strategically based on our conscious decisions, we happen to be, one of the handful of firms that is global at scale on a market leader, in these global markets and investment banking businesses, and I think it is increasingly difficult to compete in these businesses, unless you're global and at scale, unless you have the capacity to make very, very significant technology investments into platforms to better connect with your clients. And so there has been a consolidation of wallet share into the leading players across these platforms. And we continue to be one of those players. And I think that position has only grown and then been strengthened. I also would point out that we don't just have scale broadly, we've stayed committed, as I highlighted earlier in my remarks to all the different silos and asset classes across our markets business. So you think about the many asset classes across markets, we benefited because we stayed committed to commodities, and we have a more fulsome offering for our clients. And there was a real benefit to that this year. So, I think there's no question, the leading firms have a strong competitive advantage. I think to maintain that competitive advantage and have reasonable margins, given the capital requirements, the technology requirements, the regulatory requirements, being in a leadership position is much more important today than it was 15, 20, 25 years ago.
David Solomon: Well, it's interesting, I mean, I think that we should take them each on their own. In transaction banking, I think what we have hit is a resonating chord with our clients about the nature of what we've built, meaning we've built a new and improved digital Interface by which corporations can manage their operational flows. And that has been a refreshing change to kind of legacy platforms that have been there. I say that not as just simply an observer, but also a consumer of that service, where Goldman Sachs is using its own platform. And I think that will continue, in part because operational flows across corporate’s will continue, almost notwithstanding what plays out in the context of the market movement. Overall, the consumer side may be a different proposition. Now, it depends on the perspective you take with respect to, GDP growth, and what happens with rates and the like. But I think, as David has said, on the consumer side, we are playing for the long term, that is building relationship with 10s of millions of consumers and pivoting in 2021, to a broader, more comprehensive platform that I think will attract more consumers to the platform, not simply because there's an attractiveness to the deposit rate or to rate on lending, but because we'll offer a more comprehensive package of investing and checking, and will become a more reliable primary bank, to more consumers. And I think that'll play out again, kind of notwithstanding where the markets otherwise take us on some of the more capital markets intensive activity.
