Harvey Schwartz: So we will just take a step back. You remember from the third quarter, the Investing and Lending balance sheet was roughly $76 billion, which broke down roughly 14 -- $4 billion of public equity, $18 billion of private equity and the balance really -- the vast majority of the balance sheet in that north of $50 billion. And so in terms of the -- in the equity line, I think what you’re continuing to see is just really the idiosyncratic performance of the portfolio. We’ve guided you over time that over long periods the portfolio will correlate with the MSEI [ph] or other public indices and -- but there will still be times where we will outperform that or under-perform that. And in this particular quarter, there were -- really the vast majority of the gains in the portfolio were driven by things that we refer to as event driven. So it was either the potential for very near-term IPO we took something public where there was a refinancing event. We don’t look at this of course on a quarterly basis, but you will remember I highlighted to you in the last quarter that when we’ve taken Mobileye public it had contributed $285 million in revenues and that would be an example of something that it was down during the course of the quarter, that was down a bit more than $70 million. In terms of reinvesting and the portfolio, our strategy here is unchanged in terms of our philosophy, in terms of how we think about the capital. Where we can deploy capital to our clients and where we can find attractive returns, then we will pursue them, but we’re going to be very disciplined about the kind of returns that we can gain out of the marketplace. And so you will continue to see us do this one good thing in the quarter that you saw was that the regulators finalized the extension of the Volcker Rule and so there will be two one year extension there. So that was good to see as -- I think it was thoughtful by the regulators, because it will -- would have otherwise we might have seen fire sales across the marketplace.
Harvey Schwartz: So are you talking about sort of -- there is two things that sometimes I didn’t get [indiscernible]. I think if you’re firmly [indiscernible] where the -- our investment is in terms of the private equity portfolio that was -- we were discussing under Volcker before the extensions, that’s roughly around $8 billion. There was some harvesting, but that was offset by some gains. Again, now that’s an extended two years. If you're talking about the significant financial institution reduction which is a separate number that relates to our Basel III capital ratios, that’s now roughly about $5 billion.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, it’s I don’t know it’s a little -- I guess it’s -- what is it? Is it a Goldilocks? Its too cold, its too hot? We can’t find the right temperature. I think when you look -- I find it very interesting to sort of juxtapose the third quarter and the fourth quarter, because I think it really highlights what you’re saying. We came into the third quarter and as you said everybody bemoaning knew the fact that there was nothing happening in the world in July and then we got into the summer doldrums of August. And then we came back and foreign exchange was very active. There was a lot of momentum and you saw big uptick in client activity in certain parts of the business. Now we come into the fourth quarter and I don’t know if you want to call it unhealthy volatility, but in October we had our -- whatever you want to refer to in markets, now referred to as the Treasury Flash Crash. And then, Greece, the continuation of Russia, a huge decline in the oil price, which of course it started in June, but nearly came into frame in the fourth quarter which weighed heavily on credit markets. And so, I don't think when you look back in the fourth quarter, any of this should be particularly surprising. When you see that much pressure on credit markets, in terms of the ability as a market maker on the course of the quarter, to manage liquidity, I don’t think its particularly surprising, particularly the stress that came under high-yield as a result of the energy decline. Now for us, there were some real bright spots in the quarter in fixed income, which is why we think about it long-term, we will tell you that the energy price has been declining, our ability to be an active and valuable provider of hedging solutions that a market maker do are energy sensitive and commodity sensitive clients. Was it’s a kind of thing you really see. But it's not always going to be case that in a given quarter, I need to pretty unique events we’re talking about. But again, in the end it’s all going to be driven by the client activity, client uncertain types of volatility will drive more client activity. And certain will make people want a recede and be a little more protective. I know we’re all focused on it, but quarter over quarter when you think of the events; I don’t think it’s a surprising actually.
Harvey Schwartz: So we’re always managing the risk components of many of our books, regardless of the environment. And the kind of market that we’re talking about, it’s really very natural on what they’re doing at the desk level. So they’re obviously fulfilling their client responsibilities in terms of making market, but it can be particularly challenging from time to time. But again, this is a long-term commitment. I wouldn’t say that there were any significant support, exposures, in terms of that we are really focused on. But obviously things that have been in frame for a while Russia, Greece, energy whatever the case might be. Obviously we pay a lot of attention to those things. Again, as we’ve said in the past Glenn, it's a moving business not a storage business. And just sometimes moving is harder.
Harvey Schwartz: So in the third quarter [indiscernible] it went up to 12/2 as I referenced. So on the -- if you really want to break that down into the molecules, give or take roughly 10 basis points came from just growth in capital. Another 10 basis points came from various steps we’re taking in terms of managing the capital better and then the balance -- really it was about risk reduction and it was much driven by the drop off in client activity towards the end of the quarter than anything else. So you could see this bounce back. In terms of staff again, we’re going to continue to adjust all the capital rules, and as I said we’ve invested heavily in getting the tools out and as we discussed at your conference, we now have a uniform framework that we’re deploying across the Firm in terms of that how we think about best utilizing their capital ensuring that we position it most effectively for all of our clients and so, again that’s going to be, I don’t know if you want to call part of the new world, but that’s part of the world that we live in now.
Harvey Schwartz: So as I said in the quarter, it really was a tough quarter in the credit business, also when mortgages on a relative basis, but more pronounced in the credit business areas. In terms of the commodity businesses, I think it’s almost worth taking a step back. If you think about over the last couple of years, we’ve often been asked a question hey, it seems like everybody else is getting out of the commodity business. How come you’re not getting out of the commodity business? And for sure commodities have been quite for a little while and we’ve got -- you remember we got that question pretty frequently and the answer give us a pretty straightforward which is when we dealt with our clients we knew the business of hedging, managing their risks, investing in clients. We knew that was an important part of what they did and it ties very nicely into our investment banking franchise where we provided advice and capital to all those clients. And so, I know it’s a bit of a reminder when you see the fourth quarter where you see a pick up in performance that reinforces that you which really need to listen to your clients when you’re thinking about your strategy in terms of the businesses that you invest in and those businesses you protect across the cycle. And so, part of the consistency that you’ve seen from us is the investment in these various businesses across a long cycle. It might be commodities. A couple of years ago, people were talking about the fact that merger were never coming back. And so from a commodity perspective, in terms of risk, our risks are quite manageable to the sector. You would asked that also, so I just want to finish with that.
Harvey Schwartz: So for a couple of quarters, I know you were focused on, it looks a little lower. In this particular quarter, there were some very solid opportunities to provide capital declines and volumes but again when you look across the equity business, when we see uptick in client activity and when you see trending prices, the strength of a franchise really comes to the front whether its in prime brokerage client execution or commissions and fees.
Harvey Schwartz: There is some seasonality in there, there is some rebalances that we participated in some other things, but again these are one time event. They’re just annual event. They haven’t drilled the course of the year. 
Harvey Schwartz: Okay. Thank you. Operator  Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with COSA. Please go ahead.
Harvey Schwartz: So well, first of all, in terms of Goldman Sachs, immaterial from an economic perspective. So you’re only worried about that, there is noting there. I will say what we all witnessed yesterday is pretty extraordinary. I haven't confirmed any stats , but just going to with some of the folks, the single largest move in a day of any developed country, I think it was something like a 20 plus standard deviation move. I think it was like after three plus years of 2% volatility. So you’re right to call it extraordinary, but again no issues here. For us it really is an opportunity, really for very high-level engagement with clients who both need liquidity and then the longer term questions about working with local corporates who had an immediate shift in competitiveness and what does that mean? So there’ll be obviously a long-term focus. In terms of each rating, there’s only things you take away from these or I’m sure there’ll potentially be some lessons learned, but I don’t necessarily have any major takeaways. It certainly doesn’t change our investments largely in terms if you think about each rating.
Harvey Schwartz: So, well first of all Mike I appreciate acknowledging our effort on expansion because it has been really a multi-year effort in terms of being disciplined. Again it’s going to be environment driven. Right now when we look at the global footprint, we feel really, really well positioned in terms of our geographic footprint and our product footprint. But we’re committed to staying very focused on expenses. You’re not going to see us take the foot off here, and so, we’ll see. The big thing that we’ve been trying to achieve in the last couple of years as we’ve talked about a lot is putting an operating leverage. And while we’ve replaced the two plus billion dollars in revenues over the last couple of years, it would be great we’d all like to see the environment being one that provided another couple of billion dollars in revenues, and we think we have that operating leverage. So we feel well positioned.
Harvey Schwartz: So as part of the expense probably from the last couple of years, and it’s a great question. As you know, we have been diversifying ourselves geographically in places like Salt Lake City, Bangalore and others and it represent about 25% of the firm’s headcount at this stage give or take. I think there is continued opportunity. One thing I’ll say which is, something at this stage which is hard to quantify, but we’re looking to take a leadership role in which is, over the next several years as you really get all these rules in place around all the various training venues around the world. There certainly will be a need for scale consistency across the various market participants and the way things are processed, the way information is managed, the way transactions are confirmed and things are reported, and so the short note of that is, internally we’re going to continue to lever technology anywhere we can and that’s been a big part of what we’ve done. But we’re also going to try and do that as much as we can working with other folks in the industry and our clients to make sure all being is efficient as we possibly can as we all work in the same rule set. Now, you didn’t specifically ask about it, but obviously we’re going to stay relentlessly focused on the balance sheet and how we deploy our capital.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, I think when you look at our ratios now, but we think they’re in quite a good place. We’ll see what happens with the, when the final rules are done. I guess, I would say, we start again with the client businesses and given the strength of all of our businesses at this stage, equities, fixed income, investment banking, asset management, our investing and lending business. We look at the strength of those business leads and our competitive position, it really feels at this stage it’s very, very tactical and it’s about fine point execution. Now of course that could all change and again we’ll stay nimble, but that’s where we would stand today.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, sorry. I think you’ll continue to see improvement in things like that. That’s not what I was saying. What I was saying is, its going to be tactical and we’ll continue to work at it because you’re right, we’re new and we’re just living with it. But I don’t see it at this stage given the adjustments the business we’ve sold, the things we’ve done, the balance sheet. I don’t see us making bigger decision in terms around our business commitment and our commitment to our clients. That’s what I meant. So you’re not going to see the sales and other reinsurance business soon.
Harvey Schwartz: We can always do more and you’ll see us do more. But I’m not in a position to quantify for you today.
Harvey Schwartz: So, if you look at the in the VaR quarter-over-quarter it went from 66% down to 63% and you see the rate category move down current changes are but it sort of followed more the flows and levels of activity. In some businesses it was the result of position changes, but I don’t think there is any major takeaways market volatility was a bigger driver and position changes was really a net reduction.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, so I think maybe the best way to answer this question is to think about it in terms of average volatility across the quarter, and so the way we look at it because as we’ve discussed before from a risk perspective VaR is an important risk measure, but obviously it can be influenced by market volatilities. So, if you actually, if you look at the change in terms of how it moved the market volatility was an increase it was more or less offset by position reductions during the course of the quarter and that’s what drove the change. In rate specifically volatility was up and our positions were down. And that probably gives you a really good roadmap in terms of how the risk moved during the quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: So you’ve seen us do small bolt-on acquisitions over time. We’re constantly looking at things. Obviously asset management has been a very important driver of growth over the last several years and this is, we’re really -- I think in the early stages of where you’re seeing a strategic initiative to grow asset management, the team has done a great job and I highlighted the three and the five year returns. So, we’re open to really looking at anything, and so it’s really all -- we’ll all be driven by whether or not we think we can improve our performance and deliver better results for our clients. So, I would say we’re very open-minded. But again, these things have to be accretive and we look through them at a very careful lens.
Harvey Schwartz: We feel quite good about the -- we really do feel like we have a significantly differentiated private wealth franchise and our institutional team is great and we get a lot of value out of our third party distributors and so, again Betsy, look we’re the leading M&A firm in the world. So I think it was good idea walking the door and one of our bankers had it, we’d be the first firm to talk about it. It will be a little inconsistent with our whole philosophy not to talk about it, but it’s not a priority right now for us. It’s really about performance and delivering for the clients.
Harvey Schwartz: So, look I think, when you think about investment banking clients and CEOs and Boards and CFOs in terms of how they’re making long-term strategic decisions, that’s really -- that will be influenced by day-to-day volatility and obviously every informational fact is digested. But those long-term strategic decisions are really based more on long-term competitive drive and global growth and that kind of stability. And so, it’s a factor, but as I said when we went to the call we comment with our backlog at the highest point it’s been since 2007 and that should give you some indications of what we think the momentum is in the advisory business. It could always change but that’s where the momentum stands today. In terms of the investing clients and those involved in the capital markets more directly, it’s an interesting question. In periods where there is less friction and ease of volatility -- ease of liquidity, liquidity begets activity, and maybe the language we should we be using is less about volatility and more about volatility and liquidity. Volatility when absence of liquidity is maybe that on friendly version that people are looking to try and find language to describe, and when you have volatility but you have liquidity you can then react and you can execute on the new information you receive. So I’m not sure I got to your questions, but I tried.
Harvey Schwartz: So, I don’t know if I necessarily say its pointing back on plans in terms of the -- its really more whether the market is more receptive or not. If you really just wanted to contrast underwriting activity in the fourth quarter of 2013 with the fourth quarter of 2014, you just saw capital markets that kind of thundered through the end of the year last year, and this year the capital market just had a lot more to digest. I would say that was more driven by the investing side, basically saying, hey look lets take a pause and lets reassess versus issuers desire to issue at low yield and obviously there was spread pressure on a high yield as people digested the low energy prices, but we’ll see how the year goes. I mean I think at these rate levels and these equity market levels their activity levels could be robust during the course of the year, but again we’ll have to see what the market delivers.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, it will depend on what happens in the environment. I mean, again we’re going to stay very focused on both lines. And so again, I guess, I could add to that question, and the risk is sounding a little bit cute, and we would have actually grown it and revenues have been flat, and it haven’t really been flat because we’ve been growing other businesses. So, we’ve displayed the ability to do it for the last couple of years. Look, we’re going to be very, very thoughtful as we have been about the balance of investing in the businesses where we see long-term growth. But again that won't -- we’re not going to stop our relentless focus on efficiency.
Harvey Schwartz: So we’re certainly seeing in various businesses we feel it at least. Again we don’t have full transparency, but in our dialogue with our clients we felt that in commodities this year. We’ve seen it in other parts of the business. I guess, what I would say is in an environment like this, in terms of the competitive dynamic, I think if you want to be in these businesses through the whole cycle, I think some of the takeaway’s are you have to have scale. It’s very hard just to be in cash equities or to be in a very small component of the foreign exchange market. And you have to be able to leverage that scale really across the full franchise. It’s not really just about the equity business, the prime brokerage business or the commodity business. You need technology scale to really be effective through the whole cycle and then you need the diversity because as we’ve seen some pistons will fire sometime and sometimes they won't at other points as we go through this. And so, I know that’s why we feel good about our competitive position because we know our clients still want to trade bonds, and we know they still want to hedge FX and we know they still want to manage their commodity risk. As we work through this part of the cycle it’s just about us being well positioned and having that scale, and we feel like we have it.
Harvey Schwartz: Hey, I apologize. Dane can get it to you. I don’t have the line-by-line in my head in terms of that. But I can tell you on the year-over-year in aggregate, but I’d say what I mean line-by-line I don’t have the specific categories in my head. But year-over-year the -- basically position changes were a reduction that was about three times the increase in terms of the volatility levels. So its real risk reduction.
Harvey Schwartz: Sure. So, it’s 11.1% under the fully phased. You want me to give you the standardized that’s what we’re talking about.
Harvey Schwartz: So, it’s a great question because it allows me just to underscore a very important point. We scale our risk deployment to our client demand not the other way, and so it will really depend on what happens in terms of clients and their perceptions in the marketplace. And again I think it goes back to -- if you compare the third quarter to the fourth quarter. If we see more Septembers, than I think you will see increasing amount of client activity and opportunities for us to provide liquidity to our clients and deploy capital. I think if you see more Octobers and more Decembers, I think you might see less. Again, that’s why we run these businesses for the long-term. I think importantly, one of the takeaways around these businesses is that there are times when things do change structurally. One of the structural changes its been on a decade plus shift to electronics rating and the need for technology. The people still wake up every morning and they want to trade bonds and they want to hedge foreign exchange. Nothing about that is changed. Its just where we’re in the cycle.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, I don’t have that data handy, but we can dig into it. And if its meaningful we can certainly share it with folks.
Harvey Schwartz: Well the one thing I would say that, and maybe these are good things, but host the crises, lots of things they build up in 2006 and 2007 like clients trading correlation and other things which during the crises proved to be less liquid than other things, that certainly looked like businesses that maybe gone forever. You always has been set up but it feels that way for now and maybe they should be. So, there’s certainly elements in the derivative market that appears structurally changed since the crises. But we don’t track that specifically from an auditor perspective, so I don’t have that data.
Harvey Schwartz: So, on the new proposals obviously we’ll do what we’ve done in the past. We want to be an active and constructive participant in the dialogue with the regulators, but its pretty early days on lots of those discussions. But again, we’ll just participate in that dialogue and you’ll see our comments and things like that. In terms of, I think there’s an important thing to highlight here; there were no businesses here that we’re looking to shutdown in terms of driving improving capital ratios. We feel quite good with the significant progress our teams have made over the last couple of years. Now having said that again this is something that I just think that there is standard operating procedure for any regulated financial institution in terms of having technology, tool, education and a process towards making sure you deploy your capital in a way that’s most impactful for your clients and provide your shareholders with the best return. And so, I think that’s just standard operating procedure for us. So you’ll continue to see us mitigate, but at this stage we made a huge amount of progress, I mean, there’s a whole lots of things I can highlight. I think the balance sheet reduction exercise in the second quarter was a real demonstration of response to nimbleness.
Harvey Schwartz: In terms of the NSFR that’s an interesting one because, obviously if you take a step back in NSFR, obviously any rule that’s supportive of good proper industry wide asset liability management, we’re supportive of, it will be very interesting to see how the rule evolves in discussions with the local regulators because as you know in the proposed rule they came out. There really are, there’s some interesting things in there, one being obviously this notion of how transactions get linked. So we’ll have to see what the final determination on that is when we get that from all the regulators, and also obviously the treatment of deposits where different geographies have different legal and regulatory regimes, and in the U.S. obviously we have a restrictive regime in terms of how deposits can be utilized. So, I’d say on the NSFR it’s a bit of a wait and see.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, again where we stand today, again at preliminary rule. Right, so I caveat that with all the facts that we’ll have to see where it goes, but that would be our takeaway and our early read.
Harvey Schwartz: So, as I said the advisory side of the line was really the biggest driver that’s probably not a surprise for you given all the announced transaction to the marketplace. If you sort of look at it year-over-year, equity was down, debt was up a little bit. But it does feel like at least if the marketplace and asset prices can stay here, it feels like a reasonable environment to me for the coming year. But again these things can change on a dime.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, I guess the -- we should probably have a long philosophical conversation; it probably requires having a glass of wine or beer or something. But I think that the -- I think that you have to really look at these businesses over very, very long periods of time. And so for example when there was growth, lets just say from the period of like 2002 to 2007, I don’t think clients were looking to pay more, I think they were always very, very obsessed around transaction costs. As a matter of fact, the vast reduction in transaction cost for example the equity business actually occurred during that period of growth. And so, we assume that our clients as fiduciaries are always going to focus on transaction cost. I think that less the issue, I think its much more environment driven. We’ve been in a period of near zero global interest rates for an extended period of time, post the financial crises, and so I think our clients are in some respects as a result struggling for their own after production in some cases which translates again into reduced activity, but our clients have always been focused on minimizing transaction cost as they should be [indiscernible] philosophical conversation.
Harvey Schwartz: Its hard for me to imagine any of our businesses and say, look they’re going to stay exactly the same for the next 10 years. So slightly that will be a nice way to live, but our businesses are just more dynamic than that. We think its part of the competitive advantage of Goldman Sachs just responding to the changes. So, I think its going to be dynamic.
Harvey Schwartz: It is very difficult sitting here today to predict, like it was a couple of years ago, no one would have predicted the way the M&A that we’re experiencing. But not of course it feels very natural, and now people feel like it will extend. I do think this is a case of all of us, this is a natural inclination to extend the most recent set of data that we have. Now, it was going to stay like this for the next 10 years, can you promise me that? Yes, there maybe, we would even push harder of efficiencies. But again we’re positioning for operating leverage and growth.
Harvey Schwartz: So, in terms of [indiscernible] my result this quarter its immaterial. For us, -- and I guess, I would add in terms of the -- on the fixed side of the business not the primary driver. But for us obviously as you have seen in our public commentary we’re very surprised by the Bank of Portugal’s unexpected and very surprising reversal of its prior written decision on this matter. And so, for us really this is really, it’s the matter of our client, it is not about Goldman Sachs, and so we have clients that relied on those representations and so, we remain in active dialogue with the Bank of Portugal and obviously it’s a very fluid situation.
Harvey Schwartz: So, we always think of the -- that our focus in commodities is really and we used to think about is divide into two things, investments that we make in terms of things like metro which we sold during the course of the quarter. When we purchased metro, it was always purchased with the notion that we would add value to the enterprise and then ultimately sell metro. That was always part of the strategic design. In terms of our commodity franchise, which we’re as you know very committed to. The focus there is on the hedging of commodity price exposures and working with all those clients globally whether they be corporates or investors. And so that’s really how we think about the strategy. Obviously ownership of physical commodities is getting -- we think is actually a good review by the Federal Reserve. We are very focused on safety and soundness. We think its perfectly understandable that they’re doing the same. But that’s our strategy in commodities.
Harvey Schwartz: Well I think big picture, the drop in oil which really started in June but obviously it started getting a lot of attention in the fourth quarter. I think at the highest level a lot has been written about the tradeoffs between near-term impact on markets, but obviously a big tailwind in terms of expense reduction and a benefit for the consumer. And so, we talk to our economist net-net, as you’ve seen from us, we think the price decline if it stays here is a tailwind for global economic growth. As it relates specifically to the industry, if we go through a period of sustained declined prices around this level, then clearly its going to put certain parts of the industry under stress. There will be opportunities to help those clients, work through those stresses. There will be opportunities to deploy new hedging strategies, there will be potentially merger opportunities as the organization works through what is really a case of excess supply. So again, its very early days and these things tend to play out over months and years when you get these kind of price declines. But clearly clients will be looking for advice from Goldman Sachs.
Harvey Schwartz: No, I think it’s a bit early. And I think it will be very specific to certain situations in terms of how we work through the cycle.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, I would agree with that. You didn’t ask the question but again this is a very early read of the proposal that’s out, and so subject to change. So caveat it accordingly. But our early read and interpretation of the documents out there that it would add 1% for us. And so what you said earlier I think is the more important thing which is in terms of a binding constraints, the binding constraint for us is CCAR. And so, we’ll continue to focus very much on all aspects of the capital ratios. But for us the binding constraint has proven to be CCAR.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, so -- look I think the Federal Reserve has said CCAR was going to be dynamic and so we’ll see how they made changes and their test has proven to be dynamic. We can only tell you it was constraining last year as you saw publicly because of the leverage test and then you saw subsequently take certain actions and that obviously influenced our activity around the balance sheet and how we had to think about re-pricing that capital.
Harvey Schwartz: So, as I said before just so we’re clear to everybody, so our preliminary expectation and again I caveat that because this rule is very fluid and its in formation only would add an incremental 100 basis points to our G-SIB buffer.
Harvey Schwartz: In terms of how we’re going -- again I think its really most important for takeaway for everyone to understand the framework for how we think about managing the capital against multiple constraints. So, any time in a new regulatory regime any time we’re deploying our balance sheets you have to be able to think through multiple lenses and view things through multiple lenses, that’s why we created the framework that we discussed at the conference in November which basically ascribes a waiting system to that and that gives us a consistent lens to look at things like the use of balance sheet and the supplementary leverage ratio, stresses from CCAR, Basel III standardized, Basel III advanced. And you have to look at all those things individually at the same time. So, capital management, but the regulators have done an immense amount of work to increase capital levels and make the system safer and as a market participant we need to develop technologies and our philosophy and approach to basically work within that framework and that’s what we’ve done.
Harvey Schwartz: No, during the course of the quarter -- from the third quarter to the fourth quarter they were basically essentially flat down a little bit.
Harvey Schwartz: So of all the things that I’ve been I think really that I’m predicting over the last couple of years, its been the annual question about what we think debt underwriting is going to do in the next year. I think you could easily take a position over the last two years that maybe debt underwriting will be lower than the previous year. But the markets have remained robust. M&A activity can be a significant driver of financing activity. I think if rates stay low and the markets are stable and spreads are tight, I think you could see a very reasonable environment. I think if you see the contrary then obviously it will have an impact on activity, and very difficult to predict from here. I mean rates are very low. So for many issuance its going to look quite attractive over the course of the year.
Harvey Schwartz: So, I think the better way to think about that is, we’ve been consistent in our compensation philosophy for a number of years in terms of really ensuring that our employees and it goes up as you go up through the seniority of the firm through to the partners that you hold a significant amount of equity and there’s been no change of philosophy over the last several years.
Harvey Schwartz: It will be very difficult to anticipate whether or not this is kind of a new credit regime in terms of liquidity trading or it is -- these are sort of one off factors. Its always hard to assess that when you’ve had multiple years of timing credit spreads, very low default rates. I will say when you look to the data I don’t have it on top of my head particularly in Europe where liquidity was little challenged in the third quarter and then it got worse in the fourth quarter. I think because if market moves in terms of price movements they were pretty significant. More significant than you would have thought in terms of the underlying credit itself. And so clearly liquidity played a role in terms of the degree of price movement. But I wouldn’t say at this stage you could draw any firm conclusions from that in terms of any long-term structural changes.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, I even had a chance to dig through sort of competitor results and maybe get more transparency over time than we do, but when we look at it over the course of the year which is really how we think about it. We took in $74 billion of long-term flows of which you highlighted $58 billion came in at fixed income. This could just be the timing of how various mandates that are rewarded arrive. We feel quite good about our performance and our ability to continue to gather assets on the back of that performance.
Harvey Schwartz: So that’s all -all-- those are litigation related reserves that we access every quarter and we take a quarterly based on information we have on individual and specific cases. That’s not a compensation build or an expense related to additional compliance people or something. I’m not sure, I understood the question. So I’m just trying to clarify it.
Harvey Schwartz: So in terms of litigation, you have seen us obviously make progress in the third quarter, we settled with the FHFA. I would encourage you to really dig through our disclosure where we give very vast disclosure around all facets of litigation and status.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, on a going forward basis, again I would say there is two things that underscore. The first is we’re going to continue to be very focused on further rule compliance and being efficient about the capital. But a lot of it will be driven by client activity. Obviously, we are well positioned from a capital perspective. And so, we really want to stay front footed at as we to the extent to which clients demand are capital. And so we feel well positioned. Hard for me to tell you what those demands are going to be as we sit here in January, but we feel very well positioned,
Harvey Schwartz: So immediately\ we have no media plans to reduce the balance sheet from here, but again that's going to be subject to review continuously. And so again, it will be dynamic. If we feel like we are not getting the proper returns, then we will look to reduce. Its really just about discipline, at the same time making sure that we invest strategically for the long run.
Harvey Schwartz: I mean, look in terms of year-over-year as you would expect the growth specifically in terms of the backlog, it really came work from Americas and Europe and it was really down in terms of Asia. That’s how I describe a geographic measure, which is probably doesn’t surprising.
Harvey Schwartz: I think that its, when we talked to our M&A team, what they will tell you is very industry specific. It can be geographic, but the moment level is quite high and so I guess when you look back at it, I said earlier there were a number of folks who would say look we never see M&A again a couple of years ago and that was just where we want in a cycle, but I think that in a world which generally increasingly stable, low growth, but stable CEO’s and boards will look to grow revenues and a strategic opportunity. The one thing that we’ve seen as part of this past cycle, driven by strategics is large transactions tend to spin-off lots of activity in particular sectors. So I don’t know when you talked to our M&A team. I don’t know they would say, look this is all cost driven or this is all top line driven. It’s a mix of factors that will drive action. The momentum feels quite good.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, so it’s a good question and obviously there has been a lot of focus on there. So, I guess, we first have to say -- so, if anything what’s changed today because I think prior to the crisis there was a belief that obviously it benefits to scale and you can get scale and you can have synergies. I think the change that people are focused on now is obviously there is a cost, a capital cost that the regulators are putting on side and so its very natural that the question that you're asking. Now, for GS, I would highlight a couple of things. First of all, we’re just significantly smaller than many of the other firms and our balance sheet at $850 plus billion. Many of our competitors are more than twice our size and we’ve 34,000 employees and they may have hundreds of thousands of employees, and so we are smaller and we are less complex. And as a result, we're somewhat simpler. So what I would say is when we look at the collection of businesses that we have, the way we answer the synergy question is first and foremost through the eyes of the clients. Do we think we provide more value to our clients by having a collection of businesses together or not? It doesn't matter to us when in any given quarter the stock markets may be not valuing one of our businesses as perfectly as we would like it to be. It's really a question of over the long run can we drive shareholder value by having that benefit to our clients. So let's take fixed income and equity as one example. In an environment where its technology driven and the clients increasingly get larger, you need to scale across those businesses. We started running those businesses as a collective shortly after 2000 I think. And so the ability to deliver one technology platform across those businesses have one risk management system, all those things provide us with scale and we think we’re able to execute better. It then feeds into our ability to adapt and develop technology tools around capital, and hopefully we are able to perform well in terms of deploying the firms’ capital. When you think about investment banking, you bundle in. Think about the merger business today. And what we’re able to do for our clients by having the ability to commit the capital and actually deliver to the capital markets and connect investors with issuers. Well, all of these things are very synergistic. Our private wealth business, with our banking business, with our asset management business, these are all things that we think we have synergies in. Now, in terms of smaller or bigger, I think it's going to be environment driven for us. You saw us, you have seen us shrink the balance sheet pretty dramatically thinking you have known us for long time, we used to run at 1.1, 1.2 trillion. We’ve been around 900 and now well below that for quite a while and so you’re going to see us be dynamic about this. If we thought, we could drive more value for our clients and get more scale then we would consider things. I will say now it’s harder obviously because there is the explicit pricing end, if you want to call it tax of incremental capital. You have to be very confident that you can get those synergies in that scale. That answer okay, given the breadth of your question.
Harvey Schwartz: It’s funny. I can’t help myself big. I know you say there a lot of volatility in our current revenue mix, but we have actually produced $34 billion in revenues for three years running. And we’ve grown the ROE and we shrunk the balance sheet and we’ve increased the pre-tax and we replaced $2.5 billion of revenues that didn’t disappear because of volatility, it disappeared because we sold them. So I’m not telling you its going to always be this stable, but touch wood it feels pretty stable last couple of years.
Harvey Schwartz: So on the trading book review we think it’s very important obviously and we’re in active dialogue. There’s been the QIS and -- so again its very early on that. So I don’t have any specific comments on the trading book review. I think what I would say is that, and again I think you have to give credit and kudos to the regulators. They have been incredibly productive over the last several years. If we paused a list out for all the regulatory changes, its incredible in terms of the impact on capital, liquidity, trading, top execution facilities and so, one of the things I think we all need to consider is market participants, and when I say that I mean clients, folks like ourselves and regulators is we need to maybe at least think about pausing a bit and digesting the impact of these rules. There’s no doubt that these rules make the system stronger and safer as I said before. I do think there’s a benefit to absorbing how they interact over the long periods of time, because you can't get all those benefits without some cost. We can't necessarily always identify those costs immediately. And so that would be my very high level comment on that. But I don’t have any specific comments on any proposed revisions for the rules.
Harvey Schwartz: So, we’re very consistent on our philosophy and yes in terms of proposed rules. It follows a very normal course protocol for us. We work as constructively as we can with the regulators in terms of trying to provide them with data and dialogue on the impact of overrule. So we’re always active participants and we dedicate a lot of time and people and system and math to the QIS as they come out whether with any rule and we always try and be an active participant in terms of giving good balanced feedback to the regulators in terms of the benefits and cause of any proposed rule, which is very early in this potential rewrite. It’s just too early to comment on it.
Harvey Schwartz: Now again too early to tell. We’ll see how it ultimately evolves when we get a local regulation. As I said, a big part of the discussion will be around the treatment of deposits. But look, I think what you’re going to see the world do as they adjust is all firms, not just Goldman Sachs. All firms will look for what we’ll call net stable funding ratio funding, whatever that ends up being defined as. And so, we’ll see how the rule evolves. But look, we’ll adapt. You’ve seen us do it whether it’s the Basel III ratio, the supplementary leverage ratio, all these things. We’ll just -- we still need to see a rule.
Harvey Schwartz: No. At this stage not. As you saw into the SLR right at this stage, as you saw we’re at 5%. That’s up about 80 basis points in the course of the year, so now we’re complying with 2018. One of the things is we’ll continue to review this. There are whole lots of factors that could improve that ratio from here, but again we’ll be assessing all of our buffers as we get the final capital rules. Again we all interact, right? So, you really want to get to a point of stability of rule making and then you can really set the parameters and dial them in more tightly.
Harvey Schwartz: So, hey everyone. Since there are no more questions, I just want to take a moment to thank all you for joining the call. Hopefully myself and other members of senior management will see many of you in the coming months. If there is any additional questions arise, please don’t hesitate to give Dane a call, otherwise enjoy the rest of your day and a long weekend and look forward to speaking with you our first quarter earnings call coming up in April. Take care everyone. Thank you.
