DavidSolomon: So thanks, Glenn and good morning. I appreciate the question. We're committed to giving a strategic update and in particular providing targets in January. As we're working towards this fall when we know the exact format and also the specific date, we'll communicate it.
DavidSolomon: Sure, and I appreciate the question. It's obviously something we spend a lot of time thinking about. We have spent a lot of time thinking about it because when you look at these businesses which in the past had been organized over multiple parts of the firm. We're now internally reorganizing them and bringing them together but we've been doing this for 30 years. We are one of the largest alternative asset managers in the world. We manage a very, very significant amount of third party and client capital. And I can say that there are issues from time to time to come out of this business model, but we're focused on striking the right balance and have proven over the long period of time that I think we can do this consistently. I think one of the things that you get by streamlining the organization and facing our clients as an integrated operation is it actually should make this process, the decision-making process easier and more clear. And so, we recognize it's something that we will have to continue to do well over a long period of time. We are -- I was talking to our clients and listening to our clients and they feel bringing the businesses together and organizing them, et cetera , will help us do that.
DavidSolomon: Sure. So first, with respect to the business broadly, we plan to operate across four broad asset classes that we operate in today currently. And that includes private equity. That includes growth equity, private credit, and also real estate. And so over time, we will provide more transparency to you on the assets that currently exist in all four of these channels, which are significant and to our aspirations over time to increase the amount of third-party capital that we manage in these different asset classes. With respect to the balance and operating this, as I said to the previous question, we've been doing this for 30 years. These businesses are very significant in size right now. We have said publicly that when you look at the businesses that we operate here collectively, they make us one of the top five alternative asset managers in the world today. And so we will continue to navigate and execute that the same way we have over the last 30 years in a very, very significant business. And the fact that we're internally reorganizing it, so that we can better serve our clients does not change the process that we've executed on for a very, very long period of time.
DavidSolomon: So I'll start with equities. I make a broad comment on FICC and Steven will give you a little bit more detail. I--we were very pleased with the performance of equity franchise broadly. The performance really was across the franchise. It was throughout derivatives in cash, I would say given the market dynamics broadly, there's some sense of consolidating share and I think we've been benefit of that and as we've been stating on this call and over the handful of the last quarters, we continue to make the investments in our low touch activity or our low touch capabilities, and we're starting to see some benefits from those investments in our low touch capabilities. With respect to FICC, broadly I do want to highlight as was highlighted I think on page 5 of the presentation, our business is 90% market intermediation, a much higher component of market intermediation than the people that we compete or we benchmark against. So if you have a 60/40 mix and market intermediation is softer, which it clearly was given the environment we had this quarter, your NIM portion or your non market intermediation portion has less volatility, but we continue to make investments as you highlight in some of these products and particularly in broadening out the client base, I'd ask Stephen to provide just a little bit more detail on how we think some of that's point through.
DavidSolomon: Sure. I appreciate the question. We're excited actually, today, I believe we're closing the United Capital acquisition on this very day. And obviously it brings with us our 220 RIAs and 90 offices around the United States. And what it's really doing is we think we have a very, very interesting channel to continue to build the mass affluent segments through Ayco. But this particular transaction accelerates our ability to do that between Ayco and United Capital of $80 billion of assets under management that's a good base from which you grow from. We think we can continue to make progress in what we'll call the $1 million to $5 million of investable assets mass affluent wealth management category through this channel. And that we can have good growth with the extended platform we now have. But if another opportunity came up that we sought to further accelerate it because this is still a very fragmented business, and we have a very, very big infrastructure, so we can continue. The fee in terms of all the wealth, in terms of all the asset management and wealth management products, we have in our asset management business, we'll consider it. This was not something, this acquisition was not something that was targeted for a year that we were really running after it, it came up for sale, we looked at it, we thought it was a really good fit to accelerate our business. And so we decided to act on it.
DavidSolomon: Yes. I appreciate the question, Devin. I know that you're all anxious to model it. Over time, we will provide a lot more transparency on how we see that plan went out. As you would expect, we have a lot of businesses across the firm we put them together. And the first thing you do when you put those people together is you task them to develop plans on a go-forward basis. And we are in the process of that and as those plans come forward we will be more communicative and transparent as to what expectation we think you can have with that business over time.
DavidSolomon: Well, look, at a high-end there's now -- at a high level, there is no question that activity has been more muted. I guess when you think about the cycle and you think about the continued run at equity markets and the accommodative monetary policy we have which is certainly inflated for assets, it's steady, it's been tougher more competitive, you have to pay more in order to succeed. I also think the financing environment in particular the SNIP regulatory overlay, it has some impact over this cycle and muting how far the private equity activity they have moved in this cycle has a regulatory environment been difference. That said the private equity investors still have an enormous arsenal of unspent capital big reserve. And I think this business continues that secular growth and so as the environment evolves, I think there will be periods of time where we will see increased activity versus what we've seen in the first half of the year. I don't think we have a great explanation of this specifically has done it. I mean if you think about what the first and a half of the year has brought in terms of the macro overlay, it's not surprising probably that it's not a little bit more muted.
DavidSolomon: So as always the fluctuation in the balance sheet is a reflection of our ability to respond to opportunities and the interest of our clients. And so balance sheets fluctuation is all a function of client service. It's hard to decompose the balance sheet to say what's client -what not, what is not client. Truth, we know all of it, right, is in some manner or form related to client activity and across all of our businesses in the firm. And so that's really the way I would view to the balance sheet both in terms of growth size and its composition.
Stephen Scherr: Thanks Christian. I would say that the targets that we will focus on will be both returns and equally efficiency and in the course of putting those out our timeframe will be over the medium to longer term. We're in the midst as I said in the prepared remarks of making some meaningful investments in the business. The depth of that is going to be over the course of this year and into 2020 and the returns on that will play out over the medium term. And so the targets will be that. Along the way, we'll continue to point out as we did on this call with greater clarity as to the precision of what it is we're spending and what we're spending for, and the direction of travel and the type of returns we expect to get. But in that we're investing in particular businesses like the Apple Card, like Marcus, like transaction banking. Those will have return profiles. Equally, we're investing in platforms that will bring greater efficiency to existing businesses. Those two should have return profiles to them perhaps even inside some of the projects we have. But we will give you the medium-term targets, but take you along in terms of what plays out between now and then.
Stephen Scherr: The one other -- one other point I'll add to respond to your question is that David rightly points out this will be a transition. During that transition we do not anticipate a revenue shortfall by this movement. Meaning, we'll maintain balance sheet with the flexibility of reallocating balance sheet into different of these sleeves. As David pointed out and it's also worth noting that different sleeves whether it's credit, real estate with respect to for example equity carry different capital density and the opportunity to realize higher returns on the balance sheet deployed will be there. So we're very well aware of maintaining the revenue flow that's here and as David pointed out this will be a transition over time.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So I think it's fair to say as a general matter this year CCAR clearly demonstrates the direction of travel that we want to go in terms of overall capital return. And the scope of what we asked and what otherwise was approved reflects on our commitment to put capital back to shareholders. It's important to note those and as I said in the commentary, our posture has not changed. Meaning as stewards of capital we are looking at and for opportunities where we can invest in an accretive way to generate long-term shareholder return. We're going to continue to do that and you see that in the investments that we're making. Away from that and in excess of it, will continue to return capital back to shareholders. And I think what played out in the context of CCAR is a reflection of what we are comfortable with in terms of what we're going to look to put out given where the market and circumstances are. On the question you raised about FICC, the focus for FICC not borne of this quarter in particular, but since we came on and started to look and re-underwrite the business has been around capital efficiency and equally cost in the context of delivering into our clients. And so that continues to be a focus of ours in terms of the franchise. When you look at FICC in particular, I would say that the business is focused on clients in the context of expanding out the corporates, transaction banking and the like. It's focused on the development of platforms, the investment in those platforms such as Marquee, on-pricing engine and investment grade credit equally the e-commodities business and equally having the talent to be good calibrators of risk intermediating which is at the core. When we do this and we do this right and it is a core historical competency for the firm. We're going to continue to look at ways of accomplishing that and greater capital and cost efficiency.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So I would -- I'll answer that in kind of two components. One is that the new business is being built whether that's the consumer business, credit card business is a part of it or transaction banking. Those businesses are intended to be built as scale businesses, meaning the compensation component attached to that is lower. You have cost and investment made such that the marginal margin in those businesses is operating at full scale continues to grow. And so you achieve greater efficiency on a higher revenue number that comes in. That's the way I would describe the newer initiatives. The second component is what we're doing in and around the introduction of platforms and technology to our standing incumbent businesses. I just mentioned a few examples of what we're doing in FICC and in the securities business more broadly. These two are lowering the throughput of trades, it's lowering the ability or I should say the price point to engage with clients where they want to meet us, which is it's less human capital, it's more platform driven; it carries higher efficiency to it and that's the direction of travel. I'd also say equally true about the incumbent businesses part of what we're doing in the Federation to support the businesses, including in places like compliance is the deployment of technology in order to render us more efficient such that we can support the businesses in a much more cost-efficient way than where we've been historically.
Stephen Scherr: Well, I think part of the calculus is the direction of travel right of where these regulations are. What the final SCB ruling looks like; equally there are inevitably variability that comes in fluctuation in CCAR results and the way in which stress is imposed. So we will maintain a buffer that's sort of mindful of those very abilities in the overall calculus itself. In terms of the general direction of capital sort of philosophically, it is -- it really is what I had laid out earlier and that is I think you should take the results in this CCAR in particular what we petitioned and what was left un-objected to by the Fed. As the direction we'd like to go. We've got a lot on our plate in terms of investments that are being made, but we're quite confident under the circumstances of being able to put a reasonable amount of capital back. And I'd also point out that the dividend increase for this third quarter now approved by our board is a 47% jump in the dividend, which is also a reflection of the confidence in the increasing durability and profile of the revenues of the firm.
Stephen Scherr: Yes. So, look, obviously the efficiency ratio is in one part of function of revenue. So we'll see where the fortunes of the front take us. On the expense base, I think in the near term there is sort of quick to be realized certain cost efficiencies in our trading costs, meaning what's happening on platforms that are introduced that underpin incumbent businesses that are not looking for, if you will, new flows to command, but we're transacting with clients in a different manner and form than what we've done in the past, just one really small example. If you look at our investment grade business and you look at the bond pricing engine, we can then play both sides of a risk trade in a way that would have taken thousands of man-hours right in order to compute. You would have had inefficiency in terms of its time value. Now we're able to provide a platform where the client can engage and look to conform and develop a portfolio on a much more efficient basis cost sufficient basis than what has happened in the past. So I think there's sooner efficiency or I should say efficiency to be realized sooner in the context of platforms underpinning incumbent businesses. There'll be a longer timeframe as you note in the context of realizing efficiency and some of the newer initiatives that we're building.
Stephen Scherr: Sure, thank you. So let me start by saying there's no denying that the consumer business whether card or Marcus is a risk business, meaning no matter that it's delivered digitally or that the credit card will take a different digital sort of profile than traditional credit cards, this is a risk business and that's where our focus is. I would say the risk is not just on credit risk and financial risk, but equally operational risk in the context of what we're building. And so we're quite conscious on all of those elements. What's important for us is that we look at this on a risk-adjusted return basis not simply on a return on asset construct. And that's what's critical and that's the way we're looking at it. It would be Betsy for me premature to sort of speculate what the pace of growth looks like on this. I would simply say that risk calibration risk decisions in and around the part belong entirely to Goldman Sachs as the bank. And we're set up to make those. I'd also say that if you look at the level and rate of growth in the Markus loan business, while it continues to grow and perform well, we have slowed the increasing growth in that in contemplation of taking on increasing consumer credit through the card business. So we look at it both in its totality, so each is marginally different in a way in which credit is dispersed. But this is a risk business and we'll continue to look at it as we grow it out on a risk-adjusted return basis.
Stephen Scherr: I would say that while we've been in beta now for a couple of months and have grown the portfolio on that basis, it's nowhere near yet the scale of what our expectations would be as we grow it out. And so it would be premature for me to kind of speculate as to the efficiency. We'll start to reflect more on that once we launch and once we start to build this portfolio out. So it's a little early. What I can tell you is that what we have built jointly with Apple both on the front end and on the back end is intended to be operationally resilient, but equally is intended to be efficient both in terms of the delivery the app, I should say the application all through the delivery and on the backend and so my expectation is that the efficiency will be reflected in that, but again premature to sort of put numbers around it.
Stephen Scherr: So I think on that Mike, the press has been sort of ahead of our plans in the context of speculating sort of the next country in which Marcus would expand. Obviously, our first place outside the United States was in the UK where the deposit platform has really exceeded our expectations in terms of what it's been capable of generating. There will be opportunities for us to expand in that market. There's been quite a bit of speculation about Germany. It's not surprising that the speculation goes there both in the context of a growing business that we have in continental Europe and the depth of the deposit market in Germany. But it's too early to forecast as and if and when we would expand there though I understand the speculation on that. So for the moment we've got a lot on our plate in terms of the execution around the platform in the United States and in the UK and we'll continue to pursue that.
Stephen Scherr: So just on the reserves, we took incremental legal reserves this quarter of $66 million. We don't give detail on what the elements of that reserve are. I would say that we are adjusting our RPL to $2.5 billion from $2 billion where it was. I should point out that in providing that number to you it's important to recognize that number is our best estimate as of this date. It will be published in the Q events that may play out between now and the Q could alter that RPL. And again there are different accounting regimes and thresholds that apply; one probable, one possible, possible relating to the RPL. And so that's what I can offer you by way of what's happened financially. In terms of statements otherwise being made, I think it would be inappropriate for me to sort of speculate on what others intend by statements they make. I think as we've said in the past, we're in a cooperative engagement with the authorities. We intend to stay that way and as and when there are further developments, we'll be in a position to talk about that a bit more.
Stephen Scherr: Thanks David. So just a pivot to FICC and to be direct to your question. If you look at FX and rates and part of the progress that we were making is on broadening out the client franchise to more corporates than to the institutional clients to which we typically, if not exclusively have engaged. And we're starting to see some early progress in that. I would say in this quarter in particular within Europe. I'd also say that as part of an effort to expand out and penetrate further the corporate base around FX and rates, we're seeing some benefit come to us by way of the joint venture between banking and FICC, where banking obviously owns an entry point into the corporates and the ability to carry through those products into the corporate franchise, where we have a demonstrably strong set of relationships, I think will bear dividend. What's more I would say that if you look at a variety of different initiatives and builds including transaction banking or corporate cash management, this once built and will carry the potential to bring forward a more captive FX business that didn't exist inside the firm. I think that too could prove to be a benefit and just on that particular project Goldman Sachs is already a customer, if you will, of our own platform and we aim to bring customers and clients on in across 2020. And so we're seeing early signs of progress on this, but there's no running from the observation you make which is we have yet to sort of perform at the potential we're confident this business can show. We're very confident in unlocking that potential. Some of these new initiatives will no doubt take a little bit of time before they bear out, but the direction we're moving is a positive one.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. Thanks for the question. I think the best way to answer that question is to just point out where we differ, if you will, from some of the bigger commercial banks. In the context of both, we have a different liability mix and equally a different composition to our assets. On the liability side, there's a portion of our funding that's fixed to portion that's floating. And so it's not as dynamically correlated, if you will, to the way in which rates otherwise move.  And I think our NII growth generally speaking will benefit from a liability mix that's starting to skew towards deposits. And so that's the perspective I would offer on the liability side. On the asset side, much of the assets that we have are floating rate based and equally and importantly is a higher velocity term to the assets that underlie this. And that too has a more or leads to a more muted impact to what otherwise might see in some of the bigger commercial banks as a function of the direction in which rates are moving.
Stephen Scherr: I think I would encourage you to follow up sort of with for an answer that's more precise than one I can give you now. I would say that some of this has to do with balances in terms of the size and scope recognizing that the lending that we're doing which is generating this net interest income is quite strategic in the context of the clients that are served by the lending itself. And I'd also point out as I did in the remarks that about 82% of this is secured financing. And so I offer that to you but Heather and the team can provide you with greater insight onto the particulars.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So the way we've been looking at it as we've been scrutinizing and re underwriting that business is we're focused on both the numerator and the denominator of the ROE calculation, meaning it's important that nobody lose focus that we need to mind how much revenue is coming in, i.e. how do we want to define the tangible market that we face. What's the revenue capture that we can take in? What's the expense as an offset to that revenue to establish the numerator in the calculus? And none of that is to ignore capital efficiency in the context of what the denominator contains. So this is really as we've talked about it a wholesale re-underwriting of the business, but be assured both of these are in scope in the context of the way in which we're looking at the business. Both revenue net of expense and looking at capital and the revenue being driven largely by an ambition to have a more expansive addressable market to include corporates in addition to that which we otherwise have focused on historically.
Stephen Scherr: No. I mean, listen, this never is kind of a linear calculus, okay. So the business is for us in FICC are not themselves four-walled, meaning anything we do with respect to a business and FICC has knock-on implications for businesses that sit outside the securities business. Take for example whatever it is we decide to do around credit or commodities, it has knock-on implications. So the thread on the adjacency of all of our businesses gets pulled. So we're mindful of that and need to take stock of what we do around capital. The one other thing I would point out, which I've talked about publicly before is in addition to thinking about both the numerator and the denominator. Embedded in the numerator is equally an effort to sort of optimize our own funding, meaning how do we bring our cost of funds down, retail deposits has been an example of that, but our treasury team is working hard both in terms of the amount of liquidity we run with? How that liquidity is managed in addition to identifying more efficient, lower-cost funding sources in order to render these businesses more competitive.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So we made a decision and it was the first since we began our retail deposit business. We made an adjustment downward. We did it in the context of rendering ourselves competitive in light of what others had done. It's also worth noting at or around the time we reduced the rate we saw others in the competitive set reduce the rate as well. We saw no material adverse reaction to our movement, no to the pronounced outflows nothing to really call attention to. I think you should assume that we will be fluid and flexible and agile in rate movement up or down relative to where the competitive set is. And will sort of comport ourselves that way both in our US platform and in the UK. End of Q&A
Stephen Scherr: Okay. Since there are no more questions, I would like to take a moment to thank everyone for joining the call on behalf of our senior management team. We hope to see many of you in the coming months. If any additional questions arise in the meantime, please don't hesitate to reach out to Heather. Otherwise enjoy the rest of your day. And we look forward to speaking with you in October.
