Harvey Schwartz: Thanks Dane and thanks to everyone for dialing in. As many of you are aware, Marty will be assuming my position in April. As you would expect, we’re already working side by side to ensure a smooth transition in the coming months. Over his career, Mary held positions of increasing responsibility in investment banking, institutional client services and then most recently as our Chief Information Officer. During that time, Marty established a track record of creating tremendous value for both our clients and our firm. Having worked closely with him for over a decade, I have full confidence that Marty will continue that track record as our Chief Financial Officer. With that Marty would like to make a few comments.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah you know it's a great question. I mean the quarter you're reflecting on obviously the first quarter of 2015 very strong quarter for us, we had nearly a 15% ROE. That was the quarter as you point out, there were monetary policy announcements and I think there was a little bit of a relief activity there because that was viewed as increased monetary policy QE and that was a trend now. As we all saw over a period of time that ultimately led more to concerns about lackluster growth and it led to concerns about deflation and then it led to concerns ultimately that actually QE policies at the limit may not be effective and may actually present risks. I would say you could look at our fourth quarter, but I think it’d be better to look really at the second half of the year and what we saw from clients in the second half of the year was basically a build of confidence and expectation that we might see stronger fiscal policy, divergence of interest rates that we weren't heading into a deflationary cycle more confidence about economic growth, and so I would say there was increased optimism around the world. Now those are the kind of things that always drive our business, our clients are very sensitive to that it changes sentiment. So I would say that that felt more like a trend across the past six months of the year.
Harvey Schwartz: No, so I’m happy to walk you through it. So I mean in order flow I walk you through every quarter, longer cover fund $106.7 billion you take out an amount that confirms that's $200 million that leaves you with $6.5 billion. Of the $6.5 billion, $1.8 billion of that is inner fund but those entities are already public, they're trading publicly on exchanges. So they are already liquid, they are just in a process of being sold down. So now with respect to Volcker as was more that's expected by the marketplace because you remember under the original construct of Volcker, it was never designed to force sales, it was obviously very encouraging of compliance. So there was an expectation everyone would do what they could save to comply. But again there was no there's no desire for fire sales and so the expectation here is that we've now submitted for the extensions, we'll go through the extension process, but we've been a good say that during if you read their communication, you expect extensions to be approved broadly across the industry. For us, it hasn't changed the approach of the business. It's always been about ensuring that we provide the best returns for our clients because as you know, we're invested alongside our clients in these funds. Apply more than you wanted, but I just try to cover the whole thing.
Harvey Schwartz: So look I think you're right to point out it wasn't our strongest quarter. I mean in terms of the franchise, we feel great about the franchise at this stage and certainly we feel quite good about the competitive dynamic. No matter how you look at the business, whether you look at it as our global footprint, prime services, our ability to make capital our position underwriting, we feel incredibly good about it. Quarter-to-quarter there were always going to be one offs, there are a handful of things that we’re less than probably this quarter, but I wouldn't read anything into it.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, so it's a very detailed question. It's great that you're asking it actually. So as everyone not might not be as aware as you are Christian but under a gap change, basically the change requires us to recognize the tax impact of the difference and the value of shares that we grant which a grant date versus delivery date and our tax expense line on the income statements. Now prior to the change that would happen and shows equity. So there is two observations here, so at best we can estimate it today, it could be in a range of $400 million, $500 million in terms of a reduction in the tax rates, but this is just a geographic realignment under gap, this has no impact to capital where the strength of our capital, but you will see a shift in the recognition. And obviously anyone can feel free to follow up more with Dane if you really want to get into the details of the gap stuff.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, we can hear you now Michael, but we couldn’t hear you before, so the asked question we didn’t get it.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah. Difficult to quantify that for you obviously it's been a huge investment in terms of risk, technology, compliance and we continue invest. I think the thing that we've been able to do is as we've invested and as we’ve comply with the rules, we never be use technology and training across the teams to be as efficient as possible which is why this year you would have seen that non-compensation expense was the lowest expense since 2007 and we were able to also execute the $900 million run rate savings, but who knows where we’ll end up in terms of the rule set, but obviously we’ll always look to comply and comply in the most efficient way possible over time.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, that’s a great question. Look the thing that informs us the most is the work that all of our people do whether they are in banking, asset management, whether they are in equities or fixed income all around the globe engage with their clients every day. So these are relationship that build up over decades, they are invested in over decades, you know our teams of sitting with CEOs, they are sitting in board rooms. And the best way for us to get a pause on that globally is the feedback we get from clients every day. And as you know over the past several years there’s been a general sense of concern with respect to global growth that was reinforced by a lot of the monitory policy around the world. And so I would say as we come into 2017, activity levels are quite high. You know we can’t - we’ve come out of a very low volume, low volatility environment for a number of years. We’re happy to see how this year progresses. But with the shipping policies around the globe, it’s an extraordinary catalyst for client dialog, for decision making and for content and that’s really where as a firm that’s where we really want to drive value and drive value with content.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah. So look, this is all - this is all just about balance. So we are in a cyclical business within a pro-cyclical industry. And so as we make decisions about investing and controlling expenses, you know these things are mutually exclusive. So if you just look at the past year, obviously we responded very quickly to the tough first quarter. As I mentioned we finished with $900 million of run rate savings completed in the year. But at the same time, we never stop hiring. We launched Marcus. We acquired the digital lending platform. And so we stayed very front footed and we feel well positioned. Now to the extent to which there were more demands on the firm by creating efficiencies to this part of the cycle, it gives us the flexibility to invest in an improved part of the cycle. That’s the best thing about having capital ratios as strong as our capital ratios are right now are having liquidity levels where they are because to extent to which there is demand, we can respond to it. So you can be well positioned and you can be efficient at the same time.
Harvey Schwartz: Right so - well obviously we’re all going to miss Gary. It’s fantastic that he is willing to contribute all of his experience to a country and it’s a long tradition of senior leaders that Goldman Sachs doing that. So we’re - again we’re all going to miss Gary but we’re all quite proud on what he is decided to do. In terms of the transition in my role, I’ve obviously been CFO for a bit over four years. You David Solomon and I, we’ve been on management for years. We found the same floor for years and you know which have affinities based on our experience. David spent more time in investment banking. I’ve spent more time in institutional client services. But I think it lays out pretty easily actually in terms of how he and I will work across the firm. It’s big place with lots of clients. So we’re both pretty excited about it. And that transition is already underway. In terms of the transition with Marty, we’ve already been working side by side. Marty has been shadowing me for a couple of weeks and then he is working on his transition. For those you met Marty, I don’t know he about 150 pounds less than I am. So following my shadows sounds like a strange thing. But that’s how we are approaching. And we got - and look we have a deep bench Mike, so we’ve done these things across the firm for years.
Harvey Schwartz: Well I think it’s difficult to me forecast. I would say the following I think if rates continue to rise and it’s a reflection of optimism and concerns around deflation abate and concerns around economic decline debate and they are replaced with expectations of economic growth and activity and confidence and client sentiment continues to shift. I think there is meaningful upside in terms of the activity levels we could see in fixed income. So we’ve been pretty optimistic now. We’re positioned for a number of scenarios obviously given all the steps we’ve taken over the years. And whether it’s risk or capital, obviously we have a lot of capacity.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, so one thing I really want to point out because I know this question comes up about realizing and better you ask it but everybody asked it realize versus mark. The most important thing is the portfolio was always mark-to-market. So I think what you mean by realize is monetization activity. Obviously in the past year, monetization activity wouldn’t have been as high necessarily as in prior years. We don’t talk to it that way as much. You know the INO balance sheet, you didn’t ask it but the INO balance sheet is roughly $98 billion and nearly 80% of it is lending related activity. And so it’s $21 billion what we call equity. But it’s idiosyncratic and what you generally see over a period of time is a portfolio has outperformed markets because of the quality of the investment professionals and asset selections. But I wouldn’t say necessarily that it’s one category or another. I think you are right to say that obviously industrials are representative but it’s very idiosyncratic and a year like this where equity issuance is down. You wouldn’t expect to see lots of monetization.
Harvey Schwartz: So I think as a management for us among other things also a bright spot. As you saw assets under supervision finish at a record was up 10% for the year. I think we benefit from a number of things, I think we benefit from a fact we have a very unique well franchise. Obviously it was a mix of strong flows underneath that 10% rise. And this reflects a couple of things, obviously the performance we’ve delivered to the clients but I do think it’s the nature of the capabilities that have built over a number of years. So I think so far if you look at as in terms of asset flows, we’re a bit of an outlier. We benefit from scale to your point of fees because we’re certainly not immune to the general shipped in lower fees across the industry whether it’s conventional pure competitor or competitive that’s only dedicated to the asset management space, we are immune to that, but we benefit from having scale in our operation have been near $1.4 trillion on assets.
Harvey Schwartz: No, I think we have strengthened both client segments but our fees are obviously competitive with the rest of the world.
Harvey Schwartz: Well I guess I’d say a few things. I think when you say indirect and direct you mean direct obviously we’ve been relatively high tax payer and so tax rates come down. We’re a beneficiary but obviously changes in tax policy can be a huge catalyst for how all of our clients think about deploying their capital strategic decisions and so that’s board room dialog which obviously we’re always front and center to. So I think that’s what you meant by direct and indirect. So I would agree with that. I think it’s very difficult to quantify just like it was difficult to quantify in 2012, 2013, 2014 how concerns around deflation and low economic growth will impact activity in a number of businesses. I think it’s very difficult to quantify how increased optimism. You know we like to say in some respects, confidence is the best stimulus. And the extent to which we enter a period of increased confidence with respect to economic growth, physical policy, you mentioned tax policy, I think there could be a lot that happens. Now we’ll have to see all these policies of ours. But who knows we could be at the beginning of a long term trend, we may not be. Again it was difficult to predict things in 2012 and how they will be in 2013, 2014 and 2015.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, I appreciate you are recognizing the work. Obviously over the last several years, whether it’s around expenses, de-risking the firm and growing the capital ratios, returning the capital all that work has really been about positioning the firm, while at the same time obviously maintaining all of our connectivity to clients with really, really significant operating leverage. Now this year revenue is down 9%, compensation expense down 8%, obviously that translate into a small uptick in a compensation ratio. But I would say at this stage, the center which we see hail wins in activity and increases in revenue will see that translating even more so now than we would have before to the bottom line in terms of operating leverage. And so I can’t quantify for you but if we see a big uptick in revenues, certainly you should see a decline in the compensation of ratio at which of course again as an output we’re committed to delivery in this result.
Harvey Schwartz: There were a handful of transactions that’s it’s always going to be the case in a marking making business when you are providing liquidity to clients that could have an impact that was the case this quarter. Some other things that are normal quarterly contributors and index rebalancing were more neutral and there were impact. Again I wouldn’t read a lot into it from quarter to quarter. Remember we break out equity client execution from the whole business, so that’s a different level of disclosure then you are going to get from anybody else. So you should expect given at that’s the line where we are most interacting with clients and capital commitments, you should expect that to be more volatile. I just don’t think any of our other competitors whenever break that, so you don’t see it.
Harvey Schwartz: Remembering the first half of 2015, there was a huge uptick in activity in Asia and then basically there wasn’t replicated. You know the client connectivity remained robust in Asia as ever but this year just not as active as it was last year.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, again we don’t say targets because that’s not the way we run the business. We run the business through thoughtful and efficient deployment of capital managing expenses and making sure we have the best people and we’re focused on our clients. I guess you saw some of this in the second half of the year right, we had two plus quarters back to back of 11% plus ROEs and that wasn’t on a huge uptick in activity. And again it’s one date point but it’s one all point two you know in the first quarter 2015, we had a 14.7% ROE, again that feels like a long time ago. We’re actually more efficient now with more operating leverage now than we had then. What we feel as front footed in terms of our franchises we ever have, so we feel well positioned which is that we see the activity.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, I wouldn't point to any one rule. I think what we've seen and one of the things I think gets lost in the global dialog around regulation is that you know eight years past the crisis, the body of work that's been created by the regulators whether it's Basel capital ratios, the implementation of CCAR, stress testing broadly globally, the leverage ratios, the requirements around liquidity, all those things that were designed to address points to systemic risk, clearing, margin requirements, all of that data reporting, I think sometimes gets lost in the narrative and have to step back and look at the past eight years and realize that and it’s a credible body of work that regulators, the industry participants and the clients have actually created. I think long - I think the dialog around regulation and whether or not there should be some degree of pause and stepping back, I think that started really at the beginning of last year maybe a little bit before you saw some of that in the Basel Committee across the second half of the year, and obviously I think market participants regulators and also it seems like a very reasonable point in time to step back and assess we obviously have gotten some great benefits out of the regulation and the question is, is there a cost in economic growth. So this seems like a pretty normal part of the process in terms of taking a step back and evaluating it. Now specific rules I don’t know we'll see what happens, it will change, we’ll adapt however they change, I think we demonstrate our ability to do that.
Harvey Schwartz: No, I mean if you actually look at our - if you actually look at our capital ratios they're strong across the board, liquidity is 25% of the balance sheet, and so there's not one thing that we would look at it. I think the bigger question for all of us is it's very difficult to measure the combined impact and the interaction of all these rules, and that's why it makes sense to take a step back.
Harvey Schwartz: Dialog with - dialog in boardrooms remains quite high for us. I think it's fair to say that anytime you have a shift in administration which may present new policies that can have an impact on timing of transactions, because that could be a component. But it's really - it's a timing issue, dialog remains very high.
Harvey Schwartz: I think it could be a little bit, when you start having discussions around tax policy, tax policy obviously will have an implication for how people think about strategic transactions. But again it's an economic important to strategic transaction. It's not the strategy itself as discussed in the boardroom. And so but it could delay some transactions. Remember the transactions coming through from the pipeline before that will be closing. So again I think we're just talking about a timing issue, I actually think the environment is pretty robust in terms of dialog.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, that's a good question. I think, I think it's - I think you have to parse it a bit, to be just you mentioned commodities well pick up on commodities. If commodity prices are going to be quite stable or just take energy and they're stable at a level for a period of time that is not necessarily a catalyst for big client segments for us producers of commodities, consumers of commodities, in the institutional investors that invest in energy that's honestly catalyst for decision making. Because they may have very determined levels at which for example a producer wants to hedge future oil production or project that they want to bring online. And so when you then see a big move in oil prices one way or another that's a catalyst for activity for our various client constituents. In terms of liquidity, I think it's fair to say that feedback from clients and it’s not reason it's happened over the last several years across the industry. Is they feel like their ability to execute isn't what it was prior let's say to 2008 as a period it was perceived to have almost limitless liquidity. I think this activity picks up and volume begins volume you get improvements in liquidity, but every day we come in the door and we're offering our balance sheet, our clients in the best possible way that we can.
Harvey Schwartz: I can't predict it for you, again in the fourth quarter alone obviously but if you just - if you just look at fourth quarter of a fourth quarter, and I won't talk about necessarily obviously activity was high and it translate into an up 78% year-over-year for us in fixed income, but the catalyst of activity are pretty obvious, right you have the oil policy, interest rate shifts, movement in currencies, all those things are catalysts for activity. I think again it goes back to the broad question what's the driver of that activity, if the expectation is more progress moving away from deflation not inflationary, but not deflationary more inflationary in a normalized period of interest rates. Those were all positive catalysts what they'll be like quarter-to-quarter very difficult, but again coming out of eight years of declining interest rates, I think would - none of us really wanted to get used to that. And so I think getting into a period of normalized economic growth would normalize policy of normalized interest rates, I think that be a good catalyst over the forward for a number of years. Quarter-to-quarter that who knows.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, but always puts and takes obviously that would be a very significant change in policies so would have implications for the way issuers would think, investors would think capacity, I think there's a lot of what's in the details around that. But I think it's too early to tell in terms of what the necessary predictions would be.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, so it’s a good question. Look as we said before, we don't make any decisions before we see a rule or rule change there be no difference here. I think most of the discussion around will go over the last several years by regulators and industry participants and clients going back to the earlier question is what impact has it had on market making capabilities across the industry, which is obviously the most important part of our business we're providing liquidity to our clients. I think in terms of the sort of the micro components of Volcker. We would take a look at it, if it changed in terms of our activities, proprietary trading we haven't been in that business in a long time, it was never a material driver and so we would look at it and whatever in the best interest of our clients and our shareholders that's how we evaluate it just like we devaluate any rule change.
Harvey Schwartz: So I'll just run through you, I’ll just run through them both transitional and fully phase just the level side even though I went through them before. So under advanced 13/1 transitional 12/7 fully phased standardized again 14.5 I know I said that before fully phase 14. On the RWAs in advance 550 standardized 497 there were a number of drivers again we continue to focus on being efficient with our capital and sort of risk reduction across the number of items, operational risk in advanced was down from 126 to 115 and not just - that just reflects our continued focus on as best we can I mean zero operational risk events. Obviously that's our goal, and so we're starting to see an operational risk as you're starting to see the benefit of our focus flow through as older items roll off albeit as you know that that's a very slow process.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah. So look I have no visibility into anyone else's franchise, the breakdown in terms of our geographic contribution revenues wasn't materially different year-over-year certainly difference in - no meaningful difference in our European franchise. In terms of Brexit as we go through Brexit we just continue evaluated the same way, it is obviously going to be a long process, so in all kind of contingency planners play a very nature so we'll run through different alternatives. I thought some of the comments with respect to trying to ensure it's not disruptive, there's a long enough runway, all those things I thought some of those comments, but it is going to evolving situation. And so but I wanted to say the sensitivity to financials and understand a criticality of the industry across Europe. But of all those things we’re pretty positive but again we're going to see how this evolves over the next couple years.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah we've booked more loans. I'm not counting and wanted time any more though that would have to be aware coincidence with the last call. It's going according to plan. Not in by that I mean our plan have been very deliberate growing it slowly our primary focus here is on the client experience we believe we've built I mean that differentiated for the consumer. And so we're being very attentive to that making sure we incorporate any feedback we get. And obviously risk management something we've done for a long time. So that's a big component of this, but as we've said many times to be a slow process.
Harvey Schwartz: That's a great question. So you know I think I could be wrong on this by the way. So Dan will correct me, but I think it was - I think it was 2012 we were at investor conference and we did our first review of some of the capital tools we have built. And so I guess the best way I would sum it up in terms of how we thought about the risk reduction of the capital of that it goes all the way back to 2012 those tools of course took years to developing themselves. We were just displaying them in 2012 and it's really been about evolving the firm to understand that we need to ensure we use our capital in the most thoughtful way to deliver to our clients. And as I mentioned before over that period of time we've been able to grow market shares, deliver, I think last for the industry ROEs over a multi-year period of time and at the same time we sit here today with record low share count. So the short answer after that big summary because there are so many people involved across the firm in the divisions with the clients and in the federation it's just been years of hard, hard work and a lot of elbow grease to get us where we are now. The good thing about that is it gives us a lots of capacity, and it goes back to when we talk about operating leverage sure it's about expenses it's about capital, but it's positioning the firm in a way that we can respond to an uptick. And so I don't know if you asking the question could we grow risk weighted assets I’ll tell you it would be - it's not the scenario I've experienced as CFO. But I would wish it for Marty over the years ahead that if he had the chance to deploy capital back to our clients not to return as much to shareholders grow risk weighted assets that actually with the firm has done for the vast majority of the firms history and those are the environments that you know we thrive in and so it was Marty and I'd pass the baton over the next couple of months, I'm hoping he gets to deploy the capital in that way with all of us across the firm. So that's my long winded answer.
Harvey Schwartz: Well maybe I'll kick off and then I'll turn over to Marty and he can talk more specifically about technology, but I wouldn't say there's been a lack of investment in, I think the way you described it some of the other growth areas, right. So we've continue to invest and all parts of the firm, asset management, the new business as we've talked about launching, the acquisition of on line platform. So there's been a lack of investment in areas of the firm for years where we've seen more of a multiyear decline obviously they’ve been super careful as they run those businesses. But I wouldn’t describe it as we’ve invested in technology, we haven’t invested anywhere else. I know you weren’t being that literal about it, but I just want to make sure we are clear for the call. But in terms of technology, specifically I’ll turn it over to Marty.
Harvey Schwartz: I’d say a couple of things first, obviously as you point out record year in the underwriting, the team done an amazing job, really working with clients and delivering for clients. So quite proud of that. You know the debt component of the backlog continues to growth, that’s a necessarily forecast this year but the level of client engagement is quite high. I think there is always a temptation for all of us. I certainly do it to think of past cycles when interest rates went up in terms of the implications for markets and the market dynamic. This is such an extraordinary scenario that we’re coming off of basically a zero rate policy. So I think if you look at history, the rate levels is still pretty low even though the tenner might have moved up a 100 basis points of one point. So I think if you split your questions and say well could you end up with less refinancing, I think that’s certainly a case, but we’re still in a very low rate environment by historical standards and so the extent to which we see growth, company see top line growth. There are CapEx activities and they are feeling confident, they want to finance. I think you could see a pretty good period for debt underwriting over the foreseeable future. But if you saw big rate moves disproportionate charts for someone expected reason, obviously that could have an impact too. I don’t think it more up in rates and in itself, it should necessarily be considered a negative in an absolute sense.
Harvey Schwartz: No, I think that has been a trend has been in place, we had a very big commitment to this business. We’re a scale provider in this business makes us very efficient in terms of an aggregator of those kind of flows. And so I don’t know necessarily there is always some seasonality in these businesses but I wouldn’t - this is a long term commitment of this business, I wouldn’t say that is necessarily seasonality in of itself it’s driving it.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, so look it’s a good question. Just one think you said that I thought you said something like we enjoyed buying back a little book, just somewhat clear I never.
Harvey Schwartz: I never felt that enjoyable, I am always running for the share price and I am running our shareholders, so for all of our shareholders I am going to be bit confused. We route for a higher trading level. Capital management is a long term process and so if you actually did a math in terms of the fourth quarter buying back book causes about $0.24 a share. If you actually did a corporate finance analytics around share repurchase versus dividends, share repurchase because you are reducing share and you are returning capital at the same time are always more accretive than a dividend. Now that’s a map and that sort of stuff. I think the bigger issue is how we want to run the company. And we’re not thinking about changing how we run the company because where the share price is. We try to run the company in the best way for our clients and our shareholders and ultimately that translates to a higher share price. But out policy respect to the mix being more heavily weighted to share repurchase, that has suited us quite well. It gives us exactly the kind of flexibility we’ve talked about in the context of this operating leverage goal so that if we see a big pickup in demand, we can deploy that capital to our clients where ultimately that’s our preferred way to deploy the capital. But you shouldn’t expect any change in long term policy in terms of how we think about share repurchase relative to dividends.
Harvey Schwartz: Great, since there are no more questions, I’d like to take a moment to thank all of you for joining this call. Hopefully Marty and I as well other members of senior management will see many of you in the coming months. Any additional question come up, please don’t hesitate to reach out to Dane. Otherwise enjoy your rest of your day and we look forward to speaking with you on our first quarter earnings call on April. Thanks so much everybody, have a great day.
Martin Chavez: Thanks Harvey. Just a few brief words from me. I have really enjoyed the opportunity to meet many of you in my prior role as CIO. I look forward to building upon existing relationships and building new ones in the months and years ahead. I have always found our conversations to be extremely insightful and valuable to effectively managing our firm. Goldman Sachs has a long tradition vigilantly focusing on risk management, operational excellence and maintaining a conservative financial profile. In my new role, I have every intention of continuing that focus and tradition. With that I will turn it back to Harvey.
Martin Chavez: Sure Mike. I’ll just add, going to continue to firm’s traditions and risk management and maintaining funding profile fortune to inherent such a talented team. And in keeping with the times and industry, applied maths and software to these problems or risk management but continue to do, we’ve always done.
Martin Chavez: Well, there is maths and software and everything that we do and so that’s just a perspective - particular prospectively but really it’s risk management. And that’s what I’ll keep doing as I’ve always done, been let the firm for a long time, worked in many of our businesses always with an emphasis on risk.
Martin Chavez: Yeah, so as Harvey says, we invest in both in high touched and low touched and really agnostic where evolving in the direction that our clients that are taking us. So as for technology has clients have continued to transact more electronically we’ve invested more heavily in those capabilities, so that we can better serve them. We have a history of that kind of adaptation. We work with the regulators to make sure that those automated capabilities are the best-in-class and to the extent that the markets continue to be more electronic, technology make our people more effective and it strengthens our clients’ engagement.
