David Viniar: It’s in the numbers that we gave and I'm glad you mentioned what you did, Guy because I gave a lot of caveats about how preliminary these numbers are so I just want to emphasize that. All we did was take our assets as they stand now with no growth of any kind and we took earnings for, as I said we just took 2010 consensus and we assumed that that's what their earnings are going to be for the next two and a half years and then we just assumed contractual roll offs of the correlation book and basically the ratio rate in roll off of mortgage and securitization but no acts of mitigation, no growth, no decline, just those assumptions, made no other adjustments. That's ...
David Viniar: We assume no return of capital. We assume no equity based compensation that would grow it. We – only the three assumptions mentioned, those are the only changes that we put in to that 11% number.
David Viniar: Sure, let me, let me give you just a couple of quick things that could help. For example, we didn’t assume that we made any attempt to reduce the correlation book through tariffs with other dealers. We didn’t assume the same thing with mortgage securitizations. We didn’t assume that any of the – we have a few assets that are subtractions from our capital because they're intangibles that we can probably sale and probably will sale over time. We didn’t assume that. We didn’t assume any roll offs of our principal investment portfolio either just from things being sold or from attempts to sell them. Just a few of the things that come to mind quickly. We didn’t make any of those assumptions at all.
David Viniar: Well, I don’t think it's going to approach our – it's going to change our approach to capital management but you know there are some businesses that you know like the ones I mentioned like correlation and securitization businesses that you know given the very, very high, high capital charges might be diminished. Now none of those you know have been that big for us over time but they still would sit and certainly we would probably do less of them.
David Viniar: Well it's too early on some of the things because as you know certainly on derivatives most of the rules are not written yet, we're still you know working on that. There are some things that have been pretty public I mean it's been written and its accurate that you know are GSPS business which is the one you know [Indiscernible] our trade business essentially wound down. So that's the one thing and the other things we're waiting to see how the rules unfold.
David Viniar: Again, we're waiting to see how those rules, rules unfold but the predominate part of that business is a business that is actually a lending business, which we think is not only okay under the rules but is actually that this encourage because it you know obviously helps the economy grow.
David Viniar: Well again, it’s a little hard to tell and again, the caveats of all of the numbers are very preliminary but the businesses that we've talked about have not been that big in the context of the firm. You know it hasn’t been – none of the things we've talked about are our basic you know client franchise trading business that are really the [Indiscernible] and so you know that you know is very hard to estimate will there be any material change from that but we don’t know yet. We're going to have to wait and see.
David Viniar: Well our first hope would be that we don’t and that we see tremendous opportunities out there which give an ability to use our capital to you know produce returns. So that would be first – our first goal would be to do it that way plus give it back but if we don’t then you know over the next several years we would certainly consider giving back more capital to the shareholders.
David Viniar: Look debt underwriting as you know that's investment grade debt underwriting is not the highest of margin of businesses we have. It's an important business to the firm. We would like to be a leader in that business. Again, a lot of that business is based to some extent on using a balance sheet and we're not going to be a leader in that. So I think the chances that you would see us be a Top III investment grade debt underwriter are not high but we always want to be a major player because it's important for our clients and so we're going to be a you know we're going to be one of the leaders but probably not one of the Top III in the lead [Indiscernible].
David Viniar: I think it has a very little effect. We're a big enough player there, and I think our willingness to commit our capital on behalf of our clients, help them with their risk management, I think is a much bigger factor.
David Viniar: I know you have heard this from others but– I would again give a caveat that it's a very fluid and evolving situation, but we really are pretty small. As you know mortgages while important to Goldman Sachs has always been the smallest of our fixed businesses, never a very large business. To put it in context in the origination, I mean we had a tiny underwriter. I looked at the statistics, the 40th largest underwriter from 2005, 2008, I am sorry, 40th largest originator, originated $30 billion of loans over that period of time and we originated $1.75 billion. So, we're really tiny in the market, and that drove us to not be one of the leaders in underwriting either. I mean, we were an underwriter, we did it, we are a player in the market, but we are just not one of the leading players. So, while it's something we continue to watch, and if you've heard from others, there hasn't been that much experience at some parts of it yet. We just don't view our exposures there as being large in the context of the market.
David Viniar: Sure. I think what I'll tell you is a fair amount of it on a percentage basis is outside the United States, where as you know is where we've targeted a lot of our growth. Also, a lot on the risk management side and the control side of the firm, as we get on some of the new regulatory environment. So, we thought that that was appropriate. As you said, the 4% this quarter was -- probably 80% was campus hiring. So, that's really to be expected, but that was really the – the areas of growth were some of the place we've talked about initially, outside the U.S., control and our investment management division.
David Viniar: Again, as I mentioned, we assumed none of it in the numbers that I gave you. But is it real, it should be real. It's complicated because every one of these transactions individually is different, so to pair them off, you have to make sure that you are not accidentally increasing your risk by doing it, but it's something that should be able to happen over time.
David Viniar: I think there is some of it going on, but there is still – people are still interpreting the rules as they go forward to mitigate some of the issues.
David Viniar: Well, I am not one who is going to try to anticipate when our regulators might act. So, what they do is completely up to them. But as I said before, our hope is that we're not giving capital back. Our hope is that we're finding opportunities to use it, and if we can't I would suspect as these rules get more and more clarified over the next several years we would be in a position to give more capital back. It's hard to pin down an exact date though.
David Viniar: Again, it's very hard for me to give you exact numbers on what capital might be freed up. As I mentioned, we didn't assume any capital being freed up in the numbers that I gave, but as things do move to the central clearing and central exchanges, there should be some opportunities for capital being freed up, but it's very hard for us to quantify so I just didn't assume any of that in the numbers I gave you. That will be just an additional benefit. I guess as far as the rules, we're focused on – the things that affect us are the whole question of derivatives and all the various parts of it. The Volker rule and how that's interpreted and how market making is ultimately interpreted and those are probably the biggest things we are looking at.
David Viniar: What you've seen with us is you've seen the outflow from equities, which you have just seen across the entire industry, we said a slight inflow into fixed income, which is what you've seen. We had some more money market outflows. I think that's partially because we have a somewhat more conservative credit posture in our money market business and when you do that, and it costs you a few basis points and money markets are only returning a few basis points, it's a bigger percentage. So, we are okay with that, because we think that conservative credit view is warranted. So, I think it's really just more industry dynamics than anything else at this point.
David Viniar: I would say it is a combination of the two, but probably a little bit more of the former. We are running really higher than at the height of the credit crisis right now. I think we'd want it to be high. I mean the world is still not a very safe place. There are issues out there. There's uncertain economic outlook in many places. So, we want to be running a higher than normal liquidity reserve, but one of the reasons it is high as it is, is there is just no call on it right now. The same reason our risk is so low and our balance sheet really hasn't grown, there has just been no call on it because there has been very, very little activity from our clients.
David Viniar: At it does is, it affects the returns. You have to make sure that – that whatever you do, given what's capital charges are have high enough returns, and if it does then we'll continue to do business and if not then we won't.
David Viniar: I'm not going to give you exact numbers, but suffice to say and I think I said it last quarter, the biggest diver of what's going on is activity levels, not the tick-up in vol last quarter and the tick-down. That had some effect on it. But while it recovered this quarter you can see that by historical measures, it still wasn't a great quarter. It's fine. It was good given what you saw available in the market, but if you think of – I don't want to say normal activity levels. I don't think any of these is normal. If you think of historical actively level and historical performance in equities trading, it still wasn't such a great quarter. So, while the vol trading had something to do -- the movement had something to do that, it just wasn't as material as people think it was.
David Viniar: Again, you've seen this over time, you've seen there be a disconnect between commissions and equities trading because commission just, plain vanilla share purchases was – trading is driven much more by corporate activity and when they want to risk manage. You saw slight pick-up and I don't want to overstate this at all, a slight pick-up in that activity in September, which was helpful. That's really what drove the change, as well as some impact of the difference in vol trading.
David Viniar: We are hopeful that there will be international harmonization of rules. We don't know they are going to be, we hope they will be, we hope people don't use regulatory arbitrage. But there has always been some of that out there. It hasn't had a major effect in the past and we will do what; A, our regulators tell us is appropriate; and B, what we think is appropriate for safety and soundness, regardless of what others do.
David Viniar: We're never going to run very, very close to the line. That we don't think that will be a prudent way to manage our business. So we will always run with some amount of buffer and it's going to depend on the market environment, earnings, risks and other things. So, we will just have to see that over time. I think as far as contingent capital goes, I think contingent capital, if structured correctly, could be a useful part of people's capital structures, but again we are going to have see what rules are, how it can be structured, what the market reaction is going to be and there is a lot of unanswered questions at this point.
David Viniar: Also, between quarters something might come in and out in the same quarter. So, I think it's more of a timing question of accruals versus a one time shift than anything else. I would characterize the investment banking activity as up somewhat from what you have seen, but again the question is if the economy has turndown and more bad news comes out then a lot of equity deals won't get done, a lot of mergers won't happen, but if things stay stable or trend up a little bit then I think you will see a pretty big pick up.
David Viniar: It's very hard to give you a magic number of the tenure rate. As you've heard me say before, the real key is for growth to pick up again. Obviously, as rates continues to come down, it tends to imply that growth is forward, not higher, so slightly higher rates would be better not because of its higher rates, but because it probably means that you've seen more growth and I believe it's more activity.
David Viniar: When you put those trades on, you could have tried to just take off the first trade, but it was, maybe saved you a little bit of transaction expenses, maybe it was just easier to just put out an offsetting trade, and the capital charges were low enough that it was fine that you had those on your balance sheets. But you sit here today, and all of a sudden, the capital charges even though they may not have a lot of risk are quite high and you say, well, this doesn't make sense, let's work with counterparties on both sides to just tear up those trades, and you cannot affect risk very much, not affect revenues very much, but affect capital a fair amount. So, that's really what I mean by more active mitigation. In some cases, you may say there are revenues, but the revenues just aren't worth the capital charges anymore and so that's another way. So it's either of those things really I was talking about.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Compensation, you're running 43% year-to-date, fair to assume that that's a reasonable full year run rate.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Equity trading, can you quantify how much the vol short impact was because there is a such a discrepancy even relative to I think what people thought the impact was like $300 million or $400 million given that commissions were down, and you were up like $600 million or $700 million.
Roger Freeman - Barclays Capital: Okay, but the quarter-to-quarter swing relative to the 17% decline in commissions, if you blackout vol, it sounds like there's still not going to be a lot of consistency between those numbers.
