Stephen Scherr: Sure. Thanks, Glenn. I appreciate the question. So in the I&L space, and I'll focus on the equity side as that's in your question, the private portfolio obviously is now a much larger component of the whole relative to public securities. And when we look at valuation in that private portfolio, I would tell you that on a revenue basis in the private portfolio, about 50% of that revenue comes from events relating to the underlying companies and 50% relates to the operational progress in that particular business. And I'll just give you a couple of examples just to give you a sense of it. So if you look over the course of 2018 in the private portfolio, we saw sales across a number of different names: Hearthside Foods, Ipreo, PSAV, Paycor, Centaur Gaming. All of those were either sales or partial sales. And together, those five names contributed to more than $500 million of revenue in the overall results of the firm. I'd also point out that in the context of events that play out, obviously, those are sales or partial sales, but there are other situations in which there are incremental rounds of equity that comes in to a particular name, where there's other financing that goes on around a name. Two names that I'll point out, which were significant contributors to the P&L in the I&L side on equity was Woowa, which is a Korean investment; and a name you'll no doubt know, which was Uber, as there were a -- there was a transaction in the tender into SoftBank into which we and others participated. And that, too, contributed to an uplift in the P&L relating to that name. So the point I want to convey to you is that much of what happens in the context and 50% of the P&L on that private portfolio is not related to modeling per se but rather is generated off of an event, an observable event that goes on. The other half relates to general performance of the business. And on that, as you could imagine, we deploy a number of different metrics in terms of how we arrive at valuation. But I think the important element to convey on that side is that there's a long history in the investing side, particularly in equity, in both sourcing interesting and sometimes unique opportunities for businesses that demonstrate stability and growth trajectory. And that performance feeds into the methodology we deploy against the private portfolio. And again, this is independent of event-driven situations themselves.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. Thanks for the question. I think it's difficult for me to give you a sense of the delta in the [Technical Difficulty] relative to where we carry it. I would ask you to sort of rely more on the progression and the stability and sustainability of this business just in terms of what it has produced for many, many quarters over several years in the context of the investing. And I think that the strength of that franchise and the strength of the investing is sort of an adjacent thread that runs across the whole of the firm, which is that the Investment Banking franchise is an extraordinary sourcing engine off of which we look to make these investments. And we try to find opportunities where there is considerable opportunity for growth. What I sense in your question is the sort of distinction, if you will, between realized and unrealized gain. Part of what I wanted to point out in answering the prior question is that there's a good deal here of realized gain in the book and a continual velocity turn in the portfolio, and sales or partial sales sort of are one part of that. And then looking at the performance of the business is quite another. David and I have committed ourselves, and I've said this now several times, that our ambition is to put more light into the I&L segment, just given what it produces and how it is a major component piece. I know that you asked on the equity side. Let me just spend 2 seconds on the debt side of I&L, which I think has even greater durability and predictability to it. So this is where we are making debt investments or expanding credit in and around the adjacencies of the firm, whether it's the corporates or others who are themselves clients of the firm. We're doing that high up in the capital structure, and we've developed a portfolio that is about 85% secured. And that has thrown up, as I said in my comments, about $2.7 billion of net interest income, with a run rate exiting Q4 of about $800 million in the quarter. And we think that's part of a more durable, more visible, more recurring set of revenue as part of the overall I&L picture itself.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So let me make one sort of opening comment on expenses generally and these investments. We are very cognizant of where we on the market, volatility in the market and the like. And we will be mindful of the pace of our investment spend and the cadence of it in the context of the market. We know where our priorities lie. And as into the extent the market changes or circumstances change, we know where there are levers to sort of throttle back if, in fact, we need to. So that whole investment cadence, if you will, can remain very agile, and we'll be mindful of it. If you look at '18, we had an increase in overall expenses of about $2.5 billion. About $700 million of that related to compensation, $1.8 billion related to noncomp. Again, in the noncomp, about half of that related to higher provisions for litigation and rev rec, which sort of isolates in on about $892 million of increase in spend relating to investments that we view as driving growth and higher activity in BC&E. All of the investment spend in the different projects that David and I have been talking about, whether that's in Marcus or whether that's corporate cash management or whether that's the building incremental platforms inside the securities and trading business, is in that $892 million. As I said, 2019 will be a continuation of the investment. My view is that the rate of growth in that expense, while it will grow, the rate of growth will be less than the rate of growth that we saw in '18, and we're going to continue to look to deploy existing operating leverage in the business as a source of that investment spend in the business overall.
Stephen Scherr: Christian, so just to pivot off of David's comments. I mean, I think the objective here is to identify the appropriate TAM. I mean, what's the addressable market that we're playing for? And you are absolutely right to point out that our increased market share, and David was referring to it, among institutional clients has not, in the last couple of years, demonstrated revenue conversion. And so part of that is moving us in a direction to expand our corporate coverage and corporate touch point as it relates to the FICC, and that's using channels that exist and relationships that exist in Investment Banking. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've seen modest improvement in that, particularly in commodities and foreign exchange. And it's against that addressable market that we're going to take and are taking in part of -- as part of the front to back of U.S. to the proper expense size against that wallet and against that TAM, the amount of debt and liquidity we need to put against that business, the amount of risk that we need to take on in the context of intermediating risk for clients and then, ultimately, the amount of capital to put against it. This is not something that David and I have just woken up to. In fact, if you look at over the last several years, 3 to 5 years, there has been a lot of work on going inside the business to reduce expenses by about 30% in that period, reduce RWAs by about 40% in that period. And most importantly, an active and engaged move to reallocate capital around the firm, moving it away from a smaller business in FICC and putting it against Investment Banking or other businesses around the firm. And so while we have not sort of put as much headline to a lot of that activity as perhaps some of the other institutions, this is an evolutionary process that we've begun. It now has a greater sense of urgency and purpose in the context in which David described it, and I think we have a clear view, along with those running the business, about how to get to the right place and the right size of input allocation to the business itself.
Stephen Scherr: Yes. I mean, I think the quantification that I can give you is really sort of part of what I was responding to in terms of Christian's question, which is in the last five years, as I said, we've taken expense down 30%, RWAs by 40% and reallocation of capital. I think my hope and my expectation is that David and I will be back to you over the course of the next several months with a very clear indication about the specific allocation of resources. And I'm not hesitating other than part of the front-to-back review that we are engaged in right now is to answer the very question you're asking, which is, again, understand the addressable market, including an expanded set of customers and clients that we will focus on and then being quite clear about what our taking that market can be and then the inputs to driving that business, whether it's expenses, liquidity, capital and otherwise. And my expectation is we'll be back to you with a clear view as to how that will take lift over time.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So again, just to sort of be clear with folks as to what we said. So the fourth quarter litigation expense was $516 million. For the full year, we took litigation expense of $844 million. And as we sit here now, and so my comment on the RPL, which will obviously be disclosed in the K, now is premised only on what we know now and nothing more, so that could change. But based on what we know now, the RPL will be in the neighborhood of about $2 billion, independent of the reserves that I otherwise listed off for you.
Stephen Scherr: So I would say that there's a couple of variables in terms of the deployment of capital as a general matter. First, we obviously look at opportunities to deploy capital in accretive opportunities around growth initiatives, and so we'll continue to do that. And that is, in effect, redeploying capital from businesses that show less promise in terms of their overall return to those opportunities, both existing and new growth businesses, that show higher promise. Secondly, and I don't have to tell you, that there are limitations obviously to what we can do in terms of share buyback by virtue of CCAR, and we will continue to be as prudently aggressive as we can be in terms of the return of capital within the confines of CCAR. And obviously, we have yet to receive the scenario planning for this year, but that will factor in as best we can. And so I think that's the way to think about the deployment of capital, generally speaking. One, being an internal reallocation based on growth. But second, and in the growth sense, we want to invest in areas which will carry accretive returns for our shareholders and that can grow. And so our ambition and our MO will be just around that.
Stephen Scherr: Mike, thanks for the question. These securities were all reg S securities sold to non-U.S. buyers. And we're not structured in the U.S. nor under Reg S. We're destined to be sold to U.S. buyers.
Stephen Scherr: Sure, Betsy. It's Stephen. I'll take that. So in the context of corporate cash management, you'll remember that our interest in this was in part a view that when we look at sort of the most significant relationships that we had in Investment Banking across those corporates that they were paying a considerable amount to the market, almost equal to that, that they pay in the market in which we participate, namely our Advisory and Underwriting business, but they were paying in and around Treasury services and corporate cash management. And given that this had historically been kind of the problems of lending banks, the fact that we have picked up our lending and credit into these, sort of gave us an entry point for this conversation. I'd also say that what we perceived was a pain point among corporate treasuries that the technology and the platforms they were working with were underwhelming. And what's more, if you look at what banks have been paying on operational deposits, it's been de minimis. And so from our perspective, this is something where with a clean sheet of paper, we can build the technology, we can design it, edge your way to address those pain points.  And candidly, from a competitive point of view, the operational deposits are quite attractive to us even if we pay rates well above that, which are being paid by other banks just in the context of substitution for wholesale funding. When you look at the technology that we're building, I would say that there's a certain element of it which is synergistic with other technology builds that we have been undertaking, including Marcus and including what we've been building and strengthening the legal equity of GS Bank US. So for example, the development of the payments hub, which is obviously central not just to what we do in the context of Marcus, but equally what we would do in terms of corporate cash management. This business has developed over the last 5 or 10 years in terms of the ability to make use of many, many vendors to build this in the cloud, to integrate those vendors in a way that would have required organic build inside the organization, in a way that's not necessary now. I think as we build this and as we grow this, we're going to be selective. And we won't be all things to all people out of the box. We will select certain currencies among the major currencies where we will play. There are interesting vendor solutions that can take you to secondary and tertiary markets, where you don't necessarily need to build correspondent banking relationships on as proliferated a basis as you had 2 years ago. And so we intend to do that, that way. And so I think the technology is at hand. It's the right time to be doing this, and I think we can execute this. I'd also point out, just as an aside, that the first customer of this platform, in fact, will be Goldman Sachs such that we can reduce the cost of our own operational deposits outside of the bank, and I think in the process, de-risk the firm from that perspective.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So I just want to be clear. When we look at the P&L prospect and we model out what returns we can get, return on lending is not part of what we look at in the context of corporate cash management. I'll come back to your lending question. But in the context of corporate cash management, there are basically 3 components, okay? One, and the most significant, are operational deposits. They are useful to us. They're probably more useful as a substitute for wholesale funding. The second, which ties back to an adjacency into our securities business, is the captive FX that plays out in the context of corporate cash management more generally. And then the third, which candidly is probably the smallest of the three, is fee-for-service. When I was referring to lending, what I was pointing out was that for a long, long time, this was a business that was sort of exclusively in the province of lending institutions to corporates. Over time, we have grown our corporate lending book for reasons obviously unrelated to corporate cash management because it wasn't in the plan years ago but as part of what we've been doing strategically and growing and developing in terms of a broader set of products and relationships with corporates. That has been ongoing. That will continue to go on. It will go on with all of the attending risk issues and the like. But the P&L, if you will, that's generated from that lending, is not a motivating factor. It's just me pointing out to you that it had been, in effect, a gating item in a way in which corporate cash management had been thought about. And so we are a lender and a more prolific lender in that regard, and therefore, think we have more sort of access and right and title to sort of play and compete for this business.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So I think if you look historically from the time that we acquired the GE deposit platform in the U.S., I would say that the beta was lower than where it's going, meaning it'll remain lower than one, but in the rate environment in which we were in, it was very little by way of movement and rate. There's been more acceleration of rate in the context of where interest rates have been moving. Our objective in the U.S. has always have been -- has always been to be in the top kind of 2, 3 or 4 in the sort of tables as rate paid. And I would point out that while we're not particularly motivated to pay more than we need to, the draw on these deposits is obviously rate dependent. And even at levels well beyond that which we're currently paying, these remain very accretive sort of funding to the firm relative to where we fund on a like-for-like duration in the wholesale market. And I think the diversification overall that's brought to us by these retail deposits is positive. And so that's kind of the story on rate. In the U.K., I would say that we opened up to be perfectly candid with much more demand than we had anticipated, and I think that'll give us an ability to moderate sort of the acceleration of rate in that. And I think we were the beneficiaries of sort of hitting a nerve in the U.K. market where we were paying more than the high street banks, and deposits came our way. But the influx of that, I think, will give us more maneuverability on the rate side.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So that can go in a number of ways. I'll start by saying that our CLO exposure is small. It's in the neighborhood of about $2 billion, about half of that is funded. If you look more broadly at our risk exposure in terms of leverage lending and the like, it remained small on relative terms. If you look at our underwriting book, our underwriting book skews heavily toward investment grade. And if you look at LBO risk, it's single digit in terms of where it sits and appreciably lower than where it was certainly if you go back to the financial crisis itself. And so we feel very good about our risk. I would say that we come into '19. And as I and others from a risk perspective look at the book, we feel comfortable at the flex that we have in our underwriting commitments. We are pleased at sort of the underwriting concessions. We're seeing flow of funds back into bond funds and loan funds, took a turn into January relative to the outflows that we saw in December. We're seeing investment-grade deals move. We're seeing caps in the term. So all of the, if you will, indicators on the dashboard are playing more favorably than what we've seen in the past, and I think we're very, very comfortable in terms of where we are in overall risk.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So thanks for the question and for the comment. I mean, our view on efficiency ratio and the migration there is that we need to look across all expenses, particularly as we're building out sort of more platform-driven businesses, which will be less compensation, if you will, expense intensive and more operationally intensive. And obviously, the marginal margin as you build scale around those will increase, and so hence, our turn in that direction. I would point out that if you look at the efficiency ratio, we report a number which is flat year-on-year, again notwithstanding growth and expense of 12%. But equally, litigation reserves in that number took that number in a direction where it would have been about 230 basis points lower in terms of the efficiency ratio than where we reported it. I'm not suggesting that what we reported is anything but correct, but just to give you a sense of the migration. It's hard to know right now and to give you a sense of what the forward target would be. I think over time, you should expect us based on the revenue -- the durable revenue that David was talking about and recurring revenue on the basis of platform that we will extract greater efficiency in the business as the business skews in that direction and as we run through this front to back. And in the coming months as we meet and sit with more of you, my hope is that we can guide you, directionally speaking, to where this will go. But the downward trend is one that we hope to continue to realize.
Stephen Scherr: [Technical Difficulty] example of that is in any lending business, when you are in a growth mode, you continue to have reserve build right to the point at which you are at a comfortable, steady state. And from there, you start to see the margin increase. And so I think that each of these businesses, whether it's corporate cash management or Marcus, are all in their early stages. They haven't yet hit their stride, notwithstanding our expectation that they'll hit the targets we set for them in 2020. Those targets were, by no means, a limit of where we think we can take the firm in terms of the overall growth trajectory generally. I would also say that the commentary on efficiency and higher marginal margin should not be limited exclusively to kind of the growth initiatives themselves. So look at FICC, for example. FICC over time, and David was talking about this, there's an element of platform electronification as a means of which you can drive higher volumes in a narrowing a bid-offer spread. And I think even there, as we progress the initiative to build out those platforms, we'll realize greater margin. Again, that's an incumbent business. So the commentary is not limited to those on the growth side.
Stephen Scherr: Well, I would just point out, I think that this is going to cascade down in the organization, meaning our ambition is to put more of the costs in the direct control of the businesses so that they are owning the front to back. In effect, they ought to own their pretax line, meaning they're owning both their revenue line and the cost base. Now I should point out that we will keep certain functions in at the core, as you would expect us do from a control and risk point of view. So there'll be elements of ops and elements of tech that are held at the core. And needless to say, second and third line of control remain at the core. But we're looking to sort of put costs into the control hand of the business and driving businesses to a greater efficiency proposition in terms of how they conduct themselves.
Stephen Scherr: Sure. So what we have seen from MiFID II is really market share consolidation, and it's played out at one level by geography and then another level in terms of individual firms. So we've seen more share consolidate, and that consolidated share move out of certain of the European banks and into the U.S. banks in terms of share of equities. And then within that, it's become kind of a tight game of which, needless to say, we are a major player. And so our expectation is that we're going to continue to see that consolidation. My hope is that we continue to benefit from that share consolidation. And I think we do so in part because we've developed over many years, and we'll continue, research platforms and high-value content that we can play out. And the share comes back to us in -- as a consequence.
Stephen Scherr: Okay. Since there are no more questions, we would like to take a moment to thank everybody for joining the call. On behalf of our senior management team, we hope to see many of you in the coming months. If any additional questions arise in the meantime, please don't hesitate to reach out to Heather. Otherwise, enjoy the rest of your day, and we look forward to speaking with you on our first quarter call in April. Thank you.
David Solomon: So I'll start, Glenn, and I'll just comment. Obviously, we've been in these businesses for a long time. And as I know you appreciate, there's been an evolving multiple businesses, and there's also been an evolving regulatory front that let us down certain paths with respect to the businesses. We do raise funds, and we have gone back in, for example, our traditional merchant banking private equity business to raising a fund. In the last 18 months, we raised an $8 billion or $9 billion fund. That's called Goldman Sachs Capital Partners VII, which is pretty much all client money. We have a plan, a current plan that raises -- and has a number of fundraisers over the course of the next couple of years. That's an existing plan, and it's something we've been doing. What we've identified that we think is a real opportunity given the scope of the magnitude of all the platforms over the firm is to add some resources and broaden the plan to raise more money off the capital given the uniqueness of our platforms and the uniqueness of our sourcing capability. And when you look at that opportunity and you compare what would be significant growth for us compared to other people that are in that business given our platform, our investing resources and our capability to manage money for institutional and individual clients, we have meaningful growth without setting overly ambitious targets. So we are in the process of outlining that all in a much more clear way. There will be some hiring and additional resources that need to be added, but it's not a significant build because the fundamental investing platforms exist, and there's more opportunity to leverage that.
David Solomon: Sure, and I appreciate the question. Obviously, we're cognizant of the way the market is looking at our business mix, and we're also cognizant of the performance of the stock. It's very hard for me to predict, and I won't try to predict when the market will recognize our returns and our progress, but it's our job to stay focused on delivering those returns for shareholders. And over time, if we do, I'm confident that we'll be balanced in an appropriate way. We've been very focused for a number of years on diversifying the platform and moving forward. I do want to say, just to put in context and to highlight maybe in a different way, some of the progress we've made. And many of you obviously have been following the company for a long time.  If 3 to 5 years ago, we said on one of these calls that in 2018, we would have a year where our FICC ICS revenues were less than $6 billion, we were making significant investments in building out a digital consumer platform and we happened to be in a situation where we had [indiscernible] litigation expense that we would deliver $36.6 billion of revenues and a 13.3% return, people would have said, not possible. And the reason that that's happened is we have been working for a number of years to broaden our business, expand our addressable wallet and, at the same point in time, increase the durability of our revenues. And you can see from the slide that we put up at the beginning that over the last x number of years, 5 years, we've moved from less than 50% more fee-based recurring revenues to over 60% today. We continue to be committed to that. And as we're developing a plan to move forward, we see things we can do in the existing businesses and adjacent build, some of which we mentioned, where we feel very confidently that we can continue to push returns higher, especially if we also continue to be focused on running the firm more efficiently, which as Stephen stated, we're very committed to doing. So I think we're in a position where we have opportunities to continue on this path that we've been on. I think one of the things candidly that we need to continue to do better, and I hope you see through this call we are committed to doing, is we need to do a better job giving you information and explaining what we are, what we do, how we do it. I think we're making progress. But I think candidly, we have work to do, and we're going to continue to remain focused on that. And we hope over time, if our focus on expanding the business and diversifying the business while staying true and excellent in the things that have always been core to the business while communicating better, ultimately, the market will follow. And so that's what we're going to stick to and do.
David Solomon: Okay. So I'm going to start, Christian, by making a couple of comments, and then Stephen will go into, I think, a little bit more detail on some of the specifics that you mentioned. But I just want to start by saying that I really like our FICC business. It's a really big, important business. But we're not confused by the fact that the available wallet in market intermediation for large institutions has materially declined over the course of the last five years. One of the things that's been interesting for me over the last two years once I became president and I started spending more time with the broader diverse array of our clients, I'd always go out for the last decade, more than a decade, and see Investment Banking clients. And they always told me how extraordinary they thought are people were, the way our teams work together, the way the executed. As I've had an opportunity over the last two years to go out and spend a lot of time with Securities division clients and with clients of Fixed Income, they say exactly the same thing. Your people are really differentiated. Your risk takers and the capability is really differentiated.  Your execution is really differentiated. We have a very, very strong client franchise business, but's it's in a business where there's been fundamental change and wallet change. I would highlight that if you go back and look at our wallet market shares before the financial crisis in 2005, '06 and '07, our wallet shares were in the 8%, 8.5% range. And if you look at our wallet shares today, our wallet shares are around 12%. And so there was an aberration during the 2009 kind of period where the wallet shares peaked, but we've continued to build this franchise, and we're laser focused on building it. The one thing that I said in my comments that I just want to reiterate is we accept the size of the wallet share that exists, and it's our job to run the business well based on that wallet share to allocate capital over time efficiently and to run that business in an effective way from a cost perspective, and we continue to do that while continuing to invest in the client franchise. And so Stephen, I think, will make some comments to add on some of the more specific detailed parts of the question.
David Solomon: Sure. So look, as you would expect us do, we'll look at all options to grow the franchise both organic or inorganic. We're extremely focused on the organic opportunities, and we actually think the plan we're developing, which is an organic plan, can drive to meaningfully higher returns over time. And the preference would always be to drive organic progress in the business. I've said to many of you in meetings I've had in with you individually, and I'd say it here, we'll look at inorganic opportunities. I think you'll continue to see a few smaller add-on opportunities across our businesses, particularly when you look at asset management and wealth management. But the bar for doing significant inorganic move is extremely high. And as someone who's been around M&A for a significant portion of my career, I know the bar to do that should be extremely high. But it's our job as a management team to be well-versed on any opportunity that we think can advance our returns and our cost for shareholders, and we'll operate that way as we move forward.
David Solomon: Sure, and I appreciate the question. Obviously, we think about this, and we monitor it carefully. First, I'll talk about employees first, and I think morale and the firm for employees is high. Employees feel good about the performance of the firm. They do not like the fact that we're dealing with the situation in 1MDB. And certainly, I think people here are extremely angry and upset about the fact that we had a partner of the firm involved in such a significant fraud. And as I said in my remarks, that's something that we have enormous regret about. But the business has performed well. I think people recognize that this is something that we're going through a deliberative process of resolving. But people feel good about the firm, our client franchise, the work they're doing with our clients and the way the firm's positioned. In terms of our clients, we obviously are extremely engaged with our clients and are talking to our clients on a regular basis, and I would say the impact on our client franchise at this point across the globe has been de minimis. I'm not, in any way, shape or form, not aware of all the noise in the press and all the articles. And I read them, I watch them as you do. And I, for a moment, would not say that the impact of this is a reputational dent to the firm that we have to and we'll work through. But that said, as we deal with clients and we stay focused on our clients, we're executing for them. And I think you also have to be cognizant of the fact that a lot of what gets in the press and where it comes from has motivations in the context of the resolution of what's a difficult process.
David Solomon: So as we talked about, as we think about Marcus and we think about Marcus as it started with one plan -- with one product. Our plan has always been to build a platform, and that platform would be digital, and it would be a storefront over which we could distribute multiple products, some products that we originate and come off our platform, some products maybe that we distribute for others. There's always been a focus on the fact that we have a massive wealth management business at the very, very high end. And we've always shied away from broadening that footprint or making it more retail, for another lack of term, because the only way you could do that previously was to basically own a big brokerage. And there were a lot of reasons why we didn't think, for us, that owning a big brokerage was something that we wanted to do as we thought strategically going forward about where the firm would go. But now with a digital platform, we have opportunities to acquire clients and feed clients into our platform on a much more effective cost of customer acquisition basis. And so our vision is to continue to build out that platform and add more products and more connectivity into our wealth management business over time.
David Solomon: Sure. So first, obviously when you want a front to back and you look at your businesses, there's an element of cost-cutting and capital allocation. But the real purpose of looking at businesses front to back, the starting fundamental purpose is to understand your addressable market and the opportunity set and then with your resources to figure out the most effective way to deliver on it. So I want to be very, very clear. As any new management team would do in any large company, as they start down the path of evolving a strategy, you really want to look at the opportunity you have in businesses and then your ability to deliver on those opportunities. And so at a high level, the purpose of the front to back was both opportunity and then also efficiency, as you highlight. Stephen has a couple of other comments just with respect to kind of the detail.
