Harvey M. Schwartz: So, I'd say we don't feel like they've abated a bit. I mean you see in the day-to-day volatility and that really is about I think the adjustments to people basically recalibrating to both a somewhat wider credit spread environment and obviously higher absolute interest rates and you can see that obviously it's quite visible, for example, in movements in a 10-year. So I think people are adjusting. What I would say is that it's now a very information-centric environment. And what I mean by that is people – all of our clients are going to be very keenly watching data, economic data whether it's nonfarm payrolls in United States, GDP growth in Europe, Japan, China, really trying to form their view because for the very long period of time, I think there was an expectation that this unusual low rate environment would persists. And to some extent people could build expectations around that. And now that we might be entering a different regime, you'll see people probably respond more to data but then again it's hard to [grade]. But I would say to answer your question the short way which is it does feel like people have recalibrated at this stage. And by the way and some of this, Howard, is returning to kind of normal interest rate levels, it feels good in some respects in terms of economic activity.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think it's too early to tell which I why I highlighted the sensitivity to economic data. People are going to form their own impressions over the next several months and certainly everybody will be watching – clients are basically sitting on the edge of their seat for every communique out of the Federal Reserve and so there will be some sensitivity. But it feels like we're tracking more back to a period of normalcy.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Right. So, obviously from a Goldman Sachs perspective and this is an industry participant, we're thrilled to see clearing really coming into vogue now. And as we talked about in the last call, while it's taken a while and people could be frustrating at the pace of things, the reality is that I think the regulators and market participants have done really an excellent job of the progression of phase 1 and phase 2. And as you saw, there was lots of concerns in the marketplace and for all intents and purposes it went through without any hiccups. I think as it relates to sort of any material move in bid out spreads or volumes, there are no material change there and it's too early for that. I think, to the extent to which clearing had a long-term impact on market structure it will happen over many months and years like we’ve seen in other market places.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Sure, so it's been a while since we’ve updated this audience on risk-weighted assets, so I just want to walk through this a little bit carefully. The last time we talked to you last year we gave you a number of $728 billion in terms of risk-weighted assets. That number is now $600 billion. I’m going to break it down and then I want to come back and reference the $728 billion I just mentioned. So the $600 billion our best estimate giving the final rule is $180 billion for market risk-weighted assets, $340 billion for credits, $80 billion for operation. Now you can obviously do the math, but that translates into $56 billion of Tier 1 common. The reason why I want to draw everyone’s attention to the comparison of the $600 billion to the $728 billion is because the way the final rules came out it was certain deductions that we were previously assuming would be risk-weighted assets which actually became deductions to capital. And so the $600 billion versus the $728 billion is not really apples-to-apples, the best way to think about our current position under the final rules is the 9.3% which obviously as I said during my prepared remarks is 20 basis points within range of the buffer. In terms of passive, you should be thinking about roughly $35 billion in risk-weighted assets that will roll off between now and the end of 2015.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, so I think I would describe it more as things are episodic. In other words I don’t think there is a massive transition that’s occurred in terms of four weeks ago till today clearly when you get big moves in interest rates all market participants are going to adjust their risk profiles and you’ll see flows for example out of fixed income assets into other assets. I think that, as I said I think it's quite normal for us to see this and people are nearly in a position of reassessing their risk profile, but in terms of Goldman Sachs I can’t speak for the rest of the street. Goldman Sachs is we feel quite well positioned in terms of our ability to make capital for our clients.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, as we’ve guided every one in the past generally speaking for the equity portfolio or reasonable guide it could be the MSCI, obviously there are divergence in this period. And as we’ve always told people it's really just a guide and there are going to be periods where idiosyncratically there’s elements of the portfolio where we under perform, there’s going to be periods where we over perform, obviously relative to that kind of benchmark in this quarter we outperformed and it really is a combination of things like debt repayments and adjustments obviously interest income is in there, and again idiosyncratically components of the portfolio. In terms of aging, I didn’t bring specific numbers with me Roger, but the private equity portfolio obviously trend to have sort of a longer term frame on it relative to the debt portfolio, but we can follow up with you and give you more detail if that’s helpful.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, we’re always going to run with an amount of liquidity which is really designed to protect the firm and at the same time put us in a position where we can provide capital and liquidity to our clients. With respect to the sort of metrics out there things like the liquidity coverage ratio and we feel very comfortable with respective things like that. I don’t know if you’re going there, but in terms of the, since you mentioned leverage ratio, the only comment I’d say that, we’re not -- we’re going to modulate our liquidity down because of a given metric that’s in the market place even if an incentive exists with that.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Again this is a rule that just came out; it's in proposal form. And as I said, our first assessment is we’re very comfortable with where we are. Now and again there probably shouldn’t be a surprise to anyone given all the work that’s been done on the balance sheet since 2007 with an 80% increase in shareholder equity and a decrease of $108 million in the balance sheet as I said that’s the kind of metric that we should be really well positioned for. Having said that it's in proposal form, so we’ll have to see the final rule, and the only reason I’m not being more specific about numbers in this stage is our team really hadn’t had a time to building the kind of diligence that we would normally want them to, but as I said first we feel comfortable, lets see how the final rule is, we’ll work with the regulators.
Harvey M. Schwartz: It's a good question, but obviously exceptionally difficult to answer. Time will tell on that and we as a firm have had to navigate multiple rate regimes. If you just think about the rate regimes that we’ve experienced since 2000 and the volatility associated with that and not because just we haven't been on unprecedented period of sort of globally coordinated decline in rates, but I do think that the -- to the extent at which rates are a proxy for the thing about the fixed income business from a forward view, I think it really depends on what the driver is. I think even though it seems exceptionally unlikely if rate increases were due to things like inflation, then I think it's a different scenario than if it's as I said kind of a returning to a normal world of more steady economic growth. I think that's a reasonably attractive opportunity set not just for [FX] potentially but obviously across the entire firm. And so that's what we're routing for. Now in terms of strategically positioning the business and we benefit from the fact that it's diversified, we can interact with our clients across the full suite of their interest, whether its currencies, mortgages, interest rates and we have the global footprint required to do that. So, in a quarter like this where Asia becomes particularly interesting, we can deliver for our clients because we're positioned and we're strategically connected to do that.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, it relates to the tax where you could just think of this as a quarterly benefit. The [war for] talents, it's something we do every day. I would say that there's nothing that we see in terms of sort of a shift. Goldman Sachs people are always in high demand and our competitors are always looking to take them over to their firms. I will say over the past several months, we've always felt like we're well positioned to recruit; we'll say its stealth like, we've had some recruiting tailwinds this year. Whether this is sustainable we'll see.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Comfortable? So I'm not trying to be cute with you. Look, it's just come out. Our team has looked at it. Our early read is all the things we've done in the balance sheet over the past several years has left us reasonably well positioned. And so I know that perhaps you'd like me to get more specific into the [number] at this stage, I just want to give the team the final time to really dot the i's and cross the t's. But as I said, we think we can manage without any major adjustments certainly.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Sorry, by comfortable I don't mean that timeframe. But again, I want everyone to really know this is a proposed rule. So let's see how the dialogue evolves with the regulators.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, right now as it relates to the ratio we're pretty comfortable. As we stated before, we plan to run with 100 basis point buffer and putting us in range of 20 basis points of that given the incredibly long [flight] path to compliance in 2019, we feel pretty comfortable. And one thing I do – you didn't ask specifically about this, but one thing I do want to give people a sense for is we talked about this 100 basis point buffer so that we can give people an estimate of where we thought we would ultimately land. Of course that was operating under a proposed set of rules, not finalized. So the way we typically work with metrics at Goldman Sachs is we introduce our own metrics for example is we'll work with them, we'll monitor them; we'll see how they move. And so we're going to do the same with this final Basel III rule now that we have it. And so in that sense, we feel quite comfortable. Now in the terms of the specific deductions, it mostly relates to financial institutions and at the specific deduction we can get into the [ways] offline if you'd like, but it relates to investments in funds and other things on balance sheet. Now it has to be the case that that sort of coincidentally runs parallel with sort of mitigating actions that we're taking under the – what we think the vocal rule is going to be when finalized. So we feel pretty good about that too.
Harvey M. Schwartz: It's always been the case and we like to build it into the muscle memory of the firm that everyone knows we're going to have to adapt. I think if you look at what we've done over the past 18 months as it relates to the Basel III ratio and now we have the final rule we can really discuss it with you in clarity which is nice, I feel very good about our team's ability to continue to make progress.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, I answered that question just a second ago, Betsy. You might have missed it. You should just think of it as a one-time event for this quarter.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Okay. So actually on the reinsurance business – again, I would say it was a business that we liked in Goldman Sachs. It didn't make sense obviously under the new rules and so we're in a position where quite frankly a win-win for us and our clients in the investing division because we're able to take the action that we did.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Very difficult to tell, and we don't run the business week-to-week in terms of how the market's responding. Obviously we stay very focused on the risk dynamics in the marketplace when we go through the risk committee and obviously in the trenches. But strategically the way you have to interact with clients whether it's for example long-term investors that are managing pension obligations or insurance companies and the flipside this might even be more market sensitive to our total return business. So we just have to make sure that we stay very, very focused on our clients and it's a good opportunity because it's a content differentiating world right now. And so we have an opportunity to do that. We just have to deliver.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I think it's actually to say it literally had zero impact on how we think about the data and management of the commodity business and I emphasized that zero only because we run that business for the long-term. We entered that business in 1981 it's been core to our clients and core to the entire integrated strategy of the security division which includes both fixed income and equities. And so those kinds of near term adjustments in the market place super relevant for the conversations that our people on the ground are having with their clients all around the globe, but not a dictator to us in terms of how we think about our multi-decade commitment to the commodity business.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No the capital -- we don’t dial down the capital to the business. The client demand and the client activity levels will drive the capital needs that we provide.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, we have a long history of adopting and participating in platform developments, obviously it goes all the way back to trade web and we both developed our own internal platforms and we participate in external platforms. So, I don’t think this represents any specific hurdles in terms of participating in that. I do think it will be quite interesting as trading moves over to swap execution facilities later in the year maybe to the beginning of next year, I think it will be quite interesting to see the market dynamic around that and particularly as we interface the finalized rules how the business evolves.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So once you have evolved, the way and we talked about this before. One of our competitive advantages assuming we execute is the fact that no we have SecDB, which is our internally developed platform. It is the platform that we use across all of our businesses whether you’re trading currencies in Asia or if you’re trading stocks in United States and so that should give us some advantage in terms of how we vision our self and our speed and our ability to adapt. But I think the early stage of this, I can’t -- maybe I’m wrong, but I think the early stage of this is somewhat similar to clearing and that it's all about educating the clients, interface with the clients and making sure that connectivity works for them, it's a big adjustment in terms of execution protocol for them. And then what we’ve just – really the differentiating thing is the content, and we just have to keep providing content.
Harvey M. Schwartz: You have a better view on the competitors and their exposure to securitization. We’ve never really been big in securitization as it relates to sort of the new issue pipeline of for example residential mortgages, obviously we’ve been a big participant over the past several years in our ability to connect capital for clients, moving portfolios -- secondary portfolios. For example people would be risking out of Europe and connecting investors in the U.S. But I don’t know necessarily that I would attribute any concern to higher interest rates for us as it relates to the securitization activity level. Now that may translate into less activity for the entire industry. And it's really I think to some degree a bit of, of how it evolves over the next six months in terms of peoples expectations. Again if it's a particular volatile period it could have a different impact if we settle in and people feel a certain confidence around economic activity, it could clearly translate quite differently.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, so I don’t have any specific comments as it relates to the details of the paper. What I would say is, I think the really important takeaway as it relates to all of these regulatory processes is it's all about an ability to adapt. All firms are going to operate in the same rule sets. And so historically we’ve done a pretty good job of adapting and we just need to continue adapting. And one of the things I’ve said is, and I like to think of a bit of as an operating principal is a very, very low premium on trying to predict the outcome of rules. But it's huge, huge premium on adapting once you see them. Predicting rules and responding can be incredibly costly, you can get widely misdirected and you can lose track to your clients. Responding to rules, once they’re finalized that really is a differentiating factor and we have to execute.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, as I said in the opening the backlog was basically unchanged quarter-over-quarter from first quarter to second quarter, and just to give you a little bit of color, it was down a very small amount of advisory at the end of the quarter and it was up in underwriting. In terms of where it is, it's too early in the quarter to see how things will revolve, so I wouldn’t take any material takeaways from any changes over the past two weeks.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, there was nothing material with the sale of the reinsurance business. Just to give people some context on that business, obviously I have come through a lot of detail already, but since you’re asking the question it represented just under 2% of last years pre-tax income.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, so as you mentioned last year second quarter 2012 there was $259 million from revenues in the reinsurance business obviously significantly less, 80 plus million in this quarter. So when you adjust after that you’re right a strong performance in the equity business. Part of that equity derivatives I will say there was – there were – I'd say two other drivers; one is there was some good opportunities to provide our clients with capital around index rebalancings and other areas where we could really lean into the strength of client relationships, technology and capital committing in a way that I think leaves us quite well positioned, and obviously I noted that our performance in the equity derivative business broadly. But there's a little bit of a – everybody keeps talking about the rotation out of fixed income into equities and who knows how that will play out over the next decade. But certainly a lot of activity in equities space, particularly in Asia.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, we haven't – it's early days so we haven't spent a huge amount of time in terms of the capital benefits. As these leverage ratios unfold, one of the things I'm sure we'll get a lot of debate in the proposal process is the extent to which custody of client assets. Effectively people just putting money in a safe or holding collateral, how that plays out in a leverage ratio but we haven't done a huge amount of work as it relates to capital benefit at this stage.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, we would expect over long term, a capital benefit but I think more importantly we've always been quite conservative we feel relative to the broad marketplace as it relates to the extension of credit and the extent to which more activities is cleared, obviously that levels the playing field and removes the ability of our third or fourth quartile more marginal competitor in a specific space to compete on terms. They have to compete on content and execution. But look, again early days and not seeing any tailwinds or headwinds at this stage.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So we're very focused on it. In terms of the trend obviously it's been a very important component of our business. Nothing specific there. The only thing I would say is that obviously as we previously announced, in anticipation of adjusting for that component of the vocal rule which we think will be in the finalized rule, we have been removing our own capital.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. I want to make sure I understand your question clearly. The things that for example that we think are [indiscernible] businesses, for example, pre-crisis businesses like correlation books and things like that which just aren't relevant to our clients today and are quite capital consumptive under the new rule sets. So as it relates to clearing, given the number of instruments we have cleared now, I don't think the two really overlap. I do think that – I'll speculate a little bit here. I do think that as these rules get finalized and we're only living with really clearing for a couple of months now and then when we come into swap execution facilities, the venture – very interesting to see the impact that has on client activity which as best we can tell was a little dampened for the industry given the uncertainty around the rule sets. And so as we get certainty, it could be a little bit of a tailwind for volumes.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, I think you're right. The extent to which [indiscernible] leads to depending on the metric that we're observing, reduced notionals or other things then that's a natural tailwind for the industry. I think more importantly one thing we're all subject to having sort of kneejerk reactions to these proposed rules when they come out. I will say the regulators consistently, as least so far, have been very thoughtful about the glide path. So the adjustment process if we needed to make one, the way we would approach that is the way we've approached all the other rules that we've lived with as they've come into place, which is we evaluate the rule, we deploy tools to our people and in that context of delivering to our clients and at the same time maximizing the return to the shareholders, we'd adjust. So that's how we would handle it. But I think the nuance question around whether clearing is a tailwind to reduce I think the answer is yes on that. But I'm not [keeping the weeds] on that specific issue but we will get back to you on it.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No. And the reason why I didn't do that is not because I'm not happy to have the conversation but the way the sale to reinsurance has worked, it actually is it's a bit of adjustments to equity and it's also adjustments to RWAs, so I think the best way to frame it for all of you is just to say the net outcome is 50 basis points.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So with respect to the standardized approach, we're still finalizing the numbers there but our first review is we're comfortably over the minimum requirements. But at this stage it's sort of the same with the leverage ratio, I want the team to really finalize the numbers before I cross the i and dot the t's on that, but we're comfortably and hopefully in excess.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, there's nothing specific to comment on that. I was just trying to give you a little bit of extra color on how the quarter wrapped up, but I'm sure it wasn't surprising to anyone given the volatility in markets.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So no change in commitment and the mix hasn't changed significantly. It's down a little bit in the Americas, up a little bit in Europe but there are no material changes. But the core part of your question, which I think is the most important part is in terms of the strategic approach of the firm, very, very committed, very focused to those markets.
Harvey M. Schwartz: You know when we look at NPRs, our approach might be a little bit different and you’ve seen from the peers, look – I suspect you could have said the same thing about Basel III process where I think you probably felt the same way in terms of being behind peers in terms of level of disclosure. Look one of the reasons that is, is because if we give you $728 billion and we update it quarter to quarter to quarter and then it dropped to $600 billion, I’m not sure we’re giving you a lot of value in that. I think there is much more value in sharing the process with you. Now when we have real confidence in the exact number, then we will be fine to share with you. But as I said, may be comfortable is the word of the day, we’re comfortable.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Yeah, I wouldn’t extrapolate too much information from the proposed rule set with respect to 2018 is miles away, if that gives you some context of how we’re thinking about our initial review of the ratio. I’m not trying to be flipping with you. When we really finalize the numbers, I’m happy to come back to on it.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, with respect to the first, there are always going to be pluses and minuses when you get a final rule set in terms of things that impact your ratio. But the reality is that I think the key driver here and we’re happy to spend more time with you offline is what referred to as the financial institutions deduction, and as I said before it comes – it’s a deduction from capital and it relates to both investments and funds, and also financial institution assets that we hold on balance sheet as part of our liquidity provision to clients. And so we’re happy to walk you through that in more detail. The rest of its kind of pluses and minuses back and forth.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, the one reason why I tried to draw the distinction between what you brought out in the fourth quarter of last year the 728 is just the change in the rule set. So, obviously there is passive things that occur, there is incremental capital built up during the quarter. But I think the primary takeaway should be the headline number of 9.3%.
Harvey M. Schwartz: And now that – now we have the final rule, we will keep up updated with respect to how the RWAs move.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Sure. So, in terms of the recalibration of interest rates, I think very difficult to predict, near-term what impact that have in terms of the debt market’s appetite for new issues and the issuers ability or desire to pull the trigger on a particular transaction. I will say that, I think one of the most frequently asked questions we got at the end of the fourth quarter was the ability of the debt performance to continue and it was the same question at the end of the first quarter. So, obviously we will see how things unfold. With respect to how we position the business, I listed off some of the transactions that we executed during the quarter, and really leveraged finance was a significant driver and this is all about again staying extremely focused on our clients. Particularly in our Investment Banking franchise where we’re working with CFO's and CEO’s and how they think about their balance sheets or how they think strategically about merger activity. But again, the core message here is we’re less focused on the quarter activity and much more just focused on the client long-term.
Harvey M. Schwartz: No, we don’t have any specific insight in terms of any of the new debt proposals that you would have seen. As far as observation about the capital structure obviously preferred are fine. Trust preferred are being looked at, but we’ll circle back to you with respect, but there is no change in anything as it relates to capital planning. By the way, I’d say that with respect to how we’re thinking about share repurchase too. No changes in respect to capital planning as a result of any of the finalized proposed rules that we see in the marketplace.
Harvey M. Schwartz: We evaluate the cost all the time, but it’s not a question of cost so much. It is a question about basically positioning the firm to run it conservatively and position it for clients. So, it look – I think if you were on a discussion with our treasury team and myself talking about how we should think about cost at the margin, we’re much more concerned about the stability of the capital structure and less about cost.
Harvey M. Schwartz: So, just Orderly Liquidation Authority just for everyone dialing in, obviously any wall set that conceptually is designed to create order, in principal, we don’t have any issues with. We haven’t seen the detail in the weeds on that. And it gets back to what I said earlier, we’re not going to adjust the capital structure of the firm based on a discussion or where we kind of guess things will come out. That’s not the way we’re going to think about or manage the capital structure. So, no changes and now at best we can tell. Again, these are all in discussions, so we don’t have details. So as best we could tell given the amount of debt we have at the Holdco, one might say that we’re reasonably well positioned, but again, really big caveat on that. We haven’t seen any details.
Harvey M. Schwartz: Well, certainly the activity levels in Japan and when I say Japan I don't necessarily mean specifically Japan geographically but activity that's driven around Japan. So, given the global nature of our clients one of the most important things that we need to do across the entire firm is make sure that we connect geographically in a way to deliver content. So it might be clients in Europe that are very focused on events in Japan, same as the U.S. So a lot of capturing that is making sure that they content mechanism works and a transmission mechanism works. And so I'll say Japan was a driver certainly of increased activity but not just isolated to Japan that's not on benefits.
Harvey M. Schwartz: I mean that's fair. I think there's more upside in Europe and I think there's more upside specifically – and again, this could play out over many years. I think there's more upside specifically for U.S. based firms like ourselves Goldman Sachs.
