Harvey Schwartz: So, let's just start with the balance sheet; you know that the balance sheet at the end of the quarter for the fourth quarter was $79.5 billion and in terms of debt, that's basically -- north of $50 billion of that is in the debt line. So that's the bulk of the balance sheet. In terms of equity, as you know, we have $4 billion of public equity and $18 billion of private equity. Now, in terms of the performance in the equity line, in terms of the quarter, we don't think of it as much as asset sales, because we make asset sales often, there is a period we are restricted. That's why we are careful to give you the public equity numbers. But basically, when you break it down, give or take 40% of the performance came from those assets that are already public. 40% came from basically company improvements and the balance would come from things like pending IPOs and things like that. That's how I'd break it down for you.
Harvey Schwartz: So I think -- I just want to make sure, I am going to rephrase your question to make sure I understand it. I think you're saying that, in terms of -- under regulatory guidelines, under the vocal compliance, that number is approximately $8 billion, and so, a bit of a high class problem, as we have been harvesting, that number has obviously been going up, because there has been good performance. Now remember of course, one of the reasons we were focusing on that with you over the last couple of years is, because the original deadline in that was July of this year. Of course, the regulators have granted an industry-wide extension on that through 2017. So we continue to focus on it.
Harvey Schwartz: So on FICC, I think you're right to say that, one of the things we have benefited from, certainly is the diversity of the businesses. Its not just FICC, its across equities as well, because as you said, even in a quarter like this, where you're seeing improved FICC performance sequentially and year-over-year, you're really seeing it in the macro side of the business, and as you said, not all cylinders are firing. In terms of us, through this part of the cycle, while you were beating us up, we were spending a lot of time focused on the clients and staying very-very committed to the businesses, and we are seeing it translate through. I don't have perfect visibility into our competitor's obviously, but you've seen the announcements, some things more stark like commodities. But certainly, we are hearing it from clients, and now we are starting to see a bit of it, I would say geographically, certainly in Europe. I know you asked about FICC, maybe take the equity business for example. We have seen a trend in derivatives, and then certainly in a quarter like this, it was pretty significant.
Harvey Schwartz: Right. Okay, I understand. So as you know, we get very little transparency by design, in terms of how the regulators have constructed CCAR going into the test. One thing of course is, we get transparency on our results coming out of the test. And so last year, you saw us digest that information among other regulatory constraints, and we took very immediate action around the balance sheet, and as you saw in the second quarter, reduced the balance sheet by $50 billion. Every year's test, you learn a little bit more in terms of the results. This year's tests, in terms of the constraints, again this is all public, had to deal with total capital, and so we are again digesting the results, and we will look at that, in terms of how we think about deploying our balance sheet, our capacity and our capital structure, and again, we will go through a process. I am not saying the process will yield the same results in terms of last year's balance sheet actions, but we are going through that same diagnostic process now, with our teams in the businesses.
Harvey Schwartz: So, as I mentioned, we are seeing it in certain parts. I guess one of the areas I point to, is if you just look at the capital we committed to block transactions during the course of the quarter, obviously there were some significant capital commitments we made to clients during the course of the quarter, the largest block transactions that were done. And so, we felt very well positioned to connect those sellers or issuers of equity, with buyers on the other side. I'd say more broadly, the process of repricing has been maybe slower than folks would have expected. We are certainly seeing it in parts of the business, and when you start to see it, is when the market picks up. So again, I highlight the derivatives activity, which was a solid driver in our equities client execution line this quarter. We have also talked about it in commodities for example. So in the comm markets, you don't see it as much. But when activity picks up, you start to see it.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah so, within equities, the performance was really broad based in what we saw this quarter. We talked for a long time with you about -- to really be a significant player in this, you need to have scale and you need to -- for example, be in all the business lines, whether its prime brokerage, derivatives, ability to commit capital which I just spoke about, you need to have strong electronic capabilities, and you need to be geographically diverse. And this was a quarter, where we really saw strong contribution across the entire business, and I highlight derivatives in Europe, because it was a driver, and we hadn't seen it recently, but that's really a sum of it, but was really broad-based, and it really leaned into the strength of our business. And again also of course, we had a weaker Q1 last year. But it was a solid performance.
Harvey Schwartz: So, the 42% at this stage is our best estimate. We did reduce the competition expense last year from 44% to 43%, and then this is 42%. And again, we have always talked about the fact that, the compensation is going to be driven by performance, and this year with the 14% year-over-year increase in revenues, that's our best estimate. Now in terms of the operating leverage, this has been years of hard work, in terms of managing expenses, really thinking about how to most efficiently use the resources. And so, when you have that in place and you get the revenue uptick, obviously, its much -- you can more easily translate that into the bottom line, and that's what you're seeing this quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: No. As I said, prime brokerage balances were up. There were a number of drivers in volume and activity. But it was really client driven. So there were index rebalance, transactions that we do. This quarter, we were able to facilitate large volumes for clients. It just came together nicely.
Harvey Schwartz: So, let me start with technology, because obviously technology has been a critical driver and part of our operating infrastructures are firm for as long as you have been covering us and well before. And that investment is not something obviously you can do in a short period of time. So this reflects decades of investment in technology platform as you know. We have talked about this in the past, Mike, we have one risk management platform SecDB, which certainly gives us some efficiencies in scale, because as we adapt, if we need to build things for our equity business, or if we need to build things in different parts of the world, it obviously goes without saying, that you can be more efficient as you replicate those things. So its that constant reinvesting in the business that gives us that flexibility, but that's not new. The regulatory component obviously, as we get into the finalization of rules and the implementation of rules, that will continue to be an ongoing process; when we think about technology away from the narrow subset of regulatory compliance, which plays obviously a mentally critical role. The other way we think about it is, really how do we deliver to clients, and that again, we continue to invest in, and then other than being efficient, are there ways we can grow revenues from technology, and so we are constantly monitoring that.
Harvey Schwartz: So lets just take Investment Banking, Mike; so you remember, at the end of last year, we talked about the fact that we had 1 trillion announced transactions and there was a $200 billion gap between us and our next closest competitor. So in the first quarter obviously, you would expect to see a certain of those transactions coming through. I would point out that the backlog is up significantly from last year. And so, in terms of the backlog in the quarter, it was down a little bit in investment banking, and then it was up across equity underwriting and it was up across debt underwriting. [Indiscernible] about the backlog, in the way that you described it, but for example, if you asked the question slightly differently, you said listen, the trend in banking, does it feel like its still in place? The short answer to that is yes; when we talk to CEOs and Boards, CEO and Board confidence continues to be high, and you've even seen in the last couple of weeks in announced transactions, there is a fair bit of activity out there, and we feel very well placed for it.
Harvey Schwartz: So, on the trading side I'd say the same thing; in terms of trends, this discussion around diverging monetary policies, which is a catalyst. That trend feels like its in place, and the client dialog and in terms of our communication, we are very focused. But in terms of you extrapolating that in terms of the quarter, its very early in the quarter, and so all these things, as you know, are going to be driven by the environment, and ultimately, how our clients respond to that.
Harvey Schwartz: I am glad you asked that question; because we have had this discussion around target. And as we said before, a call wouldn't be complete, unless we talked about something about a target with you Mike. So really important, the PSUs that you mentioned, which I am sure you saw in the proxy, that is not a target for the firm; and that's an important distinction for everyone to understand. The reason we don't have a published ROE target, is because it's just not how we manage the firm. If you recall, all the time we spent in the fourth quarter, talking about our ROE framework, in terms of how we think about capital management. That's a much better way to understand how the firm thinks about most efficiently deploying its capital. So in terms of the PSUs, as for the proxy, our Board engaged with shareholders actively as they always do, and they took that feedback in along with other constituents, and they felt like adding those metrics to certain executives in the firm, made sense from a shareholder perspective.
Harvey Schwartz: The other thing Mike I'd say on ROE target, its interesting you know; if we'd had an ROE target out there, and again, because you and I have gone through this so many times. If we'd had a target out there, we had an 11.2% return last year. If we had a target out there of 13%, and we had our 14.7%, I don't know how you would digest that. We really view 14.7%, it’s a good solid performance for the quarter, its close -- we are really in mid-teens territory now. But our aspirations to deliver for our shareholders are higher. And so -- again, that's why we don't have a specific target. We really think about how to drive value over the long run.
Harvey Schwartz: So we have obviously been actively involved with the regulators, as does the industry broadly on the trading book review. I think its too early to extrapolate anything from the QIS in terms of any final rule. Our discussion, we think its important -- its really about calibration in terms of how folks want to actually think about the next round of a rule set. But as you have seen us do in the past, whenever we get a final rule, we will work within that rule set. I think that -- as we think about these rules that impact businesses where we require to have inventory, again we got to think about calibration, because we need to think about market liquidity and the industry's ability to provide that, so that has been a discussion for us.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah I would say, let's give regulators time on this, I don't want to pre-judge anything. There is still a lot of work to do.
Harvey Schwartz: So the driver -- I mean, our commodity is all about the clients. As you know, we have sold certain assets, and that's really the driver and when we talk about commodities within our fixed income business, that's what it is. I think -- look, its an interesting time to be having this discussion around commodities and regulation, because as we have seen really since the first quarter of last year, we start to see volatile natural gas markets, then followed by this huge decline in the energy markets over the last six plus months. I think it really reinforces the needs for firms like Goldman Sachs to be in a position to provide our clients with liquidity, with financing capacity, and so for us, as you know, we have been in the commodity business forever. We know how valuable it is to our clients, we are hugely committed to it. In terms of regulation, we will see how the regulation evolves, and again, we will stay in active dialog with the regulators. But I think at this stage, everybody sees how critical it is, and how important it is to clients. That's what I would say.
Harvey Schwartz: As you know, year-to-year, the CCAR test changes. Obviously I can't speak to anything at supervisory level detail. But there were aspects and nuances of this year's tests, that to the extent to which we use our capacity, that we would use our capacity later in the year. Now this is public of course, the Federal Reserve gives you capacity on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And so, I was just letting you know, that due to nuances in this year's test, largely driven by the fact that we are mark-to-market firm -- we mark-to-market our balance sheet, that the -- to the extent to which we use it, it will be more back-end weighted.
Harvey Schwartz: No. I was specifically speaking in a CCAR context, with the expected capacity. Of course, as you know when you look at our long history, as a firm, for the vast majority of our history, we have reinvested capital into the business, and so to the extent to which we continue to see growth in client demand, obviously that's our preference.
Harvey Schwartz: So we don't break it down specifically at that level. What I will tell you, it’s the same process. We continue to evaluate any outstanding litigation in the course of the quarter, and we accrue accordingly.
Harvey Schwartz: So again, to the extent to which on any specific cases, we are not going to comment. I am sure you understand that. I would really encourage you to look at the most recent 10-K and our Q disclosure, where we are very explicit about all these matters.
Harvey Schwartz: So it’s a good question. So just for everyone who may have not had a chance to be [indiscernible] beginning of the call, effective tax rate for last year was 31.4 and for the quarter was 27.7, and as you have pointed out Guy, that was mostly driven by geographic earnings mix. What I would say is, all factors being equal, in terms of the full year rate, and the way you should think about it, given that we are starting from such a low level, I think its reasonable to assume that we come in below last year's rate. But we will see how the year evolves.
Harvey Schwartz: I think this last quarter was really a case of investors evaluating, clients really evaluating, where they used to be, with respect to their portfolios. There was obviously less refinancing activity during this quarter versus a year ago. But I would say the key driver is the debate overrates and how people are thinking about their portfolios. I think if we saw a path towards normalized rates over time, I think you could see a pick-up.
Harvey Schwartz: You're right. In terms of -- if you want to use the benchmark path cycles, certainly there is room for increased M&A activity. In terms of our discussions with CEOs and Boards, I would say that the momentum feels still quite good. There is large transactions within industries tend to be a catalyst for other transactions. Strategies are very well positioned, in terms of driving synergies, the financing markets remain attractive. Again -- so, there is room here, and our recent dialog is quite good, and as you point out, there is room versus sort of historical benchmarks.
Harvey Schwartz: Look, we will see how the subsequent quarter goes. I would say that, look, if we looked at last year's first quarter, it was definitely a more challenging market-making environment. Again, this is really just one where, geographically, from a derivatives perspective, the ability to commit capital. Things just really lined up quite nicely for our franchise; and again, it was broad based. So the environment was good everywhere. Doesn't mean it can't get better and doesn't mean it can't decline, but it was good everywhere this quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: It’s a complicated question. I would say, first of all Greece has been in view for a long time for folks, so people have had an opportunity to digest it. I think that, on the plus side, the environment in Europe versus 2011 is dramatically different, in terms of -- if you think about the discussion around other peripheral countries relative to 2011. And so I think, those are all things on the plus side. We are obviously monitoring it very carefully. I would say, on the concerning side, look, its an experiment that hasn't been run, and so we will have to see what it has for markets. But its certainly, if we compare this to 2011, you'd have to assume that, the risk is much more contained, given people have had years to focus on this.
Harvey Schwartz: Well clearly, it was a big driver in terms of increased confidence in Europe, and you saw that immediately -- that translated immediately into big uptick in European equity markets. We will see how much pull-through that has during the course of the quarter, but clearly it has been in focus for our clients now, and so we will see how much stamina it has. But obviously the commitment to QE is substantial.
Harvey Schwartz: So, certainly it was a contributor, if I ranked it for you, it was -- Europe was a more significant contributor. But the trend in Asia, has been much better, obviously. And as those markets continue to liberalize, I think the dynamic nature of capital flows will continue to increase. Of course, it was helpful in Asia, but again, this was broad-based across our equity business. Longer term, we are pretty optimistic about the opportunities there though.
Harvey Schwartz: So you may have seen, or you may not have seen, Steven, but we are actually -- we announced this morning, we are out in the market with preferred. So that transaction is out in the market now, and we will be closing later this afternoon. In terms of how we think about this, this is a great question, because as I said before, a lot of this is about how you digest the CCAR results and how you think about -- again things like, how you price the balance sheet, how you deploy your capital and the optimal capital structure. And so, you should assume we are going to look at everything, in terms of how we position the firm going forward as it relates to the capital structure, make sure we do -- we construct it in a way that's most efficient for our clients and most efficient for our shareholders.
Harvey Schwartz: Right. So some of this obviously, we consider proprietary in terms of how we think about the dynamic nature of capital management. But for the folks who haven't studied, and obviously Steven is a very thoughtful consumer of the information. In terms of our return on attributed equity framework, what we have discussed with the marketplace, is basically all those factors that contribute to regulatory capital constraints, Basel-III advanced, standardized, supplementary leverage ratio, elements of CCAR. We had weightings [ph] to those, given their significance and we basically have constructed an algorithm that helps guide us, both in executing certain transactions, and obviously how we evaluate businesses over the long run. But we haven't discussed the specifics of how we incorporate those variables.
Harvey Schwartz: I can't comment specifically in terms of the [indiscernible]. What I will say is, obviously given our role in commodities and our role -- energy companies and industrial companies broadly, the activity level for the past several quarters has been extremely high. Often what you will see is, given sort of this really very steep decline in the oil price, is, those things won't translate immediately. But over time, obviously the industry adjusts that, and then you begin to see things like merger transactions and capital actions. And so, the activity level -- the dialog is quite high, but I can't point you to any specific transactions that I would highlight.
Harvey Schwartz: So in terms of the flow, as we said, there was $13 billion of combined net inflows and market appreciation, offset by $14 billion in liquidity outflows. Those flows can move around, as clients reallocate assets and move back and forth. I think if you look at the historical movement around those predominantly mutual fund assets, you will see flows like this historically, so I wouldn't point to any meaningful indicator. In terms of the margins of the business, obviously this business remains strategically a very high priority for us. We have been investing in it for years, and we continue to see progress; and over time, we expect that you will see margin expansion.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, that's not the key driver in this quarter. It really is the growth in equity. It’s a [indiscernible] driving it this quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: Sure. So fully phased-in is 11.8 and 10.6. Now again, we just got a question on the significant clients for institutional deduction, and so when you look at that, that between the transitional, I would say, the best way to think about it on an apples-to-apples basis, assuming all other factors being equal, you should assume that the fully phased-in versus transitional would roughly be around the midpoint of that, because we get the benefit of the significant institutional deduction, as we move money out of funds. In terms of RWAs on the quarter, for advanced $565 million, and standardized $626 million.
Harvey Schwartz: We haven't finalized a buffer in terms of how we are thinking about that. And so, we will have to see how that evolves, in terms of how we want to think about it. But obviously, there has been significant progress, and we are above the 2018 minimum requirement.
Harvey Schwartz: So the balance sheet reduction we went through last year, it’s a great -- I am glad you brought it up. That was about repricing the balance sheet, and all about this framework we talked about, in terms of how we deploy our marginal capital. And so, if you think again about last year's test, you could grow equity, you could grow capital, but the reality is, you obviously -- you want to do that in a way that delivers marginal returns. And so, that was all about repricing, and so as we went through an exercise last year, that was repricing [indiscernible]. If we again -- our preferred operating position would be to grow the capital base, grow the balance sheet accretively and deploy that capital to clients. but obviously, we are going to be very sensitive to returns on that, and how that marginal balance sheet gets priced.
Harvey Schwartz: Correct. Well we certainly have seen some in terms of pricing, and then last year, we felt the discipline of the process we went through -- went quite well, as we talked about, there was very little disruption to client activity.
Harvey Schwartz: So the discussion around how we manage the businesses and where we think about driving additional leverage, that's a continual conversation at Goldman Sachs that's going to happen all the time; because we are always reviewing the businesses, and making sure we are driving them to the ultimate outcome. Now, to the operating leverage you're seeing, that's firm-wide, and really is the result of, again, the years of investment we made in technology, how we scaled the resources, the cost cutting programs that we announced several years ago that was raised, and several billion dollars. And so, you are now just starting to see all that translate through. But we are constantly evaluating the businesses for opportunities, both to grow and to hold.
Harvey Schwartz: So I highlighted it to give you some sense of the underpinnings of the activity that's driving it. But again, in equities, it really was broad-based client activity, geographic and across the business and within individual product lines.
Harvey Schwartz: Really Kian, its truly client activity across each of the businesses. So I wouldn't highlight any particular product line within the derivative businesses. Obviously, when you have a big up move in European equity markets like you did with QE, obviously that's an opportunity for clients to get involved, and there is lots of things they look at, both from a [indiscernible] perspective and a more structured perspective. I think if you try and answer your question around things like where, people are more interested in derivatives that had maybe multi-variables, sure. But again, it was broad-based, it wasn't any one particular driver.
Harvey Schwartz: I won't talk to our mix, because the firm obviously, we have the intellectual capital on the systems, and the capacity to point that capital for clients. And so, I think we are always well positioned for those parts of the cycles in the market. But again, broad-based in equities.
Harvey Schwartz: We don't provide a detail by macro versus credit. What I would say is that -- look, we have an investment in all these businesses, and again, we benefited from the diversity. At times, credits can be particularly active, and at times, macro is going to be particularly active. But we don't provide disclosure in terms of that split.
Harvey Schwartz: So you may recall that last year, and I was going back to the first quarter 2014, commodities had a very strong quarter, a lot of that is we discussed at the time, was due to the extraordinary volatility of natural gas. And it drove a lot of client activity in the sector, and that was really the first time you and I started talking about the fact, that we were really seeing the absence of competitors on the field, and a huge uptick in client dialog. And so you're just coming off a very strong 2014 first quarter, but commodities remains a very active space for us, and our dialog with clients is quite strong.
Harvey Schwartz: So again, the environment is going to -- ultimately something that we participate in. But I would say that again, the thing that we have focused on over the last several years, which has been making sure that we continue to invest in our client franchise, and at the same time, build operating leverage. That's why you're seeing that. You're seeing the 14% year-over-year growth in quarterly revenues, and its just translating to the bottom line, with a lot of operating leverage.
Harvey Schwartz: So its our best estimate today, Mosby, and we will evaluate the year as we go through and obviously again, as we have discussed in the past, the culture of pay for performance at Goldman Sachs will evaluate it continuously as we go through, and it will be driven by performance.
