Harvey Schwartz: As I said a few minutes ago, clearly a difficult environment for FIC, and we’re not happy with the results. So having said that, with respect to business mix, I think there could be something there in terms of how different franchises are positioned. Certainly as we’ve discussed with you in the past, our FIC business may be somewhat more weighted towards institutional asset managers.  If I back up for a second, if you remember on last quarter’s call, somebody asked me a question about how I thought the market would respond to the potential changes in monetary policy, and the discussion really is around how data-centric people would be. And of course we came into the summer with less certainly around monetary policy, and then there were events in the Middle East, and then of course people actually couldn’t get data with the government shutdown.  So I think there could be something in that. So, I think the whole market environment is not good for that particular client base. However, I don’t want to sound defensive. Again, just not a good quarter for us in FIC.
Harvey Schwartz: In terms of the currency business, obviously it was a business I highlighted, where it was challenging market making conditions and certainly from an inventory perspective. You know, we look at various metrics.  I mean one metric I could point to, for example, would be the VAR schedule in the earnings release. And as you can see, basically from the first quarter to the second quarter, there was a lot of activity in the franchise, and risk had picked up in foreign exchange, and then you’ll see quarter over quarter it’s a pretty significant drop in the currency line. And that’s virtually all driven by risk reduction. In terms of the franchise itself, this I will say, we look at a variety of metrics like you would think, all the numbers we can. We look at our own internal numbers, sales activity, where we can get transparency into the market. But there’s nothing in that data that would tell us that when we look at the metrics, client engagement looks consistent with those kind of volumes. So, franchise feels good. We just had a tough quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, as always, the comp accrual is based on our best estimate for where we think we’ll end up for the end of the year, but of course we still have a quarter to go. I think as it relates to compensation expense, as we’ve talked about before, it’s obviously the firm’s largest expense, and so this process, no different. This I want to be clear with everyone. No difference in terms of philosophy in the way we’re approaching compensation.  So it’s still all the same things we go through in terms of the pay for performance culture that we drive, and so we’ll look at all the components, competitive dynamic, performance, as I mentioned. And of course shareholders and ROE and the way we incorporate that in our thinking, that’s always of course an important meaningful component of it.
Harvey Schwartz: As I said before, under the U.S. rules, which are proposed, we’re at 5% for the hold co and 6% for the bank. We had time obviously in the quarter to analyze the proposed rule. And again, I caveat this that it’s a proposed rule, will likely change. And of course, it’s not effective until 2018.  But I think you should assume that that’s a somewhat conservative estimate, the 5% and the 6%, and in terms of mitigating actions, too early for us to really be thinking heavily about mitigating actions. We want to see how the rule evolves. We’ll engage the regulators.  And the way we incorporate this, for a lack of better language, it will be how we incorporate this into our toolkit will be no different than we do with other regulatory metrics. Just like we talked about at your conference earlier in the year, which is actually rolling out some sample tools has proved to be fortuitous in terms of giving people an example of how we’ll deploy it. But it’s pretty early in the process. We’ll see how it evolves. 
Harvey Schwartz: Really excellent question. We haven’t broken down and disclosed the allocation by those segments in terms of the capital. And I think it’s clear if we think about the capital allocation in terms of sort of the conventional market credit, etc. In terms of the way we’re managing the capital deployment, as you’ve seen, we’ve been in somewhat of a harvesting mode, because that’s what the market opportunity has provided. As we’ve talked about before, we’ve stayed very disciplined in terms of return characteristics.  As it relates to capital itself, as you know, the investments in funds are deductions from capital under the Basel III ratios. Now, there are transitional provisions, so for example under the transitional provisions, our Basel III capital ratio would be about 100 basis points higher than the 9.8, but I’ve been quoting you the fully loaded. That is the way I would think about it.
Harvey Schwartz: I would think about it no differently than we’ve approached it in the past, which is there will be cycles when reinvestment opportunities for us and our clients seem more attractive, and there will be parts of the cycle where harvesting is more attractive. We happen to be slightly more in a harvesting cycle. But recently, actually, we’ve seen some good investment opportunities. They tend to be a bit more geographically based, given some of the geographic differences and stress around the world. But that’s no different in terms of philosophy and I think the way to think about how we operate the business.
Harvey Schwartz: Again, too early to tell in terms of how we’ll incorporate it as an operating metric. But at this stage, based on what we know - again, I want to be really careful about the caveats here, because this is an evolving rule - a couple of things. One, based on what we know about the rule, something that we’ll be able to incorporate again into this toolkit. And separately, remember again, of course, it’s effective in 2018. So in terms of capital planning, given we’re at 5% and 6%, again under the proposal, it could change. Right now, I see it as something that we’ll digest into our processes no differently than other rules have.
Harvey Schwartz: That’s a good question. So, Basel III, again, fully loaded, was 9.8. Standardized is approximately 9.1. So lower than obviously the advanced. And again, referring to the transitional provisions, I’m giving you fully loaded, as though we’re standing many years out into the future. They’re both about 100 basis points higher with the provisions.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, as I said before, I think from a client activity perspective, when we look at all those metrics, all that looks quite positive. So I don’t think that was an impact at all. Liquidity is always a factor in markets, where you’re in the summer, there’s a fair bit of uncertainty. I wouldn’t overweight it. Again, the shift from the second quarter to the third quarter, we just didn’t execute as well as we would have liked to. 
Harvey Schwartz: Well, certainly a relief. We’ll see how people digest what the events look like coming into the first quarter. But certainly to the extent to which our clients, which are evaluating transactions, whether it’s mergers, debt-equity activity, institutional clients…  You know, one good thing about the crisis is it’s made everybody focus on [tail] risk. And even though, as we came into the debt ceiling negotiations, while I think you could have argued maybe the tail risk was maybe quite low, the world and all of our clients are very respective of tail risk. It’s much easier to do nothing than it is to do something. S o in the short term, got to think having this removed from the marketplace is quite good. The longer term solutions, sort of the continued path back to normalcy, if you will, which I think we’ve been marching along pretty steadily, but it’s been kind of a two or three steps forward, one step back, I think getting to a point where we’re just in a comfortable stride as a global economy, the long term’s quite important, obviously. 
Harvey Schwartz: There have always been very high requirements to utilize the balance sheet for multiyear capital commitments. And those would be more than enough to be beyond the [unintelligible] of specific capital requirements. So that’s not a concern. So that’s a factor that I’m not worried about. As I said, what we’re really seeing is more of the cyclical back and forth. But you know, in some respects, and we’ve talked about this before, you either get good new investing opportunities or you get the opportunity to deploy the capital into other businesses, or you can return the capital.
Harvey Schwartz: I would maybe add to your question a little bit. So, the commodity environment has been a little bit difficult. Low volatility and obviously impacted by the macro backdrop. But just to specifically get to your question, the commodity business for us, as you know, we’ve been in the business for 30-plus years. It’s been a central business for our clients.  The nature of the activity is we’re on the phone with CEOs, CFOs, treasurers. The nature of the business itself, in terms of their objectives, is no different than it would be, for example, for a retailer. It’s about hedging, it’s about managing revenue, it’s about financing activities, timing of cash flows. For example, it’s very akin to receivables financing for a retailer, or managing their expense base for a consumer of commodities.  Those are all normal corporate treasury functions that we perform now with clients for 30 years. And we’ll see what happens in the regulatory discussion. It’s an important discussion, but it’s not distracting us from the focus on our clients. 
Harvey Schwartz: Again, you had the July and August normal seasonal slowdown, and then of course you had a pickup in September. But activity from the client base was picking up pretty much really broadly in the early part of September, but then of course people got very focused on the government debate. So there really wasn’t a chance for people to shift into what I’ll call a mode where they had more conviction. It was still an environment of uncertainty. But I guess if I had to really sort of slice it for you, I’d say certainly there was a seasonal pickup after August, with kind of this backdrop of uncertainty, which fortunately, at least for a while, is behind us this morning.
Harvey Schwartz: We were, as you know, big supporters of clearing. And I’ll give the market and the regulators really high marks on our clients. A huge amount of work went in by all participants, as you noted, to get clearing off. It was really uneventful, as it should have been, and I think the three stages of client introduction to clearing were quite thoughtful.  As you pointed out, with kind of the launch of SEF, it was harder. There’s a lot of infrastructure, and it’s complicated for clients, various rule sets. And so it’s going to take a lot of work, from everyone in the industry, regulators, SEF operators, market participants like Goldman Sachs, all of our clients, who have a deep, vested interest in getting this right, to be active in that dialog between now and the spring to really work out all of the issues.  I don’t think you can read too much into the October launch of Swap Execution Facilities other than there’s a lot of work to do. And I think the regulators were quite thoughtful in pushing out some of the decisions to November 1. Then of course we had the government shutdown, so they haven’t been there to focus on it. But we’re going to all have to pay a lot of attention to this. I don’t think we can, as market participants - and when I say “we” I don’t mean Goldman Sachs, I mean all of us - we can’t afford to have a total mess.  I don’t think that’s an option that we should all accept. If it takes longer to get it in place, just like it took longer to get clearing in place, that’s what we should do. It’s just too important for our clients and for the industry. So it will be a big focus over the next couple of months. But there is a lot of work to do. 
Harvey Schwartz: With respect to returns, this is what I would say. Strategically, the way we’re managing the firm is, as we’ve talked about, it’s for the long run. So it’s for the long run positioning. Now, having said that, we’re very sensitive to components of the cycle. And as you point out, this has been a slightly longer cycle.  So the simplified Cliff’s Notes version of strategy for the firm over the past several years has been 1) extreme focus on the clients globally, 2) to make sure that while maintaining that focus that we’re also managing the cost base, which is why a couple of years ago we announced the multiple series of cost reductions which brought it down roughly $2 billion, and then, along with that, a whole host of efficiency efforts. That’s all been designed to create operating leverage.  And so we feel like we’re really really well-positioned from an operating leverage perspective. We just need to move back to a market environment that, as I said earlier, is not two or three steps forward, one step back, because that’s really what our clients will need to feel a sense of conviction. And then you get back to more of a run rate. Now, the rule uncertainty is still pretty significant. And as we digest the rules, we’ll certainly be evaluating them in the context of an overall ROE target. What I would say, because I don’t want you to get off the call without this message, things that are going to be on the balance sheets for multiple years, we are still just as disappointed as we always have been. There’s no change to those return hurdles. And we’re exquisitely focused on that. 
Harvey Schwartz: There’s ins and outs, as you pointed out, year over year. Last year, of course, we facilitated the Knight transaction, which was obviously a component of revenues last year. And so there’s back and forth, sort of ins and outs. I think when you sum it all up, really what you do is you get to a number that’s more flat.
Harvey Schwartz: On noncomp, as I said, a big part of the strategy, particularly in this environment, which is very news sensitive from a client activity level, we’re staying very vigilant on noncomp. And just as we have in the past, you obviously would have seen in the earnings release we accrued $142 million for litigation reserve this quarter, $149 million last quarter. We’re evaluating all the normal inputs we would with respect to litigation expense and reserving it quarterly.
Harvey Schwartz: We’ll get to compensation in the fourth quarter when we get to it. I more or less went through all the components of how we thought about compensation philosophically, which is no change. So it’s our best estimate, but it also reflects the fact that on a year to date revenue basis, we’re running $500 million ahead. 
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah, no, I think it’s our lowest accrual for nine months. But it reflects, as it always has, the collection of businesses across the firm. And I won’t bore everybody with all the other components in terms of our processes, but again, it’s our best estimate.
Harvey Schwartz: There are certain large transactions, obviously, where we were on one side of a transaction versus others. But that’s going to be in the normal mix of business. And so some quarters we’ll be a big, dominant participant, and other quarters [unintelligible]. But over the cycle, as you know, you’ll see us be involved in most of the significant transactions.
Harvey Schwartz: We’re just following the rules as we understand them. There’s no difference in terms of different alternatives. But we’re happy to discuss it with you more offline.
Harvey Schwartz: Sorry, the CEM approach. Earnings [unintelligible] methodology, for anyone on the call who’s not familiar with the shorthand.  :
Harvey Schwartz: So we haven’t disclosed any specifics around risk-weighted assets or capital associated with physical commodities. The business for us, overly simplified, really splits into two parts. One, there’s investments that we own. And then there’s the franchise, which I talked a bit more about in an earlier question.  As it relates to investments that we own, they’re on a normal lifecycle where we would intend to hold them for years. As it relates to the commodities franchise, the extent to which we’re involved in the physical business is the extent to which our clients need us to be involved in the physical business because in commodities, which is a bit different from other businesses, obviously, they need to, many times, receive delivery. And so we could be arranged in that.  Very often, though, under those types of transactions, we are not the holder of title, or may be the holder of title. But it’s important from the standpoint of being able to fulfill those earlier requirements that clients have, hedging, financing, etc. But that’s how I would, very high level, split out the way the physical aspect of our business is part of our strategy, if you will. 
Harvey Schwartz: Well, it’s important to our clients, so by extension it’s important to us. Now, we have a long, long investment in the commodity business, and we have, at this stage, no intention of selling our business. We’re very committed to our clients here. And so we’ll just work with the regulators. But ultimately the regulators will come to their own opinion about the business.
Harvey Schwartz: No, we don’t size it, but it’s a pretty significant move up, as I said. I’ll give you a little bit of color. It’s more significant in equity underwriting and in the advisory side of the business.
Harvey Schwartz: It’s just a quarter, Mike. And those factors, obviously, the marketplace has to do with a lot of those factors too, which is why I say we’re not happy with it. But it’s a quarter. We have a very strong FICC franchise, and that’s why I highlighted earlier we react to these things and we’re very data-focused, but when we look into, for example, all the indicators of client activity, it’s just a quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: No, not that we can see. For example, look at the second quarter and the first quarter. There was no rule implementation or change in management in terms of the way we think about ratios or the proposed supplementary leverage ratio that would have affected the way we run the business - and this is a really important strategic takeaway - on July 1, and the way we’d run it on June 30. Just not a great quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: Not beyond what I covered in my opening comments. I highlighted currencies. I think it’s a good example of where we had some challenges. You know, look, year over year I think we have a bigger mortgage business than some other folks, and so you’ll recall last year we were coming into the environment of QE, and so appetite from clients was significantly greater in mortgages. But I more or less covered it in my prepared remarks. 
Harvey Schwartz: In terms of those assets, this is a bit of just the result of our strategy, and I want to sound old-fashioned on this, because there’s nothing new here. This is just continued focus on performance. And the fixed income team has done a good job in performance. In terms of flows and broadly speaking where they came from, the flows were diversified. Institutional also from our private wealth franchise, which has had a long, long record now, multiquarter record, of inflows. But really it’s kind of old-fashioned. Nothing new, just performance.
Harvey Schwartz: It’s a mix. But quite frankly I don’t have that detail with me. I’d be happy to have Dane and Heather follow up with you afterwards. But my recollection is it’s a mix.
Harvey Schwartz: If you look at the last two quarters, you’ll see second quarter I think we averaged 180, and then we finished at 183, so there was liquidity building up towards the end of the quarter. In a quiet market environment, you’ll see us generally - not always, of course, but generally - build liquidity. And so you’ll see that the average for the quarter was even higher than the endpoint of June. The average was 187. There were just individual one-off things that utilized liquidity at the end of the quarter as part of our franchise.
Harvey Schwartz: It was more due to volatility over the quarter. If you look, for example, in currencies, the decline was, as I mentioned earlier, more related to positions. Same with most of the other businesses. Rates was a little bit the other way, but not much.
Harvey Schwartz: I wouldn’t want to draw a lot of distinctions between the two proposals. There are certain things that the industry broadly, and obviously you can check, we submitted a letter. I would say collateral for one, the treatment of collateral. I think at the highest level, we like metrics, and I think a leverage ratio can play a valuable role in a suite of metrics. I just think, like all metrics collectively, whether it’s the U.S. rule or the Basel III proposal, I think we all, as market participants, always need to be focused on any unintended consequences.  So the things that we’re most focused on are things like liquidity pools and how they’re incorporated into metrics. Because we just generally don’t think people should be incented to hold liquidity at the regulatory minimums. And that might not happen tomorrow, but these rules will be in place for a very, very long time, and so we need to incorporate them that way. But as I said, collateral will be one thing that we would be focused on on the Basel III. 
Harvey Schwartz: It’s very early to be thinking about responding to these. So, again, let’s start high-level. So, getting gross notional down, it’s a good thing. It’s clean living. Gross notionals certainly can create risk, but not risk in the sense of the way that we think about market risk, and I’m not talking about the market risk in an RWA sense. I’m talking about risk in the marketplace. I think that the focus on gross notionals is an important one, but I think, again, this is difficult, but I think what you would see the industry do is get very focused on collapsing gross notionals. To date, when the industry comes together to focus on gross notionals, obviously everyone’s focused on the economics. I think you could see people be more open to the economic cost of shrinking gross notionals. But all this is included in our letter.
Harvey Schwartz: I think it’s a little complicated to compare, in an individual quarter, if we’re down a certain percentage and our competitors are down a certain perspective and really take a lot of information away from that. Now, obviously it’s important, but I think trying to draw conclusions on the math is harder, so I don’t know that I can give you any more information as we talked about. I think to sum it up we had a tougher quarter. By the way, we will have quarters where we will have outperformance, and we will have tough quarters. This will be a tough one.
Harvey Schwartz: As you would perfectly understand, I’m not going to get into the details about specific positions. But as I said, you can see it in the VAR profile, the derisking, but I can’t give you any more color than that.
Harvey Schwartz: I think you’re misunderstanding my message at this point. There are no core positions that are something that are a significant concern. It sounded like that’s what you’re asking. I won’t talk about how we manage the risk.
Harvey Schwartz: It’s a great question. As you know, the dialog around M&A activity and financing activity, but M&A activity in particular, it’s a very very long lifecycle dialog. And if we had one of our merger bankers in the room, very often, in a particular transaction, not just a client, but the particular transaction could be under discussion for multiple years. In an environment with very high uncertainty, which is a low-conviction environment, obviously, then transactions tend to get delayed.  So it’s not one of these things that turns on or off like a light switch. So nobody blows the all clear whistle. But I would say there’s certainly a desire in the corporate base to produce growth, and when they see strong underlying synergies, people will take action, but they need a backdrop in which they feel comfortable executing. And as I said, the trend in terms of the backdrop, regardless of the fact that this quarter there might have been a step back in terms of confidence and an increase in uncertainty, the trend is positive. But this is a multiyear phenomenon, obviously. 
Harvey Schwartz: Well, the focus has been very intense for several years. But as I said before, it’s a bit old-fashioned. The primary focus is performance, and with performance we know we will build assets. We’ll look, from time to time, at acquisitions, if we think they make strategic sense and it fits our business, and it’s additive to our clients and to our performance. But as I said, we’re very pleased with the results in the growth, but we’re relying on something that’s a little bit old-fashioned. 
Harvey Schwartz: You’ll recall at the end of the second quarter obviously we got the finalized rule. One of the things about that rule, obviously, is there’s the financial institutions deduction. What you’re really seeing is a reduction in a component of that risk, which isn’t a deduction from capital, as you know. And we’ve talked about this before. The fact that our teams have both the tools and the ability to manage the balance sheets, what you’re seeing now that we’ve seen the finalized rule is you’re seeing them take actions that affect the ratio. So, for example, selling certain cash assets. 
Harvey Schwartz: No. You’re bringing up the subtlety of the significant versus the nonsignificant. And for anyone else on the call who’s less fluent in this minutiae, I’m happy to set up some follow up time with Dane and the team. The significant deductions obviously they will come with harvesting over time. Because we’re in the funds with our clients.
Harvey Schwartz: What I was referring to in the opening remarks, obviously, is public market equities versus private equities. And we’re very rigorous, as you know, in our mark-to-market policies. So we incorporate all variables. I’ll list a few. Obviously specific performance of the asset, which we have visibility into, and the market environment and pending events. So if, for example, we think an asset is going to go public in the next quarter, potentially, that’s the strategic plan for the enterprise, or a subsequent quarter, if that’s there, then we’ll have other valuation techniques, which we’re in receipt of, obviously. But it’s a very rigorous process, as you know.   
Harvey Schwartz: Well, it’s all fair value, right? So I think if you’re asking about specific monetizations, no, I haven’t delineated that. But we’re marking the balance sheet every day, as [unintelligible] is realized.
Harvey Schwartz: So again, just from a risk management perspective, we’ve always been very engaged in trying to reduce gross notionals. As I said, it’s just a good way to run the business. Now, because of the developing rule sets, the whole marketplace is more engaged, and we’re very engaged. And that’s not to imply people weren’t as engaged as we are.  The nuance I was trying to explain earlier was that people historically, over many, many years, everyone likes to reduce gross notionals, but sometimes couldn’t agree on cost. Now, there’s just a greater forcing function, so there’s more of a tailwind to everybody reducing gross notionals.  Now, again, this is a little bit of the process of, I think, how we certainly - I suspect the rest of the industry - the leverage ratio, what it encourages you to do is to basically rank the exposures basically from a return on asset perspective, start with low ones, and mitigate from there. And this would be high on the list for the whole industry, I assume. 
Harvey Schwartz: That’s a correct assessment, but it’s just started. We just started, and the industry just started, so it’s early going. But the answer is yes.
Harvey Schwartz: Again, no change in philosophy. I want to be really clear with everyone. It’s our best estimate. It reflects the collective contribution of all businesses, certainly not an individual business segment. And we have reduced before in the third quarter. So it’s not completely out of sync would have what we’ve done historically, but it does reflect all these things I talked about earlier, the fact that we’re running $500 million ahead, we have more visibility into year-end - which is another way of saying best estimate. We have more visibility into year-end, and of course the cost reduction efforts give us flexibility.
Harvey Schwartz: I have, as you know, zero visibility. You’d have a lot more visibility in your engagement with our competitors than I would. Not to wax on and make the call long, but I remember the first day I showed up at Goldman Sachs. One of the first things I was taught and mentored was that compensation was first and foremost how the firm did, then how your division did, then how your business unit did, and then how you did as an individual.  We haven’t changed any of that. If anything, we’re protective of that cultural mantra, and I hope that every new summer hire that we brought in this year, I hope they got the same lecture I had back then. So, again, it’s the same culture, and you’re just seeing it based on performance. And when I say performance, everything: the year to date run rate being ahead in revenues, and also all the multiyear efficiency efforts we’ve built in. 
Harvey Schwartz: Okay, that’s a big question. So, in terms of fixed income, we don’t really try and predict what happens in terms of the market reaction. And what I mean by predict, I mean over a multiyear period - and let’s just say we go into a period of rising interest rates - a lot of what will determine the size of the market for fixed income - when I say that, I mean the activity levels for us and all of our competitors - won’t be the absolute level of rates, it will be the backup of the environment. And so, again, an environment where it isn’t so news-sensitive, and clients were high conviction, low conviction, and very nervous, is a much better environment for our clients, which, by the way, translates generally to better volumes in the marketplace and better liquidity for everyone. The best case history is really the equity business, which as you know went through a massive transformation from the late 90s to today, as an industry, and yet revenues continued to grow. So our responsibility to our clients and in running the business is how we adapt.  So in the past we’ve been good adapters, and we just have to continue to adapt. But the cornerstone of adapting will be the interface with the clients and making sure that we deliver to them. As we’ve done in the past, we just need to continue doing it. But the changing interest rate environment, that will determine strategy over a multiyear period.  As it relates to returns, look, we strive every day to ensure that we have the highest absolute returns while managing the firm conservatively. And we really want to make sure we have the highest relative returns. For us, this has been a good relative return environment. We’d love to see better absolute returns, but it’s been a pretty strong relative environment.
Harvey Schwartz: What’s critical about certain changes, or whether or not they change what clients need first, and then how it impacts market structure. I don’t see anything in a rising rate environment that changes market structure. What will change is how clients view the marketplace. Again, if it’s a high confidence, we’re back to more certain economic growth, several years from now, and interest rates are higher, that could be a very positive environment for fixed income investors. But it might not be. All I know is we’ll have to adapt and make sure we respond to it better than our competitors.
Harvey Schwartz: I think it’s too early to see that. Obviously earlier in the year and continuing we’ve seen some pullback from some competitors. I think that’s a multiyear phenomenon as it relates to to impact of regulation. And so we’ll see that again over time. That will be a big part about this operating flexibility that I was talking about earlier.  The real differentiating characteristics firm by firm - and we all will live with the same rules, we’ll have all the same resources - is which firm can better deliver to their clients and which firm can better adapt. And I’ve talked about this a lot. Adapting too early can be a mistake, and adapting too late can be a mistake, and so we’ll be watching it very, very closely and doing everything we can to deliver to our clients. 
Harvey Schwartz: It’s been a while now, but obviously I grew up in that business, and I co-headed it before my current responsibilities. I think what clients did is just normal client risk management. Maybe a little different than what you would have seen pre-crisis, because people are just very, very sensitive to potential tail risk. Quite frankly I think it’s a good thing for the marketplace, not a bad thing. But no, I think all the behavior was very predictable.
Harvey Schwartz: I just want to thank you for joining today. Look forward to seeing all of you in the upcoming months. And again, if you have any follow up questions, please reach out to Dane, Heather, and the team. And otherwise, see you in January. Thanks again.
Kian Abouhossein - JPMorgan: Starting with leverage, I’m more interested in the Basel III proposal leverage, and I was wondering if you could give us also some indication how your leverage ratio would look like under the Basel III proposal which came out recently. 
Kian Abouhossein - JPMorgan: And credit derivative notional hedging, is that something where you feel quite comfortable with the Basel III guidelines and the proposal that you could meet a lot of [netting], or do you think that’s something that you would have to change the way you hedge your positions in order to justify the netting under the proposal. 
Kian Abouhossein - JPMorgan: Moving towards the results, just I wanted to come back to FICC. If I look at the percentage decline that some of your peers have shown so far in this quarter, and as I even make an adjustment additionally considering you may be slightly more impacted due to your being more over credit [unintelligible], I calculate that the potential inventory FX impact could be around $500 million in terms of impacting your results. I’m just trying to understand the material decline here in your FICC results, and I’m just wondering if there’s something that I’m doing incorrectly, looking at it from this perspective of looking at [peer seasonality] giving you slightly more of a decline due to your mix, and then assuming the rest is FX inventory related.
Kian Abouhossein - JPMorgan: But why would you have FX inventory in the first place, a very liquid market. I understand you run your FX with your EM business together. Just trying to understand what are the positions that would hold inventory on behalf of clients.
Kian Abouhossein - JPMorgan: Yes, that’s what I’m more interested in, if you still have some notional on the books, or you actually sold the notional.  
