Marty Chavez: Well, Glenn, so let’s go through the lending part of the I&L portfolio. There is, as we said, $61.5 billion of loans receivables held for investment, and that figure increased $7.5 billion on the quarter. And so, looking into the components of that increase, I would say $1 billion of that is related to increased lending in our private wealth management business, and then $5 billion of it as a broad category, we will call it corporate and relationship, and that includes project financing, financing for asset managers, relationship lending, mortgage warehousing. When we think about the net interest income and are investing in lending line; that has grown significantly over time, and we see it as a stable and growing revenue source.
Marty Chavez: So, based on regulatory constraints, as you know from the CCAR results, we do not have significant access today, and CCAR has been our binding constraint. Well, as you know, the test evolves. And so, we don’t know how the test will evolve. But, based on our own assessment of risk, we have significant access, and that gives us the capacity to support the clients. And so, we will continue with the approach that we’ve always had, which is for these capital decisions to remain dynamic with the top priority being -- having strong capital and liquidity to support the clients and to support our growth. You’ve gotten used to the return and we have as well, and we have been through a period of retuning capital, implementing the regulations, all good for systemic safety and soundness. But, we have pivoted to growth. And based on the opportunities that we’ve been outlining to the market, we would certainly prefer deploying our capital resources to support these 30% and ahead of 30% marginal ROEs, we prefer that to buying back our shares.
Marty Chavez: Sure. So, the Genesis is similar in the businesses that we’ve been doing for a considerable period of time in our investment management business. And so, the loans fit within all of our risk parameters and we saw an opportunity for accretive returns, plugging it into our platform and our control and saw the opportunities as to grow it by plugging it into our platform.
Marty Chavez: So, as I mentioned, Mike, the backlog is down sequentially and down year-to-date, and that’s just natural side effect of the strong closings that we had in the third quarter; some of those deals had actually been in the backlog for a couple of quarters. And so, I won’t distinguish the formal backlog from the pipeline. The pipeline, as you noted in equity underwriting is strong also in our conversations with clients on the advisory side. There’s no sense of slowdown. We’re seeing a pickup in client dialogue, particularly I would note in technology, media, telecom, as well as industrials and natural resources. And so, it’s strong for all of the reasons that you would expect that CEOs are confident, equity market support valuations and acquisition currencies, the financing markets are open, the overall levels of financing costs are relatively low by historical standards. That’s all constructive on tax reform which you also mentioned, that is certainly a part of our engagement with clients. And I will also note however that clients, it seems to us, have moved towards saying, well, tax reform would be a good thing but it’s not stopping us from considering strategic acquisitions and sales right now.
Marty Chavez: Sure, I’ll go through all of them. First, I would start by saying that it’s our view that the MiFID II impact will mean that it’s critically important to have not only differentiated content but also scale and a global reach, all of which we have in our businesses. And so, just going through the various aspects of it, as you know it’s a significant effort and there is a big bank’s go-live date in early January. On the execution side and staying close to our clients, understanding the liquidity provision, execution capabilities that they need and designing them, we have the software, we have the people, and so we are working on all of that and that is progressing. On the research side, again, it’s important to have that differentiated content and the breadth of research, and the conversations about the price discovery for the research product are progressing. And in our asset management business, we and several other asset managers have recently disclosed our intent to pay for research. There’s ongoing discussions we understand between the SEC and the European regulators that may lead to some form of release. So, we are following those closely. But to put it all together, again, the emphasis is -- MiFID II is going to make it even more important than it’s ever been, and it’s always been important to have scale and depth and breadth, and I wouldn’t trade our franchise with anyone else.
Marty Chavez: So, on the $5 billion of revenue targets, it’s important to emphasize again that they don’t depend on any improvement in the underlying market conditions or any change in regulation. Of that $5 billion opportunity that we are pursuing over the next three years, $2 billion of it -- $2 billion of the revenue opportunity annually relates to lending. And we called out in our discussions in September the various parts of that market, which we’ve talked about are private wealth management business, GS Select, institutional lending of various kinds. And internally, as you would expect, we’ve had growth initiatives since forever, and you’ve seen some of the results of those, whether it’s in asset management or in our debt underwriting business or growing our asset management business. And so, we have considerable experience and are putting time and energy into the frameworks, the tracking and the measurements of the milestones, and the resources that we are putting against those milestones. And we will of course give you regular updates as these opportunities materialize over the next three years.
Marty Chavez: Well, we definitely are taking that on and going back to what we described in September, there is a breakdown, various aspects of the revenue opportunity as well as balance sheet and capital against it. And so, we will absolutely be having a continuous dialogue with you on that as we progress.
Marty Chavez: So, Mike, we, like all of us in the industry, are noting the various treasury reports for instance, the recommendations. We’ve seen some progress against the recommendations of the first treasury report, for instance. To give just the couple of examples, the OCC has asked for a perspective on the Volcker rule. There has been some news from Basal committee on net stable funding ratio and there are few other examples as well. And so, we are seeing that. And certainly some of the U.S. regulators have been very specific in their discussions about simplifying some aspects of the rules and some others, the CFTC. And so, there is a sense that there is this movement in the topic. But, I would say that for us, absolutely these things are great, if and when they happen. They are not embedded in any of our plans. If and when they occur, they’d be a tailwind to our plans. And as you know, we take a broad and holistic approach to all of these things, not only by training our people but by building all of these regulatory processes into the way we do business. So for instance being able to do these simulations of our balance sheet and income statement and cash flows several months, 18 months into the future is an important part of how we make decisions and not really seeing it is something that we break out, specifically as a cost and as a cost that would be reduced but certainly I’m happy to say that our focus as just did beyond the implementing of the regulations, which is something we will always do as they arise to growth.
Marty Chavez: So, on the $5 billion of revenue opportunities, we describe for you the blended marginal margin of those opportunities. And there is a bit of a drag upfront, really relating to hiring to people. So, as we mentioned in September, our lateral hires are year-to-date up – they doubled from the same period last year and we broke out the kinds of professionals we’re hiring. And you see that coverage and distribution is the major focus of that. As we progress on the initiatives, perhaps there will be some modest upward pressure on the comp ratio but we wouldn’t see that being material in the context of the firm. And we also don’t see any significant charges for this growth.
Marty Chavez: So, on Marcus, we recently passed $1.7 billion in originations, and we’re on track to reach $2 billion, 10 weeks now, by the end of this year. Our focus is absolutely on prime borrowers. The FICO score realized is definitely above 700. These are small ticket items. And as we’ve said and this continues to be the case, this is organically growing business, we’re doing it slowly and deliberately. I’ll note that while we have and have had for a long time strong risk analytics, particularly credit risk analytics underlying the business, we’re not leading with underwriting in this business; we’re leading with a better product and service and digital experience for consumers, and that remains the focus. I would also add on the realized losses, they have been less than what was put into the plan. And we are well aware, as all of us are of where we are in the credit cycle. Even though Marcus is a new business for us, the people who are building and leading that business for us are industry veterans and consumer finance, and we’re plugging them in with our long track record of being thoughtful, prudent risk managers for both Marcus and credit risk. And we’ve also supplemented our teams with people who have consumer finance experience across the board from branding and marketing to the 360 degree customer view and of course to all of the control function. And we’re extending the risk culture we’ve always had into this business where we worry about everything and plan for all of the contingencies and don’t take it for granted, and especially remind ourselves every day we’re not leading with underwriting, we’re leading with a better product.
Marty Chavez: Yes, Betsy, I’m happy to mention that as well. So, the Fed’s non-objection to our plan had in the capital plan the option to raise the dividend by $0.05 per share in the second quarter of next year.
Marty Chavez: Sure. So, on the initiatives, we did highlight for you our $5 billion of required equity. I am happy to walk you through it. And again, as with all aspects of what we set out for you and for the market, it’s really -- it bottoms up looking at the activities where the businesses, where these activities are going to occur. So, roughly $2 billion of the $5 billion annual opportunity in three years is related to lending. And most of that balance sheet is in our Marcus, our institutional lending and private wealth management and GS Select businesses, and that totals $28 billion of balance sheet. And to get to the equity, we looked at the businesses that these activities are embedded in and we projected the RWA density out from those businesses. So, it was just that, and bottoms up again. On the FICC part of the activity, which is a $100 million of the annual opportunities that we identified and that we are pursuing, that one I would see in a bit of a different perspective; FICC capital is dynamic. We see actually considerable scope for the velocity of our FICC portfolio to increase. And so, it’s really portfolio-driven and dynamic, and don’t see considerable or specific equity component attributable to that.
Marty Chavez: I wouldn’t see the hires which we’ve been talking about and which as you noted are weighted towards sales distribution. I wouldn’t see them so much as MiFID-related. I am sure that’s in there; of course it’s in there but it’s not the driver. Really there, it’s the coverage gaps that we’ve been talking about. And we saw the opportunity and noted our ability to bring in the talent. So, of the hires, of the offers we’ve been making, the acceptance rate’s over 80%. And we’ve looked and we’ve talked about this in September in some detail, specifically in FICC, looking at all of the clients and noting the ones for whom they say we are a top 3 FICC provider and the ratio of the clients where were a top 3 FICC provider is in the neighborhood of the 30% for banks and asset managers and insurance companies, and this is considerably higher for some other segments. And so just closing those gaps is something that of course requires all the resources of the firm. But it’s a people business and so especially the people, and so that’s the main driver of the hiring.
Marty Chavez: Yes. So, on loan loss expectations, again on -- I’ll start with the Marcus example, its prime borrowers and that’s an important part of the strategy. And there, again, we imply our analytics. The Marcus business is a new one for us, loan level analytics are the old ones for us, particularly as they relate to securitizations of various kinds. And so we have that prudent and comprehensive approach to risk management and prudent reserving. So, the ALLL against that portfolio or something to get a careful scrutiny and attention from all of us and that will continue and that’s part of our process. And I also shared with you the realized losses are less than what we expected in our plan and that’s so far and that’s where we are in our business growth in our cycle. Let’s go to a different example, which is on our PWM business. These are high net worth individuals and it’s very different business. They are the highest quality borrowers and they are also -- the loans are significantly over-collateralized.
Marty Chavez: So, to start with, that’s one part of your question. So for commodities business, even though it was an improvement from the second quarter, which I’ll remember, was our worst commodities quarter in our history as a public company of 73 quarters. Now it’s 74 quarters as a public company, as I mentioned, the third quarter commodity performance was bottom decile of those 74 quarters. And it’s on track to have the worst full year performance since the IPO. I would like to step back for just a minute and just quickly go through the sequential drivers, the year-on-year drivers but like to give you the nine-month on nine-month view, a bigger time period as well, because there’s some informational content in that view that you don’t get if you’re just looking at -- if you’re just comparing quarters. And so, sequentially, yes, our FICC business improved and that’s obviously something that’s good to see. But, it is by no means aspirational. We know we can do better and we know we need to do better. So, it is an improvement. In the sequential comparison in FICC ICS, it’s really rates that drove the majority of that improvement. I’ll get to the other driver in a second. But it’s really the rates business. And there, particularly, in the latter part of the third quarter, there was better U.S. economic data, there were central bank actions, volumes increased, rates broke out of the 10-month trading range, curve flattened, lots of things happened. And so, rates is really the main driver. And the other driver is that the challenges and the inventory challenges we’ve described in commodities, and by the way, this is challenged on all fronts, not just inventory, but the inventory challenges were a little better in the third quarter than in the second quarter. And there’s also a connection to our bar number which declined a bit, $4 million sequentially and the drivers in the bar number going down were all continuing to decline across products but also reduced commodity positions. So, that’s the sequential story. The year-on-year story, as you know, four out the five FICC businesses were lower; mortgages was the only business that was up. And the year-on-year story is really two main factors, lower client activity across the FICC businesses, particularly in the macro businesses and then the inventory challenges in commodities. But, as I said at the outset, I think if we step back and look at the first nine months of this year in FICC and compare it to the first nine months of last year, you see something different that you couldn’t otherwise piece together, which is, if you look at the delta in FICC, half of that decline -- and so it’s 23% decline, nine months on nine months, half of it is attributable to commodities inventory; and of that amount, half of that occurred in the second quarter. And so, I think that just gives you the whole picture.
Marty Chavez: Sure. So, deposit gathering is an important part of our financing strategy. It’s continuing to diversify our sources of funding. Our Treasurer, Robin Vince gave quite allusive discussion of this in our Fixed Income Investor Call. We’re happy to say more about it. In the deposit gathering, note that of course as you know, we acquired an online savings account platform that had previously been a part of GE, and we’re gratified to see the growth in those deposits on really essentially no marketing of it. And so, in those deposits, even though there have been Fed reserve raising fund rates over the last several months, the experience in the online savings account has been that the rates gone from 105 basis points to very recently 130, which is near the top end. And so that tells you something, it’s an attracting funding source for us relative to the wholesale market. It also tells you something about realized beta that we’ve experienced so far.
Marty Chavez: I’m not going to get into the specifics on the flows. But I think, Heather, that’s a good one to get back on.
Marty Chavez: So, I will get to that but actually I’ve pulled out the growth in total deposit, this is not just the online savings account; it’s about $7 billion quarter on a quarter. But to get back to your question on SLR, so certainly, there has been a lot of discussion about how the SLR ratio might change. And as we said in the second quarter, if the various treasury recommendations on treatment of central bank cash, treasuries, initial margin at CCPs, if those all come into force, and we don’t have the details, but that’s a roughly 70 basis-point improvement on our SLR of the second quarter; I wouldn’t expect it would be much different from the third quarter. And so, to the extent those changes happen, it would very likely have a thinking differently more expansively about our prime brokerage and matchbook businesses. And then, I think this has been well-highlighted across the industry, if those changes were to come into effect, it would be equivalent of creating another SIFI in terms of SLR capacity for the various businesses that our SLR intensive. So, these are all potentially tailwinds. And as you know, we and many others welcome the initiatives and the detail of the first and second treasury reports that there -- the potential tailwinds, they are not baked into our $5 billion annual revenue plan.
Marty Chavez: I would love to know the answer to that question. CCAR is as you know continuously evolving process. I suppose one way of looking at it would be -- the perfect result would for all of the constraints in CCAR, Tier 1, SLR on and on, all of them to be exactly binding by exactly the same amount; that would be a perfect optimization. But of course, it’s evolving and we don’t know exactly how it’s going to play out. As you know, there was a white paper and governor to rule out just before its departure outlined a variety of proposals and we’ve read them closely, I’m sure you have as well. And we considered the proposal to be thoughtful but many of the important things still remain to be seen and they would have to be in an upcoming notice of proposed rule-making, and that’s when we will get the insight on your question.
Marty Chavez: Sure. So, let me start with the first part of your question. Yes, as you noted, we have grown assets under supervision by $50 billion. About half of that was market appreciation. And then looking into the other half; that was again almost evenly split between gathering long-term assets, mostly fixed income and then, also an increase in assets in our liquidity products. And so, on the effective fee, the effective fee actually has been stable sequentially. And so, really the answer to your question is, it’s in the other part of management and other fees; there’s some puts and takes that were slight offsets when you do the quarter on quarter comparison. Going to the second part of your question on the investment management opportunities that we outlined, which was as we said a $1 billion annual revenue opportunity. Look at that in three parts and the three parts are roughly balanced. But the key to all three parts is what has been the key to that business and the successful asset gathering over the long haul that you’ve seen, which is that it’s broad and it’s deep across asset classes as well as different products and distribution channels, retail and institutional. And so, to go back to the breakout of the $1 billion in annual revenue growth, splitting it into the three parts, I’ll start with GSAM. So, there, it’s growing our alternatives platform, advisory and insurance, EPS and liquidity products. On PWM we’re hiring advisors, investing in the platform including digital experiences, adding products and services there. And the third part is Ayco, it’s our corporate executives counseling business. And there, we absolutely see opportunities in incoming from our clients on expanding those financial planning services, in two ways. First to more of the people inside the companies that we’re already working with; and then in addition to more companies. So really stepping back, it’s the franchise which is unique in the case of investment management. It’s broad product portfolios, there’s room to grow across the board, and it’s diversified and hence the opportunity set.
Marty Chavez: Sure, right. So, also in the third quarter, as the GSIB buffer, we’re again in that 3% range and it’s something that we look at every day and work with divisional leaders as we see opportunities to have a strong balance sheet and capital and deploy it and invest in our business and long-term growth. We can do both. We can both grow the business and return capital. But at the margins, I would say growth is more valuable. And as for where as you know, the GSIB print at the end of this quarter is an important one, and I can’t predict where it’s going to end up in this quarter.
Marty Chavez: Sure. So, we highlighted for you in the growth initiatives on annual revenue opportunity of $500 million related to PWM and GS Select together. On GS Select, this is something that we’re all excited about and focused on, which is to again, and you’ll detect this theme in other places, lead with an all digital straight thorough offering. It is extremely early days in that business, and we’re very pleased with the Fidelity announcement that you noted. They saw the innovation in the platform and the opportunities just have a great service. As you know its loans of upto $25 million and is significantly over collateralized, and it’s interesting opportunity. It’s too early to give you progress but it is a part of the initiatives that we outlined, which right now we are aggregating under PWM -- PWM and GS Select together, $500 million revenue opportunity, $11 billion of balance sheet over three years and the implied the yield is evident from that.
Marty Chavez: Sure. So, I would say that the most important thing to think about for us and we believe for our shareholders is the operating leverage and comp ratio obviously a part of that. You will notice the first half 2:1 ratio between the revenue growth and the expense growth and you’ll also see that ratio in our nine-month results versus nine months of the last year. As revenues grow, I would not expect that ratio to be linear, and we would see even more operating leverage. In the competitive dynamics, as we mentioned and this is continuing, lateral hiring is up significantly, it’s doubled from last year. And we are continuously happy to see, but no way take it for granted that we are very successful and attracting the talent.
Marty Chavez: Sure. So, we think about volatility a lot and we think at least as much, maybe more about the level of client activity, which is very important for us. And so, looking at the Fed’s announcement, so that has been extremely thoughtful and transparent in its communication, and we would expect that to continue. It’s just part of how the fed operates. We don’t of course know exactly what’s going to happen, and we don’t make predictions. So, we do create lot’s and lot’s of contingency plans and so looking at what the Fed has said, as you know they’ve been very specific, they’ve given us $10 billion a month and then that’s going to increase every three months by $10 billion, and so it gets to $50 billion and letting assets roll off that redemption from their balance sheet and they’ve given us the mix between treasuries and agencies. They said it’s going to -- they expect that mix to be stable with some variations, just depending on the maturities and their balance sheet. So really, you can’t get much more specific and communicative than that. And also just note that there’s a positive backdrop, so the U.S. economy is performing, there’s improving GDP growth depending on who you talk to, the U.S. is at or perhaps even beyond full employment. And at the same time, all of this unwinding quantitative easing is unprecedented territory, never happened before. So, you could see volatility and spikes showing up in this process, simply because it’s never happened before. We don’t see duly unwind risk priced into the markets. You could imagine of all spikes that that client confidence make market making difficult, you could also imagine a positive scenario with modest fall, more conviction, more activity, all of these things could be catalysts for the FICC business, rising inflation, any changes in central bank policies against the expected trajectory, clarity on U.S. policies of all kinds, tax, obviously regulation, also infrastructure, all of these things you could see as better catalysts. The important thing to note and pause on is that the Fed has been clear that the economic backdrop is good and that’s generally good for business.
Marty Chavez: So, all we know for now is that a $0.05 increase -- the option to increase by $0.05 is embedded in our capital plan, which is what the Fed has approved. And as for the dividend payout ratio, it’s been around 15% for a while, and I’m not going to predict what it will be in the future. Just that $0.05 is all we know for now, we continue to emphasize buyback, as you know, but really as we said, a month ago and so important for us, we would always prefer to execute on these 30% plus marginal ROE opportunities compared to buying back our shares.
Marty Chavez: Well, you definitely noticed those offsetting effects and we did too obviously. I would say in that area of our business, we’re fiduciaries. And so, we see it as in the interest of our clients to harvest these investments and the asset price levels in the market are supportive. So, it’s a good time. That portfolio as you know while we report on the results quarterly, we think of it over much, much longer time horizon than quarterly.
Marty Chavez: So, yes, revenues sequentially are up, year-on-year are up and year-to-date importantly are up 8%, which is significant. As for the comp ratio, of course we -- it’s an important part of our business and we put a lot of time and energy into considering it and setting it appropriately. And the 40% that we took it to, so 40% for the nine months, year-to-date is as we mentioned the 100 basis points lower than last year and at this point it’s the best estimate we have.
Marty Chavez: Of course that trend is there, I would just say go back to the commitment to operating leverage, something we think about everyday of the many things we think about every day. But really, I can’t say more about where we are going to end up this year other than it’s the best estimate, taking in all the information that we have right now.
Marty Chavez: Not -- nothing too surprising, right? There were some things that the Fed said they would over a two-year period, and that’s what happened. There really wasn’t any big -- any surprises of note, it’s just the different starting points.
Marty Chavez: Thank you for calling in, and look forward to meeting with many of you over the balance of the quarter. If you have any additional questions, please contact Heather, and for those of you who were not able connect with, enjoy the upcoming holiday season, and thank you.
