Harvey Schwartz: So obviously 42 at this stage is our best estimate, but incorporated in that is all the steps that we’re taking. So as I communicated, year-to-date the cost efforts themselves on a run rate basis translate into $700 million of run rate savings. Now, after severance that number is going to be more like 350 this year, but obviously we’re staying very focused on this and I think you see that performance has been down, and with that compensation and benefits expenses down 28% year-to-date.
Harvey Schwartz: The way I would think about it is it’s in 2016, and it gives us operating flexibility. But that’s executed - the $700 million is done. Again, that’s run rate, severance costs and other things.
Harvey Schwartz: So when you look at the backlog, I think one way to look at it is the year-over-year, so if you’re actually standing here at the end of June last year, obviously the second quarter and first half of last year were very dynamic. If you look at the backlog in aggregate, it’s sort of down mid-single digits, and so that’s the trajectory of the backlog. I don’t think it’s surprising coming off of high levels - it is where it is. Obviously our market shares have been very significant. In terms of Brexit, where we sit today, given I think that the base case expectation is that the dynamic is going to play out over a long period of time, and in some respects it may contribute to some of the same factors that contributed to a very active M&A environment, other than maybe very specific transactions that are geographic in nature, that are really driven by geography, which is generally few, when we talk to our bankers, if we continue in this low growth environment, they don’t feel sitting here today that Brexit is going to be a headwind but obviously it’s going to be a dynamic situation.
Harvey Schwartz: No, it’s not the case necessarily that we have significantly more expenses denominated in sterling. There’s a whole host of processes through which we go through in terms of how employees elect to get compensated, et cetera, so that’s an issue obviously we monitor very closely in terms of our foreign currency risk broadly across the globe, managing a global business, but I wouldn’t point to that as a significant consideration, although it’s a consideration of the many things we look at.  In terms of Brexit, the way I would frame it for you is I’d say there’s sort of the near-term observations I can give you and then sort of a longer term perspective. The near-term ones would be just sort of going through the process. Now, obviously we were preparing for Brexit well in advance, even though we all expected it to be a very, very unlikely outcome, but we were significantly prepared for that and that really left us in a position, we feel, to be very front footed with clients. Going into Brexit, client activity tapered off, but at the point of Brexit and potentially thereafter in a number of our businesses, we either near-peak volumes or peak volumes, or new peaks, so that was quite good to see. In terms of the longer term perspective on Brexit, as I said before, this looks like this process is going to take a while, and we’re hopeful, along with everyone else, that the parties that are engaged in these negotiations will be prudent and thoughtful because obviously it’s good for all of us, a thoughtful negotiation and outcome will just be good for economic growth. As it relates to our business, we’ve been in Europe and the U.K. for a very long period of time, and we’re completed committed to our clients in the region, and regardless of how these negotiations go, we’re going to make sure that we’re there for them. That would be my broad comment on Brexit.
Harvey Schwartz: So one of the drivers in this quarter, as I referenced, was an asset-backed related activity, and there was one significant transaction where earlier on, we had committed capital to purchase a portfolio, which ultimately translated through in the debt underwriting line that would not be included in a lead table, so it’d be difficult for you to see.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, so you’re right - I would summarize it because I think you framed it well. It’s a bit of a balance, and so at this stage we’re at 2.5 on the surcharge. Obviously we’re very focused on reducing our systemic footprint. We believe that and all firms obviously should make that a priority; but you’re right to say that as the competitive environment is shifting and a number of our competitors have stated restructuring plans, we want to make sure that in all of our efforts, whether it’s managing our capital, that we’re focused on costs, that we remain full service across all of our businesses and we’re there for our clients. We believe at this stage we’ve found that balance, and for shareholders it gives them a lot of operating leverage.
Harvey Schwartz: Okay. So I’ve walked you through that, for lack of better language, that waterfall, so why don’t I just do that. So right now, dollars that are invested predominantly alongside our clients, where we act as a fiduciary, is $7.3 billion. There is $900 million that you would characterize as permitted under the Vogel rule. That leaves us with $6.4 billion. Of the $6.4 billion, $2.1 billion is public; that leaves us with $4.3 billion that is still private sitting alongside those funds.
Harvey Schwartz: I understand. Yes, so we mark everything to fair value, so we’re marking it quarter to quarter. So whatever gains or losses that are occurring in those investments, you’re seeing those translate through every quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: The funds have obviously performed well - you’ve seen that translate through the performance over the last couple years.
Harvey Schwartz: So the biggest driver in the quarter when you look year-over-year is obviously the incentive fees, and that’s reflective of the environment and incentive fees from time to time are going to be lumpy. With respect to the management and other fees, it really is just about mix and the average fee coming down, although offset in part by the fact that obviously [indiscernible] has grown pretty significantly year over year.
Harvey Schwartz: So as you know, in the business obviously we have a number of different client segments so it’s full service across a number of different lines. One of those lines is large advisory institutional mandates. Those mandates, given their size, tend to come at a lower fee base, and so that’s really the mix shift. So it’s basically away from classic mutual funds and into those types of mandates. You can see—I think we break it out for you in the 10-Q, you can see all that.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, okay, so why don’t I just start there and I’ll take your question in reverse. So we view those—obviously that’s separate in terms of—obviously we view asset liability management as an integrated exercise, but those two efforts are separate. But having said that, the acquisition went quite well, added in excess of $15 billion of deposits to the firm. It’s great for us because it diversifies our sources of funding, which as you know we’re always looking to do. Since the acquisition date, it’s been well received by consumers - we’ve had in excess of 20,000 consumers open up new accounts for us, so it’s had very significant growth in a short period of time. So it really speaks to the brand strength, which has been very nice to see. Now in terms of the longer term objectives, maybe I’ll just take an opportunity to level set you on where we are in the online lending. So as we talked about, we hired Harit over a year ago and he’s been a fantastic addition to the team, and he’s built a very capable team over that period of time. So I think it’s probably important just to level set you on how we approach this process. So we’ve obviously keenly aware of the fact that this is a new business opportunity for us and, importantly, a new client base, so one of the things we did is we reached out to thousands of consumers to really understand what they want and their borrowing priorities. Through that, we learned some things that probably aren’t so surprising - they want a product that’s simple, it’s straightforward, it provides a lot of value, and they also want what they refer to as really a high quality user experience. So what we have attempted to do is take all this feedback, we developed one product. I’ve emphasized—you know, we’ve emphasized a number of times that we’re going to be very deliberate and slow with this, so we’ve developed one product which we plan to launch later this fall, so that’s where we stand [indiscernible] over the next several months.
Harvey Schwartz: So in terms of the headcount process, the process itself really started back in February in terms of our analytics. Now as you know, Mike, we go through—what gets a lot of attention is that we referred to it as a review of the 5%. In years, it varies. Sometimes those reviews yield small reductions, sometimes we actually add people. It varied by business. Obviously for businesses that have hit heavier headwinds, like fixed income, they elected to go beyond the 5% in terms of their exercise, and then there are supporting businesses that are adjacent there, so things like ops and tech. This is a broad exercise across the firm. Now, I would point out again that this is netted against hiring, so we’re still hiring, and so—but the 5%, as I pointed out, on a run rate basis it’s $700 million.
Harvey Schwartz: It is reflected in the quarter to the extent to which it’s reflected in our compensation accrual, which is our best estimate for the year.
Harvey Schwartz: The biggest addition offsetting that would have been, for example, roughly 600 new analysts that joined the firm in June.
Harvey Schwartz: You know, it’s interesting. We, as you know, like sometimes—sometimes I think that because we don’t announce targets in advance, that people misunderstand a bit about the way we run the business. So we view this as a very thoughtful exercise. We don’t feel like we’ve sacrificed any optionality. We certainly have not sacrificed any commitment to our clients. These exercises are done at the business level and built up from the business level.
Harvey Schwartz: I think the reluctance for me to be more specific in terms of guiding you really reflects the dynamic nature of how we do it. So you have to think about—and it’s obviously more complicated than this, but you have to think about the three competing factors that we’re always managing. The first and most important is that we put ourselves in a very strong financial position so that we’re there for our clients, so if we saw a big uptick in client demand for our capital, we would be very happy to deploy that capital and actually not return it to shareholders. So this really reflects the fact that the client demand of a period of time hasn’t been there. Now, the second things we do and the strength of the financial footings of the firm, obviously you’ve seen us do a huge amount of work and you see it reflected in our ratios with 13.7 standardized at the end of this quarter. Obviously we’ve been very focused on how we’ve been de-risking the firm and deploying that capital when demanded for us. Ultimately, that gives you the flexibility to either return it or not, and that’s why you’ve seen the uptick over the past couple of years in terms of levels of activity. But the average diluted share count, as you pointed, is at a low level.
Harvey Schwartz: So I’ll make a couple of comments on that. You know, Guy, I’d say that first in terms of client activity levels and run rate, if you will, run rate is a difficult thing but I don’t think anyone would disagree that when you look at the trading activity levels and the industry trends over the last couple years, obviously they’ve been in decline. When you look at the factors in terms of our clients and what they need, our clients are still there and they still need those services, they need them from us, and so the type of environment we’ve been in, if you actually look at the sort of—for lack of better language, the violence of the first quarter in January and February, and then the concerns about Brexit in the second quarter, I think it’s fair for us to say these feel like low levels—these are the type of factors that contribute to reduced client sentiment, reduced confidence, and as a result reduced activity. Now, one interesting takeaway, and we’ve seen this before sporadically, is after Brexit when volumes were much higher for those couple of days, in all the things that we watch, we could see a demonstrable uptick in our market shares. That may be the result of the current competitive environment as we’ve talked about a number of the global competitors are going through restructurings, they’ve been quite challenged. So when volumes pick up, we feel like we see it, but it’s difficult for me to tell you what the run rate will be over a long period of time, given the dynamic nature of markets and the unique place we find ourselves with respect to global growth and interest rates. 
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. One of the things that we’re able to do over time, given all of the public regulatory reporting, is we’re able to monitor those things more closely in fixed income than historically exists, and obviously you have exchanges that you can monitor. Exchange volumes are not necessarily the greatest indicator, but over long periods of time you can see it, or under unique circumstances when you get big spikes in activity. But it feels like it to us, Guy.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, thanks Fiona. So with respect to [indiscernible] client services, that’s just reflective of activity levels, and as markets were volatile in the first and second quarter, you saw that translate through with respect to demand, market prices and spreads, so there’s nothing really to highlight there other than its reflective of the environment. In terms of the client base and our client footings, we’re always looking to grow our market share across all segments, across all regions, and so we continue to focus on that and there’s always things we can do better.  Thanks Fiona.
Harvey Schwartz: No, I think that’s maybe just reflective of different product lines that businesses may have. We’re not as big in things like credit cards and other parts of things which may flow through those business lines. I don’t really have the visibility into the competitor base well enough to tell you.
Harvey Schwartz: No, I didn’t. So you want me to [indiscernible] for you, so just to recap again, I’ll start with the advanced. Transitional 12:2, the fully phased is 11:8, standardized 13:7, fully phased 13:1.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, I think that’s a reasonable question in terms of just the unique nature of Brexit. It’s interesting how the world—so the market reaction, the activity level right around Brexit obviously I don’t think was surprising to any of us. I think you could have sat there those couple days after Brexit and if you were forecasting the next month of activity, I think you might have been surprised if we could have known in advance that equity markets would rebound so strongly, there would be a rebound in currencies, and the world would sort of normalize. I think that may be a little bit different, to go back to the core of your question about things we’ve seen in the past, so this normalization was so quick that it actually may be something that’s a better harbinger in the near term usually following one of these events for activity levels. I can frame that for you in a bit more detail. So I talked about the merger business earlier. If we stay in this low growth environment, unless something is really uniquely impacted by Brexit and if the negotiation process takes a long period of time, then as I said, our bankers don’t necessarily see this being a headwind. If we stay in this low interest rate environment and you take a look at our asset management business, then this is really an environment where clients need advice, and that also translates into our ITS business. This is a very content-rich environment now and markets have stabilized so quickly, whether it’s debt or equity, et cetera, that I don’t know if I would have guessed a couple of weeks ago that the market would have rebounded so quickly, but it feels pretty normalized for now.
Harvey Schwartz: Well, I think there would have been a lot of questions a few weeks ago about the cross-border mergers, for example, into the U.K., and obviously we’ve seen that within two weeks, so I think there’s evidence.
Harvey Schwartz: I think the answer is it’s just too early to tell in terms of how this process was going to unfold. Again as I said earlier, like everyone else, yourself included, we’re hopeful that this is a really thoughtful and prudent process, but it really is a question—you know, we’re contingency planners and so we’ll contingency plan for multiple outcomes, but way too early to speak specifically. 
Harvey Schwartz: So that’s a good question. So let’s start with—why don’t I just level set you on the balance sheet, the INL balance sheet first. So you were very accurate in your high level commentary, but the balance sheet is down roughly $2 billion quarter over quarter, down to 97.1, and that breaks out between roughly $20.8 billion of what we call equity, and of that $3.5 billion is public equity and the total $16.8 billion of corporate equity, and then the rest, as you said, is debt. With respect to the NIM, in part it has to do with deposits but for the most part it has to do with the quality of the portfolio. So as you know, a large portion of the portfolio is collateralized, so it’s just less risky.
Harvey Schwartz: It’s a mix. We don’t have branches all over the United States, so we don’t have the lowest marginal cost of funding in terms of deposits, but it really is more of the collateralized nature of the lending that we’re doing.
Harvey Schwartz: I think what we intended to communicate was that the approval gave us the flexibility to do all those things, but we weren’t speaking specifically to any decision making with respect to the dividend. The way we—as you know, our preferred methodology, because it gives us a lot more flexibility internally how we manage our capital, is to provide capital return to shareholders, but there’s nothing specific or you shouldn’t interpret anything as a takeaway year to year as we think about the dividend. Those will be discrete decisions that we make as we think through the capital planning process.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, so it’s an interesting question. I guess you could say CCAR is binding if you ask of capital return and you have to revise it. That’s not necessarily what we’ve meant to communicate. Obviously if you just looked at our headline ratios at 13:7 and 12:2, we have significant excess capital relative to the required regulatory minimum. It’s a dynamic process for us, and so in this particular year the Federal Reserve’s interpretation of their scenario was more favorable than our interpretation of the scenario, but it’s our interpretation of the scenario that’s going to govern our capital policy and how we think about capital management, so that’s how we’ll approach it. It’s our test.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, except for the fact that—the one thing I would say is that the capital allocation process itself, and now we’re talking about operating principles, we’re not talking about tests, the operating principles, we design the firm, we manage the firm to be very flexible. So if there is client demand for capital in investment banking, we want to be in a position to deploy that. If there’s client demand for capital—because the vast majority of our capital is high velocity. If there are opportunities and client demand in investing and lending, which tend to be longer term commitments of capital, obviously we engage in those also, but we don’t allocate down a capital in a way that says, okay, here’s your capital Mr. and Mrs. Business, you use that, we’ll see you in a year. We feel like we get a much better ability to deliver to our clients globally if we can be more flexible and dynamic with it.
Harvey Schwartz: No, we’ll have to see what the rule comes out with. The vast majority of our business, as you know, is not unlike a lot of the other capital markets businesses where we’re working with corporate clients on hedging their exposures, we’re working with investors who want access to the commodity markets. So commodity hedging for a consumer or a producer of a commodity, to them it’s no different than the way a corporate would hedge foreign exchange.  We’ll have to see what ultimately the rules look like, but obviously we’re very committed to those clients.
Harvey Schwartz: No, that’s correct. We took in $16 billion roughly of deposits, and that’s really the whole driver of the increase, both in the balance sheet and in the GCLA.
Harvey Schwartz: Look, you’ve seen it - it seems like ages ago now, but in the first quarter of 2015, we had an improved market environment, we were very quickly able to deliver lots of operating leverage, and you saw a near 15% ROE in that quarter. Like I said, it feels like a long time ago now. We continually review all the businesses to ensure that we’re maintaining the right footprint, so this is all about making sure that we find the right balance between our commitment to clients over the long term and expense management, and obviously the first half of this year has not been the greatest environment, so you’re just seeing us respond to it.
Harvey Schwartz: So the way to think about that is, if we finish the end of the 2015 with a certain [indiscernible], all those adjustments and resources on a run rate basis would be $700 million, so all other factors being equal. But that won’t translate into this year because there are severance and other related costs, and net of that will be something more like 350, so you should really think of that as translating into 2017. Now, this will be dynamic of course because we’ll be hiring more people, so you and I are really sterilizing the discussion for this number, but I think that’s the best way to explain it to you.
Harvey Schwartz: Well certainly if the environment continued to be challenged, we would continue to refine the businesses. On the flipside, if the environment globally improved dramatically and there was a real demand for our resources, which has been no difficulty in attracting very, very high quality talent to the firm, so we’re also being very thoughtful about giving people an opportunity to want to be at Goldman Sachs that we want to be here.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, given where we’re running now, I would say something just shy of 30 feels like a better expectation where we stand right now.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, it’s a good question. So obviously you’ve seen us do a number of smaller bolt-on acquisitions in IMD, and the thesis behind those, because we’re certainly not reluctant to do that, is when we feel like we had a capability that we would—if there’s a service we’d like to enhance for our clients or a capability that we’re quite good at, that we think we can add scale to, we’ll just weigh the costs and benefits of acquiring versus building in-house.  This particular effort, when we looked at it, we really felt like best designed from scratch, and the reason for that is I think we’re kind of uniquely positioned. It allows us to leverage our technology skills and our risk skills, but this is really about if you look at sort of the competitive landscape, there are benefits that online lending platforms provide to consumers and there are benefits that large commercial providers of credit provide to consumers. We’re just really looking to bridge the gap between those strengths and offer consumers as best we can a really thoughtful and differentiated product.
Harvey Schwartz: Look, I think this cycle will have its unique aspects to it versus other presidential cycles, but historically there’s always been some element which may have ultimately deferred a decision that a client might make to a later period. But these are short term in nature, so we don’t see any significant impact in terms of the near term.
Harvey Schwartz: It was a combination. Obviously the VAR declined pretty meaningfully in average over the quarter. Really, that was a combination of two factors. There was reduced client activity going into Brexit, and as I mentioned earlier, we were being pretty prudent as we approached the date.
Harvey Schwartz: We don’t have any visibility into those calculations, Marty. As you know, there’s no transparency in that process, so I really can’t comment. I think this year’s test and last year’s test and the year prior to that, I think it just confirms what the Federal Reserve has been very clear about. Their test is going to be dynamic from year to year. They’re going to incorporate lots of different variables - that’s how they designed it, so I actually think they’re just fulfilling their design criteria.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes, so the way to think about it is on an annualized basis, Marty, so you should incorporate those numbers as $700 million on a run rate basis, that run rate basis—and this is again a very sterilized way we’re doing this conversation. That’s all other factors being equal going into 2017, and this year that will translate roughly into $350 million of savings this year. How that flows through quarter to quarter, that’s very specific to a number of circumstances. 
Harvey Schwartz: So as I mentioned before, we have $4.3 billion that’s private, $2.1 billion—I went through the waterfall, so I won’t do it again. You would have seen a communication from the regulators that basically spoke to the confirmation of the extension to 2017, and then there’s been public submissions in terms of industry-wide requests for incremental extensions, which I believe under the Volcker interpretations can be as much as an incremental five years.  If you remember, if you go back to the genesis of Volcker, it wasn’t designed to force fire sales or anything like that, so the industry again has been working with the regulators through various bodies, and we’ll see how the regulators finally respond to that. But I think the industry has done a good job, as have we, of bringing down these levels, but we’re sitting alongside our clients mostly in these funds, so we don’t have unilateral authority just to sell these assets.
Harvey Schwartz: That’s great. Since there aren’t any more questions, we just want to thank everybody for joining the call. Hopefully we’ll all get to see you over the course of the coming months. If you have any other questions, give a call into Dane and the team; but otherwise thanks again for participating and have a great summer. 
