David A. Viniar: I think I'd start with opportunities. We're not holding back leverage. They're just -- while there was obviously more activity than the fourth quarter, our clients are still cautious given the economic environment, the regulatory environment, other things. And so they are just are not -- we're taking advantage of opportunities where we see them with our clients. But there aren't that many.
David A. Viniar: Well, let me answer the second part of the question first. The gains were a variety of things. First of all, there's interest. We make loans and I would say, somewhere between 20% and 25% is interest. Then it was a combination of things. As you know, it was a very active financing market. So there were a lot of restructurings during the quarter. There were a lot of repayments during the quarter, and given that we're a mark-to-market firm, if something is repaid at par and it wasn't marked at par, we have gains. So there was just a lot of debt activity, which is beneficial, and then there was a narrowing of spreads as well [indiscernible]. So all of those things contributed to the gains in that segment. As far as the balance sheet goes -- how about if we just get back to you? I just don't have those numbers at my fingers.
David A. Viniar: Sure. Now as you remember, in 2009 and 2010, when we talked about it, I told you those weren't -- what was going on in the markets then were not sustainable. I think a very big portion of it was a bid/offer spread and the fact that there was just so little capital in the market to service our clients. And we were there and most others were not. And so we had an incredibly high market share, an unsustainably high market share with unsustainably high bid/offer spreads. And so, I think, that market share has come back down to, what I would call -- and I don't like using the word normal, a more normalized level, and bid/offer spreads have come down to a more normalized level.
David A. Viniar: Well, I think what I said was Institutional Client Services were balanced by business. And so within the FICC businesses, all the five major businesses were quite balanced. As far as region goes, I would say that overall, our revenues were pretty much in line with what you've seen, mid- to high-50s for the U.S. And outside the U.S., roughly 60%, 40%, Europe, Asia. So not a big change there.
David A. Viniar: I'm not going to give the numbers, but we continue to work with the regulators and return capital. And we think it's prudent. As you said, we prefer to use it, we prefer to find opportunities to put it to work. But if not, we'll give it back to our shareholders in a way that we think is prudent, given the opportunities that we think are out there and given the financial standing of the firm.
David A. Viniar: Yes, it's early. Again, really no change. If we were to do it now at the end of the quarter, our Basel III ratios would be Basel III common. Tier 1 common would be just around 8%. And if we roll it out to the end of 2012 and we assume just consensus earnings and just passive mitigations, things that roll off would be at around 11%, right around. That hasn't changed. And as far as doing anything active, it's too soon to really do it.
David A. Viniar: It was both. There were a couple of things that were pretty meaningful, but it was also very, very diversified. There were tens and sometimes triple digits of positions that participated in the gains, in both debt and equity.
David A. Viniar: [indiscernible]  Across all of our businesses. And again, I should have given the caveat, which I always give you, that it's a little hard to do things geographically because we have global books, and so you hand off from one region to another. And then when you have a crossboard of merger, if the deal has a U.S. acquirer of a Chinese company. Is that a U.S. deal or an Asian deal? So there's question where things are, but I'd say it's relatively consistent across our businesses. High-50s in the U.S., and then roughly -- mid- to high-50s in the U.S. and then 60%, 40%, Europe, Asia, outside the U.S.
David A. Viniar: Guy, again, I'd have to get back to you to look at that segment specifically. I know it's the case generally across our businesses, segment by segment. I'd have to get back to you on that.
David A. Viniar: It's a little too early to tell. Well, some of that will be in the Q. Part of it has to do with how you allocate comp to the various segments, how you allocate some other expenses. It's a little too early. It's sometimes hard to do in the middle of the year, because that stuff only becomes clear at the end of the year. So even if you see some of that in the Q, it's really rough estimates. And it's really only what we have at the end of the year that is truly the meaningful margins.
David A. Viniar: I think you would generally find that the Investing and Lending segment has at the higher end of the margins.
David A. Viniar: No. I wouldn't take any message. As you know, it's our best estimate of where we'll be. Now we don't know where we'll be. You know what we've historically done, so you can go look at that. But versus last year, as you know, we have more people in more places that are not necessarily generating as much revenue. And so the very, very slightly higher accrual seemed to make sense to us.
David A. Viniar: I think, Roger, it's too early for me to say that this is exactly how we're going to do it. We'll have to see what the final rules are. We'll have to see what the environment is like. In a tougher environment, we'll keep even more of a buffer. If it's a better environment, we might not. We'll have to look out as to what we think the opportunities are going to be. We're always going to run at higher more conservative capital levels. I think that's just the way we're going to manage the firm. We are in constant dialogue with our regulators. They know where we are and what we have. And we'll just decide over time.
David A. Viniar: I think it's going to be neither. It's really short. I mean, that stuff we can literally turn to cash instantly. So I mean, it is the equivalent of cash.
David A. Viniar: As we sit here now, we don't think so. We think that business, as you know, is mostly a client-focused business, and we think it is the business that is allowed under Dodd-Frank. We think most of the businesses don't make sense under Basel. We've talked about some of the ones where the capital charges are pretty high. So no, we continue to be hopeful that that business is going to grow over time. And it's going to grow in more places. It's going to grow in the growth markets. We continue to be optimistic looking forward.
David A. Viniar: Well, I mean, it wasn't even so much that distressed debt prices didn't get so low, it's holders of distressed assets just didn't sell them. And so, I think, that was really the issue more than anything. Look, we're looking for -- first of all, we're looking for opportunities of just more client activity. So more client activity results in us using more capital. So that would be the first and best way for us to use our capital. Other than that, it would be opportunities if we saw, distressed assets of really any kind being available for sale. And we just -- we've seen some opportunities, not that many with our clients, and very, very minor opportunities in the distressed asset business, whether it be loans, real estate, other types of credit, very, very few opportunities.
David A. Viniar: That is the biggest driver. Absolutely. Macroeconomic factors, client confidence, more certainty about regulatory reform. Those things tend to drive client activity, and that drives opportunities.
David A. Viniar: You hit almost all of the things, all right? So elevated levels of cash, elevated levels of capital. We repaid Buffet, but those are all on the usage side. And then there's the return side itself, which -- the revenue side, which is really going to be driven by more activity. The higher ROE businesses. The merger business still -- if you look at the volumes compared to GDP, it's still at historic lows. Growth in assets and assets under management would be a high return business where you just haven't seen that much. You've seen a little bit flowing into higher fee businesses but not that much. And then just overall, more activity on the trading side. So you see more flow from our clients. All of those things would help drive ROE. As far as balance sheet turnover, the speed of turnover hasn't changed. It's still quite high, there just isn't as much of it.
David A. Viniar: Again, you are both asking and answering the questions at the same time. Because the answer is both of those things. I think there is definitely regulatory uncertainty is weighing on activity, people uncertain about how the rules are going to affect them. And the macroeconomic activity -- or the macroeconomic environment is also weighing on people. And I think that's why you've seen, over the last quarter now, but even going back to last year, stops and starts. Some good data comes out and people feel good, then there's no data, then there's regulatory uncertainty, then there's negative views of whether it's peripheral Europe or potential inflation in the growth markets or growth in the U.S. I mean, all of those things, you're seeing varying data. And that varying data causes fits and starts amongst clients. And so it's both. It's both of the things that you mentioned.
David A. Viniar: I think it would be great if we had one set of capital rules around the world. But I think that each local regulator has their own views of the world. They look at things differently, and they have the right to regulate their local jurisdictions and I think we and other financial institutions around the world are -- we've always lived with that, and I think we're going to have to live with that. I think they're all trying hard to standardize the regulations as much as possible, but I think it's unrealistic to think that there is just going to be one set for everybody around the world. And as I said, we've lived through that, and we're going to have to live with that going forward. But they're doing the best job they can. As far as when we're going to get complete clarity in the U.S., I'm not sure. I know the regulators are working very hard at this and are trying again to do the best job they can. It's a very hard job. And so we're trying to be as helpful as we can. We're hopeful to get more clarity by the end of this year.
David A. Viniar: Okay. I think we've talked a little about this. First of all, hard to give you a definitive answer because how some of the regulations ultimately get written could drive how some of the businesses evolve. But we think it's pretty clear that some of the technological advances that happened in equities are going to happen in some of the FICC businesses. The technology and client connectivity are going to be very, very important. And without the 100% knowledge of exactly how that's going to work, which is one of the differences we have this time versus last time, we kind of knew where we were. We just had to get there. We're trying to get as prepared as we can for how we think things are ultimately going to shake out.
David A. Viniar: I don't know what volumes are going to be. But one thing you know about the markets is they tend to get better and worse faster than people think they're going to. And I'm not at all predicting volume is going to pick. They could easily slow down a lot, given some of the macroeconomic uncertainty that is out there. And if volumes continued to stay where they are or get slower, and we think they're going to stay that way, then we would have to make some changes whether it would be the capital, the headcount or it's other expense items.
David A. Viniar: We've been -- we, through the downturn, have been very, very careful about our non-comp expenses. So I'd say, we are -- there is not a lot to do in non-comp expenses that we haven't done. There's always more you can do. But there's not that much to do.
David A. Viniar: It will not impact how we do business at all. And I have no comment on it. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division All right, thank you.
David A. Viniar: Ed, again, I apologize. I'm going to have to -- we're going to have to -- I don't have those numbers at my fingertips.
David A. Viniar: Well, actually, in doing that, we assumed no increase in equity for equity-based comp and no buy backs. So if you assume that they offset each other, then it's the same number. So we just assumed neither in those numbers.
David A. Viniar: Well, it's as if we assumed we would buy back whatever the equity-based comp is. We assumed no increase in equity for equity-based comp and no buy backs. So another way of thinking about it is, we assumed exactly offsetting each other
David A. Viniar: No, you should read nothing into it. It's just the first quarter is the slow hiring period. And as you know, natural but very low attrition. Most of our hiring is done through the summer. So no, you should read absolutely nothing into that.
David A. Viniar: I'm not quite sure how to answer that. I told you, we've been pretty conservative. We have more capital than we need for the business right this second. But there's a lot of uncertainty out there. We can only speak for ourselves. We can't speak for others. There's a lot of uncertainty. We are hoping that we see opportunities. And well, if we don't, then we'll have to give more back. We've said that. But I can't speak for others. You should ask them that question.
David A. Viniar: Sure, I'll give you the quick version now and happy to talk as much as you want. Obviously, over the last three years, we had a big decline and then a big increase in there. So 2008 was pretty difficult to the Asset Management business, as well as other businesses. And then it picked up after that, it's been roughly flat over the last year. All of the mix has gotten better. So you've had more of -- fewer money market assets, more alternatives to fixed income assets, still higher fee paying. That's one of our biggest focuses. We are very focused on our distribution and making sure we hire the right number of people so that we can distribute our product. And then we can continue to focus on the performance, because we know, ultimately, that's going to drive things.
David A. Viniar: I don't have that because we stopped calculating it. When we went to the new basis, we're no longer calculating how it would have looked on the old basis. So I really don't know.
David A. Viniar: Look. Again, there's nothing in that document that's different than where we thought before. But the rules are not written yet. We have to see what the final rules say. Our understanding is if the regulators are trying to write rules that are sensible, that makes sense for the safety and soundness of the financial system but also don't hurt the growth of free flow of capital in our Capital Markets. So we just have to wait and see what the final rules are.
David A. Viniar: Well, as you know, and I don't need to tell you, it's hard for forecast any of our businesses. They are not recurring constant revenues. So it is hard to forecast. We give you the asset balances. We give you our potential for 10% declines. Now obviously, idiosyncratic things could affect our portfolios versus others. But I think the best you can do is look at the asset balances, look at the potential 10% declines and make best estimates there. Obviously, this quarter, we did better than that would have implied. There will be some quarters we'll do somewhat worse. But it is difficult to forecast our businesses.
David A. Viniar: There's some amount of interest in the debt line. I tell you, this quarter, it was round numbers, 20% to 25% of that line. So that's going to be recurring, but that's a small part of it.
David A. Viniar: I'm not sure how you measure OTC derivatives as far as inventory turnover goes. Because first of all, there's often restructurings of derivatives. And so, do you count it if it's restructured, is it a new transaction or old transaction. And they're really all over the map. You also have derivatives where you might hedge the derivative. And you might have a long-dated derivative and a short-dated hedge that you constantly roll. So it's very, very hard to measure OTC derivatives, which is why we excluded it. No reason other than the measurement difficulty.
David A. Viniar: Oh, yes. It was about a $40 million gain, and it's virtually all in FICC client execution. So very small.
David A. Viniar: So, what I would tell you there, you're right. It was almost exactly flat. And interestingly, it was pretty flat balances and pretty flat spreads quarter-over-quarter. It wasn't much of a change in anything. And there's just -- while activity was up versus the fourth quarter, it's still not that high. And leverage within the hedge fund community is still not very high. And so that hasn't changed all that much.
David A. Viniar: Right. So what I would say -- look, different firms are different. If you look across, you'll see some up, some down. One thing I would say is that one place where we do not have a big presence is in passive products. And passive products, clearly, were up more than others. And other people who are concentrated there would have had better flows than we would have.
David A. Viniar: Activity levels in commodities were pretty good. I mentioned that it was very balanced, that we had a solid quarter in commodities, as well as the other products. So it was a good quarter in commodities. It was a good quarter in all of the businesses. So I didn't mean to not mention them, because it was a good quarter in commodities. But it was -- as I said, solid quarter in commodities but all the other businesses as well
Guy Moszkowski: Okay, that's helpful, thanks. And then just in terms of the geographic spread within the equity and the fixed income segment sort of to piggyback on Howard's question? And again, I'm within Investing -- I'm talking about Investing and Lending.
Guy Moszkowski: So that still applies largely with respect to the Investing and Lending segment as well? Because that's where I meant to ask the question.
Guy Moszkowski: And historically, do you have a sense for as you look back over the last few years? And I know you didn't disclose more than a limited period but...
