Marty Chavez: Yes, Glenn, that’s right. The $625 million of net NII in the quarter reflects $2.5 billion dollar run-rate and that is an outgrowth of growing the lending look.
Marty Chavez: So, Glenn, in our business, we have, well, a variety of ways of looking at it in our merchant bank, we raised funds of course and then we also have the Special Situations Group. The best way to think about it is its franchise adjacent. What drives it is not market beta, but rather the adjacency to our IBD platform. That’s how the sourcing of the investments works, that’s how the harvesting works and this is an area where we are deploying capital. We are seeing attractive risk returns and we are seeing the private credit is reemerging. We have launched new funds. It’s Volcker compliant. We partner with our clients in a variety of ways to participate in the lending and then our IBD platform can participate in the harvesting as well. So, this is the core competency for the firms. We have been doing it for decades. And it’s an important pillar of our growth.
Marty Chavez: So, Glenn there, it is just as you say it, it’s a strong revenue growth year-on-year and our emphasis on profitability. The compensation philosophy remains the same as it always has been, we pay it for performance and we attract and retain talent.
Marty Chavez: So, I will start with the banking front and you know as we mentioned the backlog is strong at record level and the M&A backlog within that also at a record level, underwriting strong pipeline as well and the industry trends are robust. Yes, there is geopolitical and other discussions, but we are seeing the client engagement at high levels across the Americas, across Europe, it’s broad, I highlighted a few of the sectors, but it’s really across many sectors not just the ones I mentioned, PMT, natural resources and healthcare. And CEO confidence is strong, the firms have cash. It’s driven by a lot of things, lower taxes and also the repatriations. So, the trade factor is there, but we have seen no impact on client’s activity and it’s clear to us and to our corporate clients that those strategic benefits outweigh the potential to receive challenges.
Marty Chavez: Well, certainly Michael, we are leading in running the business for the long-term and we know that that the importance obviously of delivering revenue and earnings growth, hence the growth strategy that we outlined for the market is driving more recurring fee based revenue banding products and services and broadening the client base and that’s something that you can see in our results and it’s something that we are going to continue to work on. And our view is that as we do this the market will over time recognize that. For me, for Heather, for all of us at the firm, disclosure is a huge priority and we are open to any and all suggestions and recommendations from you, the analysts, from our investors and we are taking them on board and you can see some of that in my prepared remarks and as we go through the Q&A you will see more of it.
Marty Chavez: The comp to net revenue ratio, and as you know, Christian, is 39% is our best estimate at this point for the full year. Operating leverage is a lens through which we examine many of our decisions. We know it’s important to our stakeholders, it’s important to us and as we make our investments, we keep those, we keep that in mind. And when we set the compensation ratio, we are looking at a variety of scenarios, but we are especially looking at our 3-year growth plan and those are all the factors that go into it. If you are going to see from us, we will remain focused on operating leverage in the back half of the year, the revenue environment is certainly a factor, but it also just like to emphasize that the comps in that revenue ratio, our best estimate for the year is an output of all of these other considerations. The main drivers are revenues and the growth plan and our emphasis on earnings and revenue growth.
Marty Chavez: Well, Christian, as we outlined and this is the way we are making all of our decisions as we build out this business indeed as we launched ourselves into this business in the first place with the insertion point that you know, which is the installment loans that offers the deposit offering, we are always looking at it from a few perspectives. First, is this a large addressable market? Are there significant pain points that we can solve for our new clients, does it play to our strengths and something that we have been doing for decades that the firm is prudently managing risk in deploying capital and also building software? And is it an opportunity where we can have results that are material for us without requiring a large market share and other attractive risk returns for our shareholders? So as we developed this vision, you are seeing more of the offerings and it’s coming into focus? And the emphasis for us is on what is the consumer’s pain point and how can we solve it in a differentiated way given also that we don’t have the legacy of scale mainframe systems and we don’t have the bricks and mortars. And so as we are doing this and this was of course one of the things that attracted us to Clarity Money, it’s the AB testing, it’s the emphasis on making it an easy user experience leading with the behavioral economics, a better service. We know this is a competitive and commoditized business and we know that we have to differentiate ourselves and earn our way into it. That’s what we are doing.
Marty Chavez: Well, Mike, you just got me for the call this morning and but I am happy to answer it, because this one is straightforward. What you saw in today’s announcement was another step in the unfolding of the board’s plan, which has been in place actually looking back for a real long time. Now you have seen various moments in the succession plans and today is one of those moments. The board has made its choice and its selection fair and that’s been developing over the last – over the last several months, obvious, but important to say Lloyd and David and all of us have worked together over years and decades on our management committee. The average tenure is something like 20 some years. And so this is all part of the plan is for strategy, David and Lloyd and I and many of us have been working on our strategy and you have seen that develop over time you have seen it in conferences, there is going to be more discussions at upcoming conferences. You will hear the emphasis on more recurring fee-based revenue and you have seen that in the results, the emphasis on the growth plan on driving revenue and earnings growth. All of these are parts of the strategy and David has been instrumental in that strategy, I don’t have any evolutions beyond that to announce right now, so stay tuned.
Marty Chavez: So, I am not going to breakout the percentage change other than to say that it was strong growth on the quarter with significance on the quarter and not only as I mentioned was it a record for the overall banking segment in backlog, it’s a record M&A or financial advisory backlog and underwriting is at the second highest level ever. And then if you look within underwriting separately, debt underwriting and equity underwriting, those are each at the second highest level ever.
Marty Chavez: Well, we are certainly seeing all kinds of trends at play and you mentioned some of them, we have seen resilient growth across many economies, rising U.S. rates, do the unwinds, tax reform behind us and therefore a lot more clarity on its stronger U.S. labor market, CEO confidence, GDP growth, all of those things are part of the macro backdrop and the momentum feels good. That combined with this franchise, that’s by many most metrics number one quarter-to-quarter, year-after-year over the long haul, the combination of those two is powerful.
Marty Chavez: So, Jeff, we talked about this a fair bit. We like to say we are in the moving rather than the storage business and that’s really something that you are seeing in the quarter. So balance sheet, as you noted as I mentioned was flat down $5 billion on the quarter. Within that, the movement in the balance sheet remains high and that gives the opportunity to allocate the balance sheet on a daily basis and to prioritize the way that we are dedicating financial resources and resources of various kinds to our clients that it’s really a velocity story.
Marty Chavez: Yes, it is a 2018 story and that’s our estimate for the full year. As you know when they are discrete items, equity-based compensation, for instance, we recognized those in the quarter, where they happen. Certainly, in terms of this year’s tax rate, as we know, it’s a transitional year for parts of the tax reform specifically the guilty and the beat taxes. As for 2019, the 24% rate that I highlighted before that’s our best – that’s what I would suggest you as the sensible model and assumption.
Marty Chavez: We were not setting the comp ratio in that way at all Betsy, I mean of course we are looking at all kinds of things. As I mentioned, the philosophy of comps hasn’t changed at all, but the framework hasn’t changed either. The – I am well aware that we don’t typically reduce the comp rates in the second quarter and though it has happened in the past really the framework is the same we are looking at where the revenues are and paying for performance. We don’t have ROE targets. One thing that I would say that is an evolution and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks is that as we build and scale our businesses and apply more automation everywhere, it’s natural to think about comp and non-comp holistically. And that’s of course the efficiency ratio is one way to do it, pretax margin does it too and that is increasingly an emphasis for us on driving the efficiency ratio lower. And that’s how we got that.
Marty Chavez: One of the fascinating things about our businesses where we are thinking about so many things, it’s this combinatoric optimization across all kinds of metrics and constraints. We certainly do spend a lot of time thinking about our pretax as well as our pretax margin.
Marty Chavez: Well, yes Brennan as I am happy to note that you saw the increased disclosure, I am working on it. The 4% to 5% is our best estimate and we are absolutely provisioned higher than that.
Marty Chavez: Sure. So as you know and as we have discussed and you have seen this we have started by making a partner level hire of an engineer for this business. And I think that tells you a lot right there about how we are approaching it. One of the interesting things about technology and software generally is that there is paradigm shifts that happens about every 20 years and that’s actually pretty stable cycle. And if you look at the cash management offerings that are out there, what’s immediately obvious is they really haven’t changed much for two whole 20-year cycles. So, they are not too different than they were in the ‘70s and so that’s an opportunity right there. But especially, as we evaluated this business, the adjacencies to our core franchise are striking and obvious. We have corporate relationships that are the best on the street and we have been working to broaden those corporate relationships through the companies who are our clients, well beyond the CEO and CFO to treasurers, assistant treasurers, procurement and so we have been building that connectivity and then also the adjacency to our foreign exchange business is obvious. And so there is some analogies to the Marcus. The same evaluation criteria we laid out that led us to Marcus are leading us to this business exactly. There is a sizable revenue pool, where having our small share of that revenue pool is going to be meaningful for us and it’s an exciting opportunity, given changes in technology, payment rails and so many things. That’s the opportunity and we are seeing it as a 2 to 3-year build.
Marty Chavez: Well, sure. First, let me start with your hat tip to Lloyd. We feel the same way. That’s a delightful, lovely thing you said and also immensely well-deserved. So I will be sure to pass it on to Lloyd, who has been an amazing leader and he has made all of us better. So on to your next question on the growth initiatives, yes, I will step back for a minute. So the way we are looking at the growth initiatives is there are 7 revenue lines in the growth initiatives and we are making solid progress on all of them at or ahead in some cases, well ahead of our targets. And beneath that there is 40 plus key performance indicators and we see those as precursors, harbingers of the revenue and important to track as well, which we do on a granular and as you would expect from us highly automated basis. I, we, many of us, David, all of us look at it weekly to see how we are going. I laid out some of them for you. So, for instance, on the expanding client coverage in both FICC and equities, you will remember that that’s a $600 plus million annual revenue target in 3 years’ time, for FICC, expanding across clients, especially the asset managers. And we are definitively seeing in broker votes and third-party surveys and all kinds of measures of wallet share that we are making solid progress there. Equities, similarly I mentioned 100 basis point expansion in wallet share since 2016, up 140, to be a little bit more precise and that’s with those systematic in quant clients and half of that progress has happened this year to give you a flavor of some of the KPIs, but we know that the market is looking for the mark-to-market. We have mentioned $5 billion annual revenue in 3 years time without the market opportunity set expanding that’s just work that we are doing. And we are going to give you that detail and you are going to hear it from us in the back half of this year.
Marty Chavez: I will start by saying our equities franchise, which I had the opportunity to co-head some number of years ago, it’s one that I wouldn’t trade for anyone else’s equity franchise, it’s global, it’s balanced across cash and derivatives, we are doing exciting things in automation and engineering all over it. We have a leading prime platform and that business also had as you know in the second quarter of last year strong performance, solid performance and so the comp was tough. We breakout that segment as you know in three ways. So, it’s more granular than the peer group. I mentioned one of those in specific, but I am happy to go into any of them if you would like, but let’s say starting with commissions and fees, I will note that those revenues were stable and again it is just one quarter versus the second quarter with commission rates going down. And so while we always thought of 2018 as the year of adapting to MiFID II and observing and making changes in our business, we also highlighted for you that we had the view that MiFID II benefits would accrue, do scale players with leading research content and we are one of them and we are seeing abundant signs of that, picking up share from the lower tiers, people who do not have that kind of scale and diversification. The last thing I would say is that on the derivatives component which we highlighted, so in Equities Client Execution same year-on-year, but greater contribution from cash and lower from derivatives, some of those derivative transactions can be lumpy and we certainly have them in the second quarter and less of it – second quarter last year, less of it in the second quarter of this year.
Marty Chavez: So, what drove that decision was the opportunity to continue to diversify our funding channels and we clearly saw that in the UK. And as we built out that offering, it fits all of the parameters that you have seen from us in our digital consumer finance offering so far and you will see more of them as we evolve the strategy. We are always considering new products. There are many new products that were determined to build in the U.S. and we are always considering them, expanding them geographically. And I have nothing beyond that to announce right now.
Marty Chavez: Well, let’s start off by saying that the CCAR stress was hugely important for the safety and soundness of the financial system and it’s an important part of our process and we are supporters of it. We also have our own capital management plan and framework and analytics. And our view is we have ample capital, where we are right now, so you know we are at 12.6%. Our benchmark for capital on standardized CET1 basis was 12.5% and we designed that policy and so that it is as I said want to give this ample capital. To step back and to look at the CCAR process, it was more severe. If you look across the industry, you will see that that the best SCB estimate using DFAST 2018 is in several cases higher than the current capital level. And the math is pretty straightforward, so for us it’s 6% the peak to trough, add to that the 4.5% minimum and the 2.5% GSIB buffer, you get 13% without any management buffer, so that math is easy. And it is just one print. The Federal Reserve has said quite specifically that they view overall capital levels in the industry to be appropriate. And then also if you look back historically over 3 year to 5 year period as I mentioned for us the peak to trough has been 5, not 6. And there is a bunch of other things to consider here. The SCB is a proposed rule and as we know as rules become final all kinds of things happen. The regulators have been very specific that they are open to comments. You can see our bilateral comments to the Fed and you can see the industry rather, so we have certainly shared our views with the Fed. And we will wait and see how they will adapt, I can think of many ways averaging and so on and you said recalibration is one. There is many ways to comport these statements that results of this year’s test are more severe with the Fed’s statement that capital levels are appropriate for the industry across the board. The last thing I mentioned is that if the SCB is finalized, the relevant print would be DFAST 2019, not the one that we just saw. However, this all settles as we always do with the rules, we’ll comply and we’ll adjust them and it will be fine.
Marty Chavez: Well, certainly – actually, I was just talking to Adam Dell this morning and if you walk into our building, you can see Clarity Money on the pillar and I have absolutely sometime ago downloaded it myself and used it. Generally, as you know, historically over time, our approach at the firm has been we build all our own software. And as we have discussed in the past, we have changed that approach to see can we find it in open source or can we find something that’s already out there. And in the case of Clarity Money, we saw something that was beautifully designed from the user experience for the consumer and it made much more sense to join Clarity Money with our brand and our resources than to go build it on our own. And what we immediately saw in it and this is playing out is we saw it as a front door to all of the Marcus offerings, buy, save, spend, protect, invest and we saw it as a way to lower acquisition costs, which is a fascinating thing about the way that they have done it and we see it as a platform in which we can aggregate content and provide all of the services and products that we are developing in a consistent way, consistent brand and look and feel.
Marty Chavez: Well, the way I would look at the first half of 2018 is it was great results and no question that we are pleased with them. And it was a good opportunity set. It wasn’t a fantastic or great opportunity set. And so it really demonstrates the potential of our franchise, all of the businesses, all of the segments first half on first half growing double-digit percentages, with really a modest improvement in the backdrop. Certainly in that macro backdrop, we see all kinds of things, which we have mentioned, GDP accelerating, CEO confidence, tax reform clarity, now that the reform act is behind us. All of those things suggest that momentum is strong and so there is a lot to play for in the back half of the year and going forward.
Marty Chavez: So, sure. I will start by saying that we have been extremely successful in taking out bridges indicating risk. The vintages are profitable certainly in a small number of situations that have been a bit tougher. We have been well protected by the flex. And as we look at that business, we are seeing all kinds of evidence of the industry at large, our competitors re-pricing and changing the terms. And that’s a dynamic that obviously is a good thing. Terms, as you have alluded to, had gotten tighter, but more recently they have re-priced. Our focus remains there always on the velocity of that book. And as for the LBO book itself, I would say it’s important to acknowledge the size of that book is small. It’s order of $7.5 billion and there is a couple of dozen transactions in the book and no one of those transactions is more than $1 billion. So, all of those parameters remain really well-controlled.
Marty Chavez: Well, we have certainly highlighted for you that we are emphasizing in our strategy not only expanding the client base and delivering more products and services to that expanded client base, but also revenue growth, earnings growth, more recurring, stable, fee-based revenues. And so I am not going to give a percentage overall firm target because we don’t think about it in that way as a specific target, but it is something that we are working everyday to grow over the long-haul.
Marty Chavez: So, let’s start with that first question on prime. Yes, the revenues and securities services year-on-year are essentially flat, but inside that, it’s important to say that client balances grew year-on-year, net spreads compressed and hence flat revenue all-in.
Marty Chavez: Yes. So there is no particular seasonality that I can think of to share with you on the recognition of incentive fees. These incentive fees are difficult to predict and they did in part drive the revenue beat in that segment. In this case, they were triggered by harvesting and the variety of funds, but one of them that I will mention is our Vintage 5 fund. So the harvesting of that triggered the recognition of the incentive fees in this quarter.
Marty Chavez: So it really is loan growth, very, very broad-based. And so if you look at our HFI loans receivable, they grew $3 billion on the quarter. So, they now stand at – I am sorry, 3%. They now stand at $74 billion and in dollar terms, they grew $2.4 billion. And there is a whole variety of components of that growth and essentially all of them grew and contributed to those figures that I just gave you. And it’s really across corporate, private wealth management, our institutional lending and financing or SSG business as well as Marcus.
Marty Chavez: Well, we certainly look as you know at all of our businesses through a large number of metrics and the way they are treated in CCAR is certainly one of the many metrics. And it’s an important one overall at the firm level. It’s a binding constraint for us. And certainly, as we look at CCAR and we have been very public in saying this, we saw differences, divergences in our calculations from the Fed. We are always looking for more transparency and I am going to comment on an individual asset class as it plays through CCAR, but certainly more transparency into the process, in the modeling, in the calculations would benefit everyone.
Marty Chavez: Since there are no more questions, I’d like to take a moment to thank everyone for joining the call. On behalf of our senior management team, we hope to see many of you in the coming months. Any additional questions arise in the meantime please don’t hesitate to reach out to Heather. Otherwise, have a great summer and we look forward to speaking with you on the third quarter call in October.
