Harvey Schwartz: No. We don’t see anything in the rule that prevents us from continuing to hedge. I think the early concern before the final rule came out with its reference to portfolio hedging, but we hedge within the business as there is no hedging at the firm wide level, so hedges are hedges.
Harvey Schwartz: No, fine. It’s an important question. So, as you know, the commodity business has been an important business for Goldman Sachs and quite important for our clients for an extended period of time. I think to simplify it I would break down the business growing into two parts. There is – our activity there relate to investing activities. And then there is our franchise business where we are working with clients in a market-making activity. Then in that function, we are essentially providing the same services as anyone would, working with a Treasurer or a CFO on any risk that they would be hedging. So, in terms of a corporate treasurer, if they need to manage their exposure to dollar yen, they will work with us in our currency business. And if they need to manage their exposure to a cost input in commodities, they will work with us on the same hedging profile. So that’s a high level as the business breaks down. And on the investing side, we’ve been an important provider of capital and working with our clients to a capital intensive industry. I think it relates to the whitepaper, I think it’s a good step. It’s another step in the regulatory process, where people reviewing the businesses. I think the questions make sense. These are things that we consider all the time in our businesses from the safety incentive [ph] perspective. So I think it’s a healthy exercise and we will work the regulators, but certainly no change in strategy from Goldman Sachs as it relates to commodity. It’s just too important business for our clients.
Harvey Schwartz: No. Obviously, there has been a lot of attention to FEA over the last couple of days just so obviously you are aware of this, Glenn, but we incorporated FEA into our pricing methodologies back in 2010. And if you take the step back for a second, just from the general risk management perspective in the way that we think about risk parameters and inputs, if we identify our cost or parameter we try incorporate as quickly as possible and so we adopted this in 2010. In terms of it's implications I think there is probably two one is really more for you and folks on your side of the table which is obviously it has some degree of distorting effect when you look at things like revenue market share and it's one reason why we look at revenue market share but we don’t emphasize it as much as you do necessarily because these pricing inconsistencies they can lead to anomalies in certain points in time. I think the more important issue really in terms of how we run the business is the one that you have mentioned which is regardless of the particular assay class is, if one firm I say Goldman Sachs in this particularly case ends being the one from that’s actually pricing our parameter and all the other competitors aren’t. It leads to challenging conversations with the clients because you look like an outlier and so you know to get to the gut of your question the extent to which the playing field is level and everyone is pricing on the same terms and managing the risk the same way, obviously we prefer that. But in the end we’re always going to prioritize the risk management over things like market share.
Harvey Schwartz: So if you go back again a couple of years ago you know we really were focused on building operating leverage into the enterprise and I think in the end of last year you saw that reflected in the response sort of our performance with a 10.7% ROE and this year you’re seeing increasing operating leverage but obviously it's important to see the back to back consistency. Now we’re always looking to be more efficient. We can certainly do things you know far from corporate [ph] we can certainly do things in terms of capital efficiency and expenses and we’re constantly looking at how to leverage technology particularly as we get more visibility into finalized rules so we can adapt. I would say you know my comments before about finding balance. As we have been doing this the most important thing is we want to make sure we’re well positioned for our clients when revenue opportunities do look better and I think you see it kind of across the board in terms of market share and investment banking, reachable [ph] presence, growth and asset management all across of our businesses you’re seeing it we will try to find that balance and look we always get these things right but that’s what we’re trying to do.
Harvey Schwartz: It's a really good question; I’m going to break it down in two part. On the first part in terms of the impact of regulation I think it's early you know we haven't even really seen the launch of things like swap execution facilities and the real impact is in ultimately how market structures adjust. I do think though that the big impact from a regulation perspective is the fact that the entire industry is carrying more capital and I think implicating [ph] in your question but you should correct me if I’m not appearing correctly, it would appear that perhaps there is excess capacity in the industry. Now we have been building a lot of operating leverage into our fixed income franchise over the last couple of years and at the same time we feel very comfortable with our relative position in all of our businesses and so to the extent to which capacity comes out we think we will benefit from that in terms of our competitors exiting businesses but we will have to see. We’re just focused on doing what we can with our opportunity set.
Harvey Schwartz: So it’s a great question. So obviously we have taken a number of steps over the past several years to in terms of selling businesses that because of rule changes were quite frankly just better held than other people and when you provide the proper return, then as I said going to the hood, we have been building in as much operating flexibility into, for example, our fixed income franchise as we can during this fortune environment. So I guess I would say with respect to capital first and foremost, we just want to make sure that firm is positioned safely and defensively and at the same time we can be offensive when opportunities present themselves, but it’s really going to be determined by client activity, economic growth, confidence that will be the opportunity set and will just adjust. It will always be incremental. So you will see us make incremental steps. You have seen us take some move selling things, but you will see us make incremental steps, but really now, it’s about that balance, because we don’t want to forgo the upside.
Harvey Schwartz: It’s a good question. So if you sort of just think about our investment banking franchise and you break it down between let’s just say underwriting on one side and advisory services, the merger business on the other. The underwriting activities clearly there is a market component to that in terms of tightening credit spreads people looking to put capital to work and then obviously you saw it in the fourth quarter a big uptick in equity underwriting, the market was there. The advisory business for a CEO making a decision on a merger, it’s a career defining decision and against the backdrop. Again, go back and look at 2013, against the backdrop in one quarter you are contemplating what is tapering mean and then two quarters later, you are contemplating a government shutdown at that difficult backdrop to make a career defining decision. And so it’s going to lack that client and you are going to see pickup in M&A activity in sectors where you see global confidence and so not surprising to us at all and we have been very protective about franchise obviously a leading franchise. Now, as it relates to some of the other markets like for example take the debt market, one thing I have learned in the past year, because I think one of the most frequently asked questions I got at the end of the last year was what is the debt underwriting looking like in the environment in 2013? I couldn’t have told you that there will be as much activity as there was. We just respond to when we look to deliver for our clients in it. Now, you could paint a picture of a declining debt environment, but also you could see debt transactions of significant swing to mergers. We have seen some of that Europe recovery and a long-term shift to the capital markets, growth markets shifting more towards capital markets due to very long-term trends that are in place. Simple, we will say.
Harvey Schwartz: Sure I actually think the regulators approach and all the industry participants, clients, exchanges and clears I thought that the process of clearing I don’t know if you give it higher marks. It was done in stages, it was very orderly. I think the issue with swap execution facilities obviously there is a big technology build and change in behavior across all of our clients and so the only thing I would say about and we will have to see what happens in February is I think that measured approach the clearing was quite thoughtful and I know there is lots of discussion about the approach you know the burden is on all of us to make sure that you know as an industry we adopt these protocols. A lot of burden obviously on swap execution facilities because they are the center of all this connectivity but clients need to be ready. It's hard for me to gage their preparedness but I think if it was staged and I don’t mean extended but I think if it was staged and it mirrored the approach to clearing I think at the margin it just I don’t know maybe it's just more prudent.
Harvey Schwartz: So obviously and we talked about this over the course of the year, it's an environment that has been favorable for harvesting and so you’re seeing that as we go through. We are also seeing interesting opportunities around the globe for investing but you’re seeing the performance as it comes through.
Harvey Schwartz: So absolutely no change to how we’re thinking about compensation. First you know we manage the compensation across the firm it's a collection of businesses and pay is based on firm performance then we go into the divisions and obviously down to the individual and so obviously it's our largest expense. We spend significant time on it; I think you’re seeing the benefit of you know some of the tough cost cutting that we embedded into the business over the last couple of years.
Harvey Schwartz: The short answer is yes but I would breakdown regulatory clarity from the opportunity set. The opportunity set is going to be driven by what we see working with our clients and being very disciplined about returns as we have in the past. In terms of the rules that, you know the rules that gives a road map or the various alternatives under which you can undertake the activities you can you invest with your clients in 3% funds, you can work with other Volcker compliant structures and obviously we can invest off our balance sheet. So but that speaks to how the when and working with clients that will be opportunity driven.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah so what I was really trying to underscore there is some of the things I mentioned earlier, which is focusing on a shift from quantitative easing to tapering or the entire financial symptoms are adjusting to multi-year processes in regulatory reforms or a government shutdown. Again, things are not normal characteristics of a cycle. And so referencing the script is sort of supply and demand driven see really what are the fundamentals of the economy, what are the fundamentals of performance of companies, and that’s really what I was talking about it, it maybe not the best score, but it’s more of a return to sort of the normal day to day challenges. And as you have seen in the past, when there was economic growth in activity in a degree of certainty, our clients are willing to make significant decisions, commit more capital and we get to work with them and the activity levels pickup.
Harvey Schwartz: Client engagement, we are very, very focused on our clients in terms of the first couple of weeks, way too early to extrapolate anything.
Harvey Schwartz: So it’s a good question. I think the core of your question where you are saying is basically if risk is down. So the consumption of capital is lower and the demand for capital isn’t there, the question is can we return or not return it, okay. Now, the way we will look at that question is first and foremost running with periods of excess capital is not a problem if we feel like we are going to be able to deploy that capital. We are never going to force that deployment. So first and foremost is going to be risk judgment about how we utilize it. If we say opportunities, where capital cannot be deployed and I will say for the long-term, for example, in our insurance businesses where the rules have changed, then we will look to return it. And we’ll work with the Fed over time in the construct to return that capital, I am certainly not speaking for the Fed here, but I don’t think any industry benefits from holding excess capital in the system for an extended period of time.
Harvey Schwartz: I think, well, clearly the cost structure issue is one need to focus on, because as I mentioned the compliance burden is pretty intent. I think the revenue again, one of the things in the rule obviously and I have to get the exact language, but basically you said that market-making activities effectively essential, because it promotes healthy capital markets. And so I think that the Volcker Rule is covered, we will have to see ultimately in the implementation what happens, but at least in the intent of the final rule that seems clear that they want to support capital markets. And so those revenue opportunities again are going to be predominantly driven by the opportunity set. That’s all I think about it. Now, in terms of our implementation team, this is just kind of typical how we approach it just making sure that we have identified the right people across entire firm to make sure that we do it as efficiently as possible and then there will be a build, but at this stage, it’s way too early to sort of quantify any ongoing cost structure for you.
Harvey Schwartz: So that’s a great question. It's way too early to tell obviously in terms of how we will think about compensation in 2014. It will be driven as I said before by performance and the performance will be driven by obviously the collection of businesses that we run. I think that the mix issue, I understand why you’re asking the question but there is no single business or segment that drives compensation expense for Goldman Sachs and so you know for example if you had asked a question slightly differently you said listen let’s just say I&L everything else being equal and I&L was down I would expect that means the performance of the fund is down it's obviously compensation expense would be down but at that point in time we will be incorporating all factors, competitive positioning, and this is we’re building because while it's pay for performance for the year it's also investing for the long term.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah sure no problem. So on a DVA adjusted basis sequentially and obviously we had a challenging third quarter in FICC, and got a lot of attention but sequentially DVA adjusted revenues were up 46% if you adjust for the sale of the European insurance business it's more like 30% it's roughly about $200 million.
Harvey Schwartz: No we haven't, we’re still digesting the rule. As you would imagine under that paradigm obviously just because of the nature of our business it impacts our ratio more as a result of things like netting and collateral but we’re still digging through the rule.
Harvey Schwartz: It's an important question, if you just split into two parts for a second on the first part we’re not going to change or approach to risk and by the way the FDA was a good example earlier. We’re not going to change our approach to risk management and how deploy our resources to the extent to which our competitors change their strategy. The other half of the question I think is the way you’re asking which is for example if whatever the constraint is it does not to be the leverage ratio but if a firm is constrained, if our competitors are constrained in a particular business and we have relative strength in that business we would assume that we could be a more valuable provider to our clients on relative basis and that relative strength would just improve. I think that paradigm applies for everybody.
Harvey Schwartz: So the practice of the 4Q true-up is just that we said competition we have full visibility into the performance of the business is. So again, no change in compensation philosophy, we actually think it’s quite important to maintain our philosophy around compensation and for all of our employees at Goldman Sachs to understand it, understand our obligation to the firm and the context for the compensation philosophy ultimately obviously as the largest helmet of our cost structure we incorporate everything you would think we would put into that including our obligation to our shareholders.
Harvey Schwartz: You are into a pretty intricate territory. So they have got [ph] rules of 900 pages. Right, and so I wasn’t – what I was basically saying is I was bringing it down to some there is going to be 3% funds.
Harvey Schwartz: And there are going to be other Volcker structures, so for example, historically, the way people may have defined CLOs, you may have included securities and depending on the very intricate definition of the rules, you may not be able to include some securities. And so however the investing activity and working with our clients’ needs to be structured, we are going to comply. I think that the Volcker Rule what it does is it outlines a set of rules where market participants can do that. Again, 3% funds, other covered structures and of course you can invest in line with our balance sheet, which is a pretty straightforward activity, but that’s really what I was trying to emphasize. You really have to go to the rules they have to determine whether you can do real estate in a particular way or not and look we will comply.
Harvey Schwartz: I think the investing process is going to be one again which is going to be driven by the opportunity set and what our clients want us to do. And so the decision of reinvest or return, we are going to continue to make the decision in the same way. If the opportunity set is not there, we are definitely not going to be a firm that’s going to force investing. We are just going to be disciplined and if we don’t take the opportunities, then we are going to look to return the capital. Now, you are certainly seeing the impact of those businesses in our capital ratios. We talked about things like the financial institution production in the past. And so there are – there is a lot of aspects to all the rules, not just Volcker, but I am actually 100% sure and I understand your question, so if we need to we connect with them afterwards and we (indiscernible) a bit more.
Harvey Schwartz: So really all driven by basically an overall decline in market volatility and then an increase a bit in positional risk, but that really is virtually all concentrated in equities as you would expect very active equity quarter, lots of activity.
Harvey Schwartz: We are always focused on any area of the business that we can grow and deliver more value to our clients. I would say given our starting position in terms of just our aggregate division in the marketplace, in terms of whether it's prime brokerage, underwriting, the derivative business, our cash business. You know one of the pretty significant position in terms of aggregate market shares. So you know we’re trying to get back to these earlier issue of all revenues aren’t created equally and so I completely understand you’re focused on quarter to quarter changes in revenues. We’re focused on delivering over the long term and it's not that we don’t look at it but there is risk in these revenues and so you really have to look at the entire set of metrics and how it's our pretext margin looked versus other people’s and how are we driving ROE. So we feel very good about our franchise position.
Harvey Schwartz: This is a very, very important question because all firms in this particular case are not created equally. The way I think for us and the entire marketplace this is our best estimate, so every quarter really no different than mark to market accounting. Every quarter we do our what is basically the best estimate in that particular quarter and we add to the reserves. Now we also obviously disclose a reasonably possible loss which you saw most recently at the end of the third quarter but this is a quarter-to-quarter activity. It is not a budgeted forward looking activity. We incorporate all the information set that we have at this point in time.
Harvey Schwartz: No again this is not a budgeted, if I knew at the beginning of 2014 that my estimable and probable number was 962, sorry at the end of 2012 I would have taken 962 in the first quarter. So I would encourage you to go in the financial statements if you look at our reasonable possible loss that’s a good disclosure item which was $4 million at the end of the third quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: So I think my predecessor also would have said we will never deliberately take more risk. It’s just not the way we are going to run the enterprise. It’s all activity driven. So that’s why I emphasize the equity number picking up during the fourth quarter.
Harvey Schwartz: So look I think the most important thing for us this year was how we found that balance in terms of achieving the 11% ROE and at the same time continuing to drive operating leverage. We feel very good about franchise position in an absolute sense, in a relative sense. So I am certainly not predicting the future, but as economic activity picks up, confidence picks up, capital markets around the world, particular regions. I think you could certainly paint an optimistic picture, but I want to be clear I am not doing that.
Harvey Schwartz: Yes. Thanks for asking the question that way, Mike. Yes, I understand this is an important issue for all of you and we are getting increasing clarity around the world sets, although the sale a fair bit too dull. When we put out an ROE target, I think first and foremost, we wanted to be credible and we wanted to be achievable. And so when you hear from us that’s what it will be. Now, between now and then, no one should get off this call thinking that we are not exquisitely focused on how we are deploying our capital and how we are focused on returns and how we are thinking about returns to our shareholders. So that was the target point today, Mike.
Harvey Schwartz: I don’t know. I can’t predict the ultimate visibility into the rules they had and what it means for markets, but when we have – but we know it’s important to you.
Harvey Schwartz: No, there was nothing in there. I think you are just seeing the natural tos and fros of client activity and markets, but there is no single item I draw your attention to.
Harvey Schwartz: So, as you know the standardized approach really is in (indiscernible) not as risk centric and so that’s not something that we had focused on as much. So things like collapsing derivative notional, which is a good thing to do for managing operational risk. So it’s really something that we are starting to focus on now.
Harvey Schwartz: Now, of course, under the transitional rules as I mentioned, we are north of a 100 basis points higher anyway. So we are going to get fully phased in numbers which we have a couple of years on.
Harvey Schwartz: So it’s early, but certainly the rule set, but that’s an example of where a rule set comes out and rule set gets behavior and in this case you are starting to see the behavior and I would think you continue to see a pickup momentum.
Harvey Schwartz: Okay so with the type of ratio there is a lots of give and get under the hood and one of the biggest drivers as you know since the final rule came out has really being the financial institutions deduction, well significant and non-significant and so that was really the most significant change in the final rule which drove it but you know for example we picked up a benefit on the sale of the European insurance business of 20 basis points but that was then offset by other risk factors. So they said it's a fair bit happening under the hood.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah I know that’s correct slightly higher and as you know operational risk, RWA they are slow moving and they are sticky.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah so I think it's a pretty straightforward answer, there is two parts. One is just about differentiated performance in fixed income and also there were funds that we have that are unconstrained fixed income products which you know are giving investors the flexibility I think and give us a more dynamic ability and managing the rate environment but really performance driven.
Harvey Schwartz: Yeah so quite frankly hard if not impossible to predict but with respect to our position and our commitment we feel quite good about how we have deployed the resources and how we have made adjustments of the resources during this portion of the cycle. You know for example we have maintained a very strong commitment to Japan. Well certain of our competitors have decreased their emphasis on Japan because you know as I referenced in my comment, the equity market haven't been in deep levels since 1972 and so we feel well positioned to capture the opportunity. Now importantly it's not about any individual region but it's the connectivity across our businesses and ability to connect for example our investment banking clients with resources in institutional client services, our securities division where we can deliver solutions globally. In Asia, people are looking to raise capital and it woo [ph] the U.S. investors that’s really where you get the synergistic leverage across the enterprise.
Harvey Schwartz: No there is not a huge shift in terms of mix although there were some adjustments certainly quarter, but what you are really seeing is and this might have been hard to predict at the end of the third quarter is replenishment, because it’s pretty active fourth quarter. And so to the extent which it’s a leading indicator it’s obviously a positive one. And I do think it reflects as I said earlier sort of global sentiment if you will in confidence and our corporate client base, but look that could change.
Harvey Schwartz: No. So IRRs are IRRs, we don’t adjust for the vehicle, if you will in terms of how we deploy that capital. So we would never allow, what do we call the term discipline to be corrupted by the particular vehicle in choice. I do think that the capital treatment can vary obviously as we talked about the financial institutions deduction and the money we have in front which obviously have to come out anyway. It’s quite significant, but the risk gets captured in any number of metrics. It will be in the capital ratios, it’s obviously stressed under CCAR. So it’s not a vehicle choice.
Harvey Schwartz: We haven’t given where we are in terms of the proposed rules obviously. And as you know, our philosophy on these things is given the regulators have provided an adequate glide path we will wait to see the final rule, before we will adjust any aspects of our business. And ultimately, you will see us run with a buffer, but we haven’t invested any energy in that yet.
Harvey Schwartz: No. Look it’s more in the context of the firm. Obviously, Europe as a region is critically important to us strategically. So we are very committed to our clients there and our people there. And so no, we will work with the regulators and we will comply accordingly.
Harvey Schwartz: So with respect of capital coming out of the business obviously the Volcker Rule is very definitive on what we need to achieve. So early on as soon as we identify that as a likely finalized rule item we announced the reduction in our hedge funds. In terms of some funds will just low off depending on the opportunity set but obviously we’re committed to complying with the rule and that’s not optional.
Harvey Schwartz: Okay I’m sorry I understand the heart of your question now. We don’t think about capital allocation in other words we’re going to deploy an explicit amount of capital to I&L because it's all return opportunity set client driven, so we will be happy to redeploy that capital if it's best use for in another part of our business and if necessary we will look through return on capital.
Harvey Schwartz: So no plans for any significant changes, if you dig under the hood a little bit the headline numbers sort of match some of the efficiencies we build. Obviously we talk about that in terms of the build out of for example our Salt Lake City office et cetera and how we’re leveraging technology and people and kind of what I will call the pyramid if you will around the organization but there are no significant plans one way or another but it will be dynamic. If you see growth opportunities then you should expect to see us add if we need to and then if the environment is less favorable we will make other adjustments but it will be dynamic.
Harvey Schwartz: I think that, the business itself has been a huge strategic priority for us and you know what you’re seeing is not the, it's not the result of a quarter’s performance. You’re seeing a multiyear commitment to the business which is you know now starting to show some differentiated yield. In terms of opportunity set look if there are opportunities that are accretive with Goldman Sachs or business and our clients you should expect us to consider anything.
Harvey Schwartz: So no change in behavior that then I would come in touch with. You know the behavioral changes have been more response to the news dynamic during the course of the year. The issues that I talked about you know what does tapering mean versus QE? What are the government shutdown mean? Those were the kind of things that were little paralyzing at times for clients I think as they contemplated the implications. Obviously over very long periods of time fund flows have an impact potentially in the short one they can when there are dramatic controls [ph] whether it's in the matter with those bond funds or equity flows but I don’t think yet we’re seeing any major change in behavior.
Harvey Schwartz: No. So we don’t disclose details on the competition there, but you should rest assure that for all – for everyone that they are – that is participating, that is receiving equity that maybe there are long-term restrictions on that. And we believe that just basically aligns the broad employee base interest with our shareholders and that’s been historically the case. Now, we thought about it for a long time. With respect to talent, we have seen some tailwinds in the ability and this isn’t recent, but certainly the last year and a half we have seen the ability to acquire talent when needed. And so now having said that, our people are always highly pursued also, but that’s not a new phenomenon.
Harvey Schwartz: So just want to thank everyone on behalf of the team here for dialing in. We look forward to seeing you during the course of the year and if we don’t see you in the next couple of weeks, we will certainly catch up with you on next quarter’s call. Thanks again everybody.
