C. Howard Nye: Sure. If we take a look at the way volumes went through the first quarter, they were down 5% in January, 7% in February and just about 13% in March. As you recall, Arnie, part of what we said for average, really, the last 2 weeks in March can make or break the first quarter. So if we're sitting here taking a look at this year's first quarter or, really, the history, it only ends up being around 17% of the volume that we have during the course of the full year. So if we'd look at the trends that we saw in the first quarter and then, frankly, come back and even see what the trends need to be for the next several quarters to get us to our range, I'm pretty comfortable with that. I mean, down 8.8% in Q1, for us to come out where we'd like to be, realistically, we need volumes up around 10% in the second quarter, around 15% in the third quarter, and we could actually see a flat-to-down quarter in Q4 and still be very comfortable with that range. So I think as we look at Q1 on a comparative basis and what we feel like the compares will be in Q2, 3 and 4, we feel pretty comfortable with that 2% to 4% that we have out there.
C. Howard Nye: Effectively, Arnie, the increases are in now as we're looking forward to the year. So what we've talked about is what we're recognizing or realizing to date. Part of what I've indicated, I think, on the call that we had at the end of the year last year, talking about this year, is I thought we would likely see even more midyear price increases than we've seen in the last couple of years. Obviously, we'll have a better feel for that when we speak next, after the next quarter results. But I think the price increases that we're talking about now, we are clearly going to reap the benefit of here over the next several quarters. Now in fairness, we did have -- and as I said in my remarks, we did have some benefit of some mix changes in those numbers as well. To put some direction to that, it's about 150 bps worth of change in the Southeast and 200 in the West. But one reason I like that, Arnie, is I see it going, really, to more clean stone in both of those markets, which tells me that we're seeing more ready mixed concrete activity. And what I would suggest to you is that has been the single weakest part of heavy side building materials now for a number of years. And the reason that I cite that is if ready mixed continues to get more healthy, I think we'll continue to see good movement on pricing in that space. I think it also gives pricing power in the other spaces as well.
C. Howard Nye: Kathryn, we clearly did see strength in Texas, but the good news is we're seeing strength in Colorado as well. If I'm looking on the downstream side in Colorado, we start ready mixed pricing up there 9% in Colorado, so nice strength in that, seeing asphalt up 6%. And obviously, we did have good momentum in Texas as well. So what I would suggest to you is, while Texas, in some respect, led it relative to the aggregates piece of it, the downstream activity that we're seeing and the pricing that we're seeing is pretty good in Colorado right now.
C. Howard Nye: Kathryn, I think the chances for midyear price increases are better this year than they've been in the last couple of years. Now, at the same time, we're early in the year, and part of what I always remind people, it's very difficult to take results in Q1 and try to extrapolate them to a full year. So I put that caution there. But I would still say I think they can be broader in our footprint than they were last year. If I look at the cost side, if from a practical perspective, at this point, Kathryn, the costs are remaining in pretty good shape. If you can tell me what you think is going to happen to energy, I can probably give you a better answer on what may happen with some of the pricing. But as we're looking right now, the energy piece of it has been pretty well behaved.
C. Howard Nye: Jack, that very much is part of the complexion. The nature of some of the jobs may change as we go through the year. So keep in mind, if you see more dirt work, and you see more new construction, it will mean more base, and you'll actually have a headwind relative to mix at that point. And I think it goes back to what I've said before, it's still early in the year, and while those trends look right, right now, and I think they're going to be good, I think we're just being cautious as we go forward here, Jack.
C. Howard Nye: I guess a couple of things, Jack. One, it's where we are, so I would come back to the where. So if we begin with the notion that we're going to have $9 billion worth of bidding in Texas, I mean, that is twice what we saw last year, and people thought last year was pretty good. We had a record DOT budget in Iowa last year, and the DOT budget in Iowa this year is bigger than last year. Obviously, we talked a little bit about what the RAMP program is going to mean in Colorado. We think that's going to be a very attractive marketplace for us. We're seeing improved activity in Florida. Again, their DOT budget is up 72% year-over-year. So when we take a look at those states that can be impact states for us, it certainly gives us confidence. The other thing that's giving me some confidence are some of the McGraw-Hill numbers that, literally, have just come out this week, which I think very much reinforce the guidance. In '13, the total change in construction that they continue to speak to is around 8%. In non-res, they're seeing up 6%; and in residential, 26% up. So they're seeing housing starts very much knocking and staying at that million level this year. And what even makes me feel better, I know this isn't necessarily your question, Jack, but as I look at what their forecasts indicate for '14 and '15, I'm seeing 2014, at least according to McGraw-Hill, up 18%; and 2015, up 20%. So I think when we take a look at the states in which we have a significant presence, take a look at what we feel like it's been some of the latest forecast that have come out, literally, within the last week from McGraw-Hill and take a look at what we think the trajectory is going forward. I think that gives some nice book-ends to all of it.
C. Howard Nye: I'll tell you more about April when we're together on this next call. But what I'll say, Jerry, if you think to what last year looked like, I mean, we came out of the gate with great vigor last year in the first quarter because we really didn't have a winter, and I think therein lies the story on what the delta is this year with respect to volumes. At the same time, as you think back to what we were also faced with in the second and third quarter last year, after we got into that early spring period, we really just hit wall in large respects with respect to aggregate volume, I think, because we were suffering from last year what we're not suffering from this year, and that was -- you had an enormous overhang from the election, and you had a great deal of uncertainty, particularly around commercial construction last year. And I think people were still trying to get their head around wholly, whether housing was back or not or whether that was a head fake. So I think if we take a look at where housing is now, and of course, you saw the March number... [Audio Gap] We're seeing commercial absorption late last year at 207,000 square feet just taken during the fourth quarter. That's the best number in that respect since 2007. Industrial vacancy in that community is below 10% right now. If we take a look at what's going on in Houston, it's got faster growth in Houston than any other large metro in the United States. So if they're looking at what they anticipate their CAGR to be from 2012 to 2017, they're looking at 5%. But here's what I'm particularly bolstered by, when we start looking, too, at North Texas, Jerry, because if you think about it, so much of what's been going on in South Texas has been energy-driven. And now what we're seeing in the first quarter in North Texas, in the Metroplex, Dallas-Fort Worth, is strong office leasing with a net 1.4 million square feet let in Q1. That's versus a negative 40,000 during the same period last year. Single-family construction in Dallas is at the highest level in 5 years. So it was up 35% from the prior year quarter. And right now, even in the Metroplex, which should -- had trailed, what we're seeing in San Antonio and in Houston, there are only around 3.5 months of inventory left on housing. So as we come back and take a look at what we see in infrastructure and commercial and that type of housing growth, and we take a look at what the numbers looked like last year in Q2 and Q3, I think those are the things that gives us the type of confidence that we have that we'll hit the volume projections that we have out there.
C. Howard Nye: It feels considerably better than it did a year ago. I think when we were coming out of this period last year, there was a higher degree, in my mind, of uncertainty around where construction was. And I think, again, that's part of what's driving the reinforcement of the end-uses and forecasts that McGraw-Hill just came out with this, Jerry.
C. Howard Nye: You know what Jerry, I will clearly go into more detail on that when we get to half-year. I think what's attractive about it right now is we're seeing up volume just about everywhere over the last couple of years, where it's been spottier. I would tell you to follow the volume. This year, with the volume trends that we're seeing, I do think they can be more widespread, but that's probably as specific as I want to be right now.
C. Howard Nye: If we do that, depending on where the volume comes, I think we would start seeing the type of incremental volume margin expansion that we've been talking about, Adam. I think one of the biggest issues that we will face, and I think the industry will face, as volume comes back is where it's going to come back. And while volume has been good across the enterprise, what you're clearly seeing is still a much healthier business in the West right now than in the East. So if it continues to be that way, that's going -- it won't push them down, it just simply makes it more challenging. Part of what I am taking some comfort in right now, though, is relative to what's happening in jobs in a number of different markets. And I think this goes directly to your margin question. North Carolina, on unemployment rates, has been sitting at #47 in the country now for a while at 9.2%. Now for the first time here, as we're really coming into March, and I'm looking at the Martin Marietta states, I'm seeing year-over-year employment rates in North Carolina for the first time moving ahead of a national average. And if we're seeing that type of economic activity here and more tonnage here, it's going to come back and help us seriously address the margin issue.
C. Howard Nye: I think it wholly depends on the time of year. But I think when you've got a weather impact in Q1, I think all it does is it pushes it to the right. So I think we can take a high degree of confidence that we're going to have a shortened construction season, but I don't think that's going to end up being problematic for the industry this year.
C. Howard Nye: Ted, let me give you a little more color to that because I think this will be helpful. If you look last year, in Q1, we used about 6.1 million gallons of diesel. To Anne's point -- this quarter, around 6.9 million gallons. With basically the same tonnage, that goes to Anne's point on what we were doing, moving about a million more cubic yards in stripping activities. And importantly, when we come back and take a look at what we're doing relative to productivity on tons produced per working man-hour, they remained almost the same from Q1 last year to Q1 this year, and keep in mind, operating in a much different and better Q1 last year than this year. So to have that degree of productivity maintained, I thought it was actually quite good.
C. Howard Nye: I typically don't give the exact number on that for competitive reasons but -- I publish that very carefully, but I can tell you it was almost spot on to where it was last year, Ted.
C. Howard Nye: You didn't miss anything on that, and actually, I'll give you at least a quick color on that. I'll go through some of the districts. If we're taking a look at just the Midwest Division, and really, that's important because they had a great quarter last year, that's where it was over 50 degrees, volume there for the quarter, Ted, was down about 16%. And again, that's one of those districts that I was talking about had a record DOT program last year, a bigger one this year. So volume down 16%, you feel like that's almost entirely weather-driven. At the same time, you come back and take a look at different districts in Texas, volume actually up in the Houston district all by itself, that's not surprising. You've got good weather there, volume actually up in North Texas. So we look at those as really 2 very different markets. At the same time, you come back and take a look at North Carolina West, meaning Greensboro, and that area, volumes down there, indicative of a pretty tough winter. And if we look even in North Georgia, again a very difficult winter, volumes down there around 11%. So those are the types of percentages that I very much would have expected with the weather we've had this year compared to last year. But that gives you some real specificity in some live markets.
C. Howard Nye: I think part of what we're seeing right now, Trey, is we think those states that are disproportionately important, at least some of them have found bottom, and we think they're improving. I think that's really important. And candidly, that's part of what we saw as we were looking at the acquisition that we made in North Georgia as well. I mean, here's some things to think about. If we look at construction employment across the United States, in Texas, which everyone gets is in a great place right now, we're seeing 5 -- 5.6% change positively year-over-year. But if I suddenly come back and take a look at South Carolina, it's 3.5% positive year-over-year, as is Georgia, as is Florida. So we're starting to see construction jobs come back in that bottom right-hand corner on the map that we keep drawing a circle around. Now North Carolina, as we said, continues to lag on construction employment. At the same time, when I'm looking at overall employment trends, North Carolina, for the first time now in years, has gone ahead of the national average. So if we look at those type of statistics, and we start looking at some of the jobs and work that's out there, particularly as we start heading into '14, it certainly gives us much greater confidence in the southeastern U.S.
C. Howard Nye: Trey, I think that's exactly the way to look at it. I mean, if you look at it right now, it has a work plan in 2013 that's 14% positive. But again, I think that's going to have more forward view to it than significant near term. So I think the way that you captured it in your words is entirely correct.
C. Howard Nye: Trey, that's a great question. And part of what I celebrate is I think we finally have put it to the acid test with respect to pricing historically. So I think we'll celebrate that here for a moment. Here's the way that I think I'd think about that, Trey, and I think we're seeing it to a degree with what we've put up this year. Part of what we have really given some thought to, is as these volumes continue to grow, particularly as they grow in advance of 5% per annum, I don't think it's going to be unusual for you to have pricing that's on a percentage basis. It's going to stick relatively close to that with a bit of a lag. So let's talk about -- let's use easy math. Let's say volume is up 10% next year. If the theory is correct, you could see them 7.5%, 8%, that's the type of lag that I'm talking about. So I think depending on how you think volumes will be and how elastic you feel like that may be, that's how I would be working with that model.
C. Howard Nye: As far as the tonnage that went to infrastructure, the down, it was also less [ph] than 5%. So it was 42% of our volumes. Commercial was 33%, Res was 14% and ChemRock/Rail was 11%.
C. Howard Nye: That's really just more using an example. If you think about it, last year, Todd, Q4 actually went on pretty long. So actually, the way that I've just kind of modeled it out of my head, we could be down as much as 3% in Q4 if you wanted to say, winter would come in early, if you had a good Q2 and a good Q3. So I think it just depends on how you want to really put the numbers at the end of those rather than in the middle. But I think you're clearly looking at double digits up in Q2 and Q3 if you want to make the 4% to 6% up. And again, based on what those quarters look like, I don't think that's a huge stretch, Todd.
C. Howard Nye: First of all, I complement you, you don't miss a thing. Todd, no, I mean, there was some mix effect. And to give you, it was 123 bps rolled up. If you want to break it down, it's about 150 for the Southeast and 200 in the West. And to really give you some sense on the way that the mix worked, in the Southeast, we went from 40% base last year to around 30% base this year. And in the West, we went from 49% clean stone last year to 56% clean stone this year. So that, at least, was the mix play that was in there. Even if you take that mix number out, I mean, still, pricing was very healthy for the quarter. I will certainly concede that. I would simply come back and say it's the first quarter. It's January, February, March. Do I like what I've seen on pricing? Yes. Do I think it could be awfully good? Yes, I think I probably do. Am I going to be cautious and say let's give this some time? You bet.
C. Howard Nye: Yes, it was Feris Point [ph]. And here's the way to think about it, Todd. They went into bankruptcy last year in May, which tells you that, as a practical matter from a month's perspective, we've already weathered, really, the worst of that. From a sales perspective, call it, probably $3 million worth of sales last year.
C. Howard Nye: The kiln is running well. It's been debugged. It's running at a rate that we anticipated that it would. We feel very good about the way our business is looking right now in Woodville and Manistee. Our teams have done exactly what we would have hoped to and 10% more.
C. Howard Nye: It's going to be both, Garik. I mean, clearly, we are anticipating that volumes would be better. I mean, so let's begin with that notion. At the same time, when we're sitting here right now with ASP up in ready mixed 9% and ASP up in hot mixed 6%, even the pace of, candidly, liquid moving down, those are pretty good numbers. To go back and give you a sense of at least what those volumes looked like last year, in San Antonio, on hot mixed, we did about 1 million tons; and in Denver last year, around 1.7 million. So that will -- and then do some rounding for the Arkansas business. If you think about what the ready mixed yards looked like in Colorado last year, around 1 -- almost 1.5 million. And in San Antonio -- I'm sorry, it's 1.5 million rolled up. In Rocky Mountain, it's around 930,000; and in San Antonio, around 0.5 million; and then call it 125,000-ish in Arkansas. That gives you a pretty good roll on the way those volumes will work. Obviously, the pricing isn't going to be the same in all of those markets, and we feel like some of those are more attractive than others. But again, the biggest single downstream component that we have right now is what we have in Colorado. And as we take a look at the way that, that business is performing right now and the way that we feel like that's going to work going forward, we've got a pretty high degree of confidence that Colorado is going to be where we'd like it to be here by the end of the year. We've got good bidding activity there, and we're seeing good residential activity, we're seeing good commercial activity, and we like the mix of business as well, separate and distinct from what's going on with the RAMP program in Colorado DOT.
C. Howard Nye: Garik, I think it is a potential risk. I'm not sure I'd highlight this as an enormous risk right now, but I think it is a potential risk. In fact, if you take a look at the areas at which we actually produced more this year than last year, it was really in 2 pretty distinct places. We did that in South Texas, and we did that in portions of Colorado. Our sense was having that material on the ground and in a position to ship it earlier rather than later might be helpful for a variety of reasons, including trucking. So that inventory build was not accidental.
C. Howard Nye: Garik, the primary thing we're focused on right now is running our business exceptionally well, and I think our teams are doing that. And to the extent that we find transactions that we think build shareholder value, we're certainly going to look at those. I mean, one of the issues that we recognize is we do want to bring down our debt-to-EBITDA ratio, and we've been very transparent about that. And if we can have that at a range of, say, 2.5x by year-end, I certainly wouldn't have my feelings hurt if that's where we found ourselves. Obviously, I think doing this Lafarge transaction makes an enormous amount of sense for us. If you take a look at the locations that we have in that Atlanta market and think of Atlanta as a clock, we've really bought some operations that are really between, say, 2:00 and 5:00 on that clock and over to the East. So if you remember what our strategic objectives are, and that's to find attractive markets and to have the #1 or #2 position in those markets, we think that's what we're accomplishing with this Lafarge transaction. And again, I think that's wholly consistent with entirely what we have been talking with the analyst and investment community about. And I think to the extent that we can do more of that, that's what you should expect us to do.
C. Howard Nye: Keith, really, right now, pending the closing of it, I'm not in a position that I can do that. But I can tell you, it's Lithonia and it's Newton and it's Morgan County quarries, and you can probably get a sense of what volumes look like there.
C. Howard Nye: Number one, it was not part of that release, as I understand it, Mike. So this is separate, so it's not in those numbers. It is 3 locations. And the Lithonia location has the biggest single block of reserves, and I don't think there's any question about that. But the 800 million number that I've put out is the permitted reserves number.
C. Howard Nye: Again, thanks for joining our first quarter earnings call and for your interest in our company. We are optimistic about our business opportunities for the rest of this year, and we really look forward to discussing second quarter 2012 results with you in July. Thanks for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta.
Anne H. Lloyd: Jack, this is Anne. If you take a look at the product mix impact for the Aggregates business as a whole, it was about 123 bps in the first quarter.
Anne H. Lloyd: Absolutely. Look at a mix -- so you got -- so that's what you picked up in the first quarter from a move from base to claims.
Anne H. Lloyd: If they're going to step up just to a little higher level, and look at volume growth or absolute volumes in the last 3 quarters of 2012 versus in 2011, that ranged from about 102 to 104 million tons that we shipped during those 3 quarters. And with the actual results in the first quarter and our guidance of 4% to 6% for the year, that infers that we need about 110 or 112 million tons to actually meet the guidance's expectations, which, as Ward indicates, really not a whole lot of volume given the strong underlying fundamentals.
Anne H. Lloyd: As you look at the aggregates product line, it's gross profit were down $9.4 million collectively, pricing strength contributed about $13 million, volume weakness took away about $22.5 million, and our costs were essentially a cush. So that $9 million, $9.4 million, essentially, just dropped straight to the bottom line, and it all came from volume.
Anne H. Lloyd: They weren't up 10%, they were up slightly, and that would infer then that, again, our variable costs didn't move a whole lot. And the reality for the first quarter is that, for the first time in several beginnings of construction seasons, we actually did some planned grading. We uncovered and moved about 18% more, about 1 million more cubic yards of dirt actually unearthed, some reserves to be prepared for the construction season, and that did affect the cost structure in the quarter. And really, our production didn't decline either. Actually our production numbers, in preparing for what's coming up in the season, were strong. And if I go back and look at the relationship to production, to shipments, it's in line with what we had historically seen as the start of a strong volume builds. So we feel real comfortable with the cost structure. But you're right, I don't think the number was up 10%, but it was up slightly.
Anne H. Lloyd: I wouldn't say that. We're usually pretty pragmatic about the guidance that we give. Our view of the 4% to 6% is reasonable. But obviously, with the depth of the volume decline in the first quarter, we've wanted to relook it to make sure that not only did our forecasts hold up, but that it actually seemed logical that -- given the fundamentals of the market. So on average, we would have to see volumes up, on average, 7% to 9% through the back half, back 3 quarters of the year to meet our targeted 4% to 6%. Do I think there's a risk to the upside? I hope so, but it's still a long 5 years. We'll see.
Anne H. Lloyd: Just as a reminder, Todd, remember volumes were actually down in the third quarter last year because of all the uncertainties surrounding the economy.
Anne H. Lloyd: And Garik, I would add that I think what you're referring to is incremental margin there is -- remember a lot of that comes from the seasonality of the earnings pattern in that business because it is -- it is so Colorado in focused. You generally have losses that you carry in that business through probably the first 4, 5 months of the year, and you make all of your money in the last 6 or 7. So I think it's really more the seasonality of the earnings pattern that you're seeing as opposed to an incremental margin concept.
Anne H. Lloyd: Yes, Mike. The core information systems upgrade project is about running at $1 million a quarter, plus or minus a couple hundred thousand, every quarter, depending on the timing. So we did have a renegotiation of our Oracle license in the first quarter of 2013. That was a onetime charge of $2 million that you'll see. That is -- part of those costs. That will provide us with a platform that is much more scalable. But that won't recur in the second quarter. You should see it get back to about $1 million a quarter.
