Howard Nye: The primary growth would have been in the Texas group primarily in the southwest group. If we take a look at really what's driving much of that Arnie, construction in San Antonio was up remarkably, construction employment was up there 7% year-over-year. In 2012 they sold nearly 20,000 homes there, that was up 10% year-over-year. Eagle Ford volume all by itself for the quarter was up 33%. So these are the types of drivers that are really pushing that market pretty hard. We still anticipate even in 2013 to have around $28 billion of money flowing into the Eagle Ford. So we feel like the Eagle Ford was obviously very good in ’12. We think it will continue to be good in ’13.  I can give you similar numbers also for Houston and DFW. But those are really the primary drivers that we are seeing Arnie. Now at the same time, what we are seeing in Colorado is actually a very attractive story as well, and keep in mind you've got a Colorado DOT that has a budget around $600 million and coming in with the ramp program which is $1.5 billion over the next five years. You are basically adding 50% to the Colorado DOT budget as we go into 2013. So what we are seeing in Texas relative to home building, what we are seeing in Texas relative to non-res particularly in energy, and what we are seeing there in infrastructure is good, and what we are seeing in Colorado with respect to infrastructure for ramp and what we are seeing going on with respect to home building is also very attractive.
Howard Nye: I think you can think about it in several ways, number one, we talked about incremental margins and said what we thought it would be over the next 40 million tons, and we think that's going to be very, very powerful. That's simply getting back to your point Arnie about half of the volumes that we’ve lost. Here's some of the takeaways to think about; our headcount is considerably lower today than it was at our peak profitability. Our efficiency as measured by tons produced per working man hour is higher today than it was at peak profitability; and our average selling price is around $2.51 a ton higher today than it was at peak profitability.  So what that tells us is if we come back with a degree of volume that you are talking about, it will be remarkably powerful to this business. The other thing that I will tell you is, where that volume comes back is going to matter a lot. I mean clearly what we have seen this year is a very healthy at least on a relative basis Western United States and believe me we will take every bit of that. But the fact is we really need the eastern US to get healthy as well because that’s a higher margin business for us. Again we celebrate what's going on in the west, but when volume comes back, Arnie it’s going to be powerful. When volume comes back in the east, it's going to be particularly powerful.
Howard Nye: Pricing again, total rolled up pricing ex-Denver was actually up 1% when you bring Denver in. It takes them the total picture down. So that does give you a sense Kathryn of how much lower pricing is in Denver relatively speaking. To answer your question on that though, we're looking at price increases across all product lines in Denver. Keep in mind you got a couple of issues in Denver relative to aggregates. Number one, it tends to be more of a standing gravel market as oppose to a crush stone market, although we do have a crush stone presence there. So we're looking to raise prices on both sand and gravel, as well as the crushed stone. But Denver is one of the few markets as you recall that we also have a vertically integrated footprint there and we are also going on with price increases on ready mix concrete and hot mix as well. Again, we've gone in to Denver and what we feel like is a leadership position, and we feel like that leadership position means coming to that market and demonstrating discipline around what we are going to do relative to production and also looking to add some value to the product as well. 
Howard Nye: What we will see increasing volumes in that Colorado market, I will tell you when we look at what shale volumes were for this year they were pretty close to 6 million tons and the biggest single slug of that was clearly coming out of the Eagle Ford. If I look at what was going on year-over-year, we clearly saw more activity in Niobrara in ‘12 then they would have seen in ‘11 and we anticipate more activity in Niobrara in ‘13 versus ’12. We see shipments in the Barnett relatively even year-over-year going into ‘13 and we feel like the Eagle Ford again it’s going to continue to be a very healthy place.  Keep in mind there were notions that Eagle Ford was actually going to back off a little bit in ‘12 and they didn’t. I think a lot of people feel like it may back off a little bit in ’13. I am not sure that we are ready to say that with $38 billion of infrastructure and otherwise going into that. If we look year-over-year as well even what we are going to see in the Mississippian which is a new formation relatively speaking will be more year-over-year. The only place I am seeing a little bit of a pull back is probably going to be in the Haynesville deposit which again is moving from a gas deposit to more of a wet deposit as you go from Arkansas, Louisiana down to South Texas. 
Howard Nye: Kathryn I think the primary weightage, we are going to have to think about that is we do simply have a largely vertically integrated component of our business that we’ve had historically. So if you want to look back at Heritage on hot mix, Heritage we used to have around 1.5 million tons of hot mix. With Denver this year we added on additional 1.7 million tons of hot mix. Traditionally Heritage we would have had around 550,000 cubic yards of ready mix, with Denver we added in excess of 900,000 cubic yards.  So as you look at that, it does change the mix of the business pretty considerably. Obviously if you take the vertically integrated component out, we indicated that the 270 basis point difference between 16.7% on the margin and the 19.4. The other thing I would mentioned to you, and it goes back to the comment that Anne, made a little while ago. If we look at the quarter for this year, we sold around $7 million tons of stone into southwest division. In same quarter last year, it was around $5.8 million tons the stone in the southwest division. So again, while we welcome and celebrate the tonnage in the West, that tonnage is not going to have the margin that you see in the East so I would suggest to you there's a geographic mix issue relative to that, I would suggest to you that the vertically integrated component is a bit different. And the other thing that I would say to you is you need to take a look at what the product mix itself was as well. As we look at the product mix there are a number of different products that I see pretty healthy tonnage movement in; we sold more sand in this quarter than we did last year, we sold more fill material this quarter than we did prior year. So I think what we discussed before, the vertically integrated component, the geographic mix and the product mix are the issues that principally drove the difference in the gross margin.
Howard Nye: You know what Trey a lot of that's going to be driven by what happens, for example, with mid-year price increases this year. Keep in mind you only recover around 25% of those even when you put them in, any year, but I think measuring to see how much the price increases that we go up with at the beginning of the year matters and I think seeing what happens with mid-year is going to matter. I think depending on that you could see that compression pretty considerably by year-end.
Howard Nye: I think we certainly could. I think we’re trying to capture some of that impact in what we put out there for you right now, Trey. So hopefully we've given that a little bit of a forecast going forward. And candidly, I hope we do. I mean if we see more base stone going out of the door, what that means is we're seeing more new projects and we're certainly seeing more planning on new projects right now. So that would be something that we would be delighted to talk with you during the course of the year, but we believe we’ve captured that in the two to four that we put out right now.
Howard Nye: I think we're getting close to that period of time. Again, I think the disproportionate driver right now Trey, is going to be what happens in North Carolina and really what happens in places like Georgia and what happens in places like Alabama and Florida as well. If those places have some volume coming through particularly North Carolina, you are going to see those incremental margins very, very quickly. But again, the fact is when you are seeing even for a quarter, we saw for example, 15% volume growth in Indiana, so if we look at the Mideast, again, it’s a bit like Texas, I am going to celebrate everyday 15% volume up in Indiana. But the primary thing that I need right now and the organization needs is that same type of percentage growth in North Carolina; if we see that then the timing to your question becomes almost immediate. 
Howard Nye: Trey, it’s all-in; so once we eclipse the one year period after the acquisition of Denver, it counts as heritage. 
Howard Nye: I can tell you, what we are looking at right now principally on ready-mix, for example in Colorado we have come out with anywhere from a $5 to a $6 cubic yard price increase in that market; so obviously we are hopeful that that will stick for the year. I think we will probably be looking at similar percentage type increases in Texas as well; we are looking at increases in hot mix as well for you know, keep in mind, much of that’s going to be driven by what may or may not happen with price of liquid as we go to the year relative to indexing. So I think you will clearly see pricing going up in hot mix is well whether it goes up at the same percentages that we are seeing in ready mix, I think it is an open question, but I’ll try to give you a pretty definitive advance particularly in the ready mix side of it in Denver right now.
Howard Nye: You know Jerry, its [JDE] upgraded, basically what we said last year, we thought we spend around $1 million a quarter for last year and for this year, so clearly we anticipate that expense going away when we get here to the end of ‘13, and it just continues to help us keep our systems and what we feel like are leading edge because we feel like having that is also awfully important to manage and caution this business when your average selling price is less than $11 a ton.
Howard Nye: Yeah, as come back and look at Keith right now, I guess the primary thing that we are seeing is we are seeing considerably more office and retail and some industrial as well. And we started seeing the industrial in parts of even the Southeast last year and we started seeing that come back in markets like Charlotte in particular; we have seen relatively good industrial in parts of the Midwest. So again, we are seeing more activity outside of the pure energy right now; what I can tell you to believe though is we will see most of that occur in what we like to refer to as the commodity belt. So if you are looking at that middle portion of the country going from Texas up to Dakota, I think you are going to continue to see an industrial renaissance in that part of the world in large part because power is getting so cheap there that you've got a lot of people moving in from around the globe simply to participate in that and its following on, on what's happened in the residential. I mean, I think we can't underestimate how powerful res is right now on driving what's happening with non-res. So what we said and when I try to spell out in the commentary is we thought we would see that 12 to 18 month lag and by the time we get to have two in 2013 we should be very much into that.
Howard Nye: Sure. Ted I think the primary thing to think about in this quarter is number one; you are really going through debugging in part on the new kiln that's there. So remember we are adding 275,000 tonnes of material coming out of the new kiln.  I think what we have been pretty much true to saying is we are going to add $20 million to $25 million of revenue at the types of margins that we've been accustomed to there. They are really going to vary somewhere call it $31 million to $34 million to $35 million, that's probably your zone.  I think one of the issues to remember in that business is when you are operating at capacity its just one or two small things that can really serve to move that margin a little bit one way or the other, a little bit of volume at one plant may do that, a large maintenance and repair project may do that as well. So as we are looking at that business again, we feel very comfortable A that the project is done and its operating the way that we would wish and that we have a year set up for next year that will be right in line with the type of estimates that we've had.
Howard Nye: And the last thing I would note for you as well is if you look at the month of December for steel capacity utilization, it pulled back to around 71.7 and if you look back at the same point in December 2011, it was a 75.2. So you saw a significant pull back in steel utilization for the month and at the same time what I will tell you is snap back to around 75% in January and as I am looking at the forecast for steel going forward, it started out in the year thinking it would probably be up around 4% to around 120 million short tonnes and I think with the slow start where they saw at least coming out of last year, many are saying it's probably going to be up around 3% for a 100 million tonnes.
Howard Nye: Sure, Ted, it primarily was we were just taking at a layer of management. So what we have it’s a flatter organization today than we did prior to that and it’s going to be a one-year payback and so you are going to get that $3 million every year. 
Howard Nye: What I think to the extent that we will have any event to discuss we will talk about in future conference calls.
Howard Nye: You know its really more Georgia driven right now than anything else, Georgia and Alabama. You have got certain degree of fixed cost there. I think part of what I am happy to say Jack, is we are starting to see some green shoots and some signs of light particularly in North Georgia that we haven't seen for a while, but that has been a corner of our business that has just been tough and has been dark.  But as I look ahead, I guess, I would suggest two things, I am seeing more infrastructure work in Florida right now that I have seen for a while, and I am pretty pleased when I am seeing there and I think everyone should be as well. And again based on some of the volume trends that I am starting to see in North Georgia, I think we feel like it is probably seen the worst of the market, but it was clearly feeling most of that during Q4, Jack.
Howard Nye: You know what, its twofold Jack, I mean that's the business, its not a Martin Marietta business, it’s a ready mix business issue across the United States, I don't think anybody is really making money in ready mix right now, I think that is industry that strives to save itself to prosperity, I think we have done a lot to cut cost in that business. I think two things need to happen now. I think it needs to have some volume and I think we are starting to see some volume come through, and the other thing that has to happen is we are going to have to recognize some pricing in that business. Those are the two things that have to happen to make it work, and it’s a business that ought to work. It’s not a business that we want to be in everywhere. It’s a business that we are going to be in, if its in a market that we think is attractive for the long term and that's why we obviously increased our exposure to it in Denver, but again I think it’s a volume and it’s a price situation and I think that's very clear right now.
Howard Nye: Actually if you think about it Garik what happened last year’s volume really spiked up pretty considerably in the first quarter, I want to say volumes up 10.7% in Q1, which meant we had to come back a lot earlier. So what we were actually seeing was a little bit of spike in M&R because (inaudible) that we had to come back earlier, we had to come back at some places where we hadn’t been for a while. If you go back to Q4 and look actually one thing that we did that I think made a lot of sense. If you look at what we are doing from the tons produced per working man hour metric, we were operating very, very efficiently during the quarter. We actually built some inventory in the quarter which is going to let us come back in the fiscal year of this year a little bit later, and obviously the more you can get out of those cold winter months before you have to start operating from a cost perspective and an efficiency perspective it’s incredibly helpful. So we did try to take some lessons learned from last year, apply them to Q4 and that's what we have going forward into this first quarter.
Howard Nye: Garik, the two to four that we are talking about doesn’t have any mid-year in that. That’s just based on what we believe coming out of the box here in ‘13. So to the extent that mid-year, that would just be help.
Howard Nye: You know, very little if anything baked in to that at all. We’ve met while we said, we will start seeing awards here as we finish up the first quarter. We might see some activity on TIFIA and have to. The biggest play that we're going to have on that we will see next year and beyond. So, I wouldn't count on a big volume pop (inaudible) on TIFIA but I will tell you that’s a wave and that wave is coming.
Howard Nye: With respect to the restructuring we had the 3.3, we had the cost relative to information systems and we have talked about the incremental overhead at Denver. Those are the three issues that we fit them right. With respect to what we are seeing on asphalt; look I hear you on the margins they don’t necessarily just knock my socks off and I think we can actually do considerably better with that. The primary thing asphalt needs is the same thing that aggregates needs right now, it needs volume, and again to the extent that we can control to our best ability what happens or doesn’t happen with liquid asphalt, the asphalt business itself particularly in FOB business could be a very attractive business. But keep in mind we have significantly doubled down on our asphalt business with what we have done in Denver; again around 1.7 million tons of asphalt in Denver this year versus what would have been 1.5 million tons in our Heritage business.  So if we are simply looking at that that give you some sense of numbers around that and one other thing is probably would noting is asphalt and Denver is not as expensive as asphalt is in the south west as well. So again if we are coming back and taking to look at market leadership in a place like Denver where we feel like we can do more, the fact is, I think we can see improvement in the asphalt.
Howard Nye: We have had such a modest asphalt component run business like we can go back and get that for you and take it offline, but I am not sure that we have here for you right now.
Howard Nye: No, I'm happy to talk really more about the volume than anything else. The Ag line business for us principally is going to be in the Midwest division and part of what we were pleased with last year I want to say and we ended up with around 1.3 million tonnes of Ag line last year, particularly in the Midwest. And I will well you Joey we really thought that was a pretty good year.  So when we came in this year at 400,000 tonnes ahead of that, we were pretty pleased if we look at just what it was in the Midwest in Q4, it was around 953,000 tonnes in the Midwest. So up very nicely year-over-year and the quarter and up nicely year-over-year for full year as well.
Howard Nye: What I think there is more of an acute need for new projects right now because that’s simply not been a place that we've been for the last several years and the emphasis because of the way the highway build has worked or candidly has not worked has been more focused on repair work for the last several years because there was not a long-term commitment from the federal government to be there to match the state. So to the extent now the states feel like they literally had a two-year path ahead of them to let some major projects. We think that's what we are more likely to see. Keep in mind, having two years of visibility today means that some place that we as an industry haven't been since 2007, and I think when Ray LaHood came out after MAP-21 was put in, he was pretty clear in saying that there was pent up demand in the new project sector as well.  Again if we go and take a look at some of the different markets and in which we are participating and seeing activity right now, that's clearly what we are seeing in places like Florida, particularly central Florida and up. We are seeing an enormous amount of infrastructure activity in North Texas. Iowa DOT has got a record DOT program this year. So again even as we come back and reflect on what Virginia maybe trying to do with what its just easing through today, I think we feel like the larger projects will likely dominate at least over the next several years. But the nice thing is you always have to have the maintenance and repair.  The only issue relative to the margins the other part of your question that I would again come back and say is to the extent that you are seeing more base stone go out for some period of time on new projects, that does tend to be a product that's priced call it 30% less than a clean stone. So that's simply part of the reality. At the same time being in a position to move that base out is a nice place for us to be.
Howard Nye: Thanks again for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings call and for your interest in Martin Marietta. This year we anticipate building a momentum generated from our 2012 performance and look forward to discussing our first quarter 2013 results with you in May. Thanks for your time today and for your continuing support of our company.
Anne Lloyd: And I will add to that Arnie, you can take the State of North Carolina. If you look at our top five states, Texas, North Carolina, Iowa. North Carolina needs to come back more healthfully.
Anne Lloyd: And Kathryn while we moved some material into the Bakken early in our entry into the energy sector, we really aren’t getting much material in there, we are really concentrating on this other formation.
Anne Lloyd: But Kathryn if you look at the 270 basis points impact on the fourth quarter margin that Ward laid out, it ranged throughout the course of the year to be an impact of about 190 points at the low to a high of about 420. So its, the median really was about 270, but it will ebb-and-flow obviously with the peak impacts seen in the higher production quarters of the second and third.
Anne Lloyd: Yeah, Trey you definitely will see improvement in that degradation and again that was 270 points as a median for the year. It did fluctuate during the course of the year, but particularly as we see ready-mix pricing begin to take hold more strongly in all of our markets, I think you will begin to see that margin compression go away.
Anne Lloyd: And just as a reminder Trey, I mean we are talking about the entire vertical business which includes Colorado, Texas and Arkansas, so you are going to look at the interplay in all of those markets.
Anne Lloyd: I think a differentiator for us has got to be our ability to get into the energy play particularly if you are looking at our sector. And that does drive good solid performance in non-res and the other component of that, I mean most our of shipments have been called what I would call direct shipments into the energy field but there's going to be indirect development that continues to go on around that, whether that would be in the infrastructure component or in the non-residential component just to support everything that goes on in and around the oil field services. 
Anne Lloyd: But on the revenue line, Ted, if you look there were a couple of items that were driving there, you were correct we did have $3 million of pick up from the new kiln because the guys delivered that project just beautifully. We did have lower (inaudible) sales in our specialty business that (inaudible) is a product that's used to line the refractory mix instead of kiln and then we did have some impact of the bankruptcy of RG Steel that effected the sales.
Anne Lloyd: You got it. I mean that core business running at capacity means that it can even flow but it should be with transient factors, it's something permanent in the core business.
Anne Lloyd: That’s one of the reasons we want to make sure that reiterated that the business is running at capacity. Obviously, we will have increased revenues in profits that will be generated from the new kilns. Since that’s a 20-year take or pay project and those [tonnes] have already been [taken] for, but on the core business you are to a point where you really don’t have additional product to go out and generate more revenues I mean you don’t the product to sell then what will happen on that core business is that you will see that the pricing will be what’s going to drive organic growth and then our ability to continue to control the costs and those costs, steal utilization and natural gas pricing. So those are those things look like they are in pretty good shape but you should not expect us to replicate the gross profit growth that we have seen there organically. 
Anne Lloyd: Yeah, we didn't have to feel under absorption of fixed cost, we do have a little bit of increased freight cost that effected it, as we move that volume and we haven't move the whole lot of volume there, so that hit in the fourth quarter.
Anne Lloyd: Jack I hate to ever speculate on what we would or wouldn't do, because obviously we may have a number of things that we might be looking at under confidentiality agreements. But as a practical matter what I will tell you is the businesses that we like are businesses that have high barriers to entry, and being in the crush stone business as oppose to some degree of sand business really brings that there. The other thing that we have been really sensitive to is making sure that we operate with a safety and environmental sensitivity that's important. There are a number of issues around frac sand in particular that I'm mindful of and that we are watching carefully as an industry. So I'm not sure I've answered your question directly, I'm not sure that I can answer your question directly but I'll try to give you a sense of the types of things that move us more than others.
Anne Lloyd: And they are for all Garik, I mean if I think about the categories of costs, I mean depreciation should be D&A should be about same as it is this year, really just general wage inflation and general cost inflation across the board. I don't think, balanced for usage and I don't think we've seen anything in our planning process that has such cost spiking up unusually. You know, I'll always caveat that the diesel fuel is a little bit of a wildcard, that even our planning for that, I think should hold pretty well barring any kind of unforeseen consequences out of that.
Anne Lloyd: And Mike, I would add to that that we are at various times try to take advantage of the physical storage of liquid, if we can get a good price on that, and with liquid price up over 18% last year on average, if we can get just some of our consumption handled on the physical (inaudible) we can have better performance there.
Anne Lloyd: Yeah, its really had a whole lot of asphalt volume and so probably those peaks wont be reflective of what the future is going to be.
Anne Lloyd: I am sorry, Mike, the Denver overhead is not in the corporate charge, it’s in the title SG&A. So that corporate charge is going to be the systems upgrade on severance cost or restructuring cost as well as think there is some incentive compensation cost included in that.
