C. Howard Nye: Absolutely, Arnie. Really, it may fall in several key buckets. I guess, number one, we can look at some money that we spent typically bringing the acquired businesses that I spoke to in Atlanta really up to the type of level that we would expect. We spent a little bit over $3 million doing that in that market. If we take a look at what happened in Denver, you heard me reference the historic flooding that occurred there. We spent around $800,000 in repairs and other things in Colorado along the front range attributable to that single event, but I'll tell you perhaps even more notably is we think the profit impact for the quarter was probably $2 million down for us in Colorado, around $0.04 per share. So that's notable all by itself. And then lastly, and this one was odd for us, Arnie, we had about a $2.6 million debt on workers' compensation. As many of you have heard me say in the past, safety is the core function here in Martin Marietta and we've had 2 incidents earlier in the year that were serious that are atypical for us. And it's not the way that we do business, and it's not the way we like to go about doing the things that we do, because it affects people's lives. It also affects your bottom line and that had about a $2.6 million effect. If we go back to and really take those atypical items and then I try to outline, Arnie, what we would see is cost per ton would line up more with about 6.54 [ph] this quarter versus 6.56 [ph] in the prior quarter. So you can actually see, they had a rather profound effect on the cost to the quarter.
C. Howard Nye: I think what you hit is the weather piece of it, Arnie. Remember, we picked up a much, much bigger piece of asphalt paving when we bought the assets in Colorado. If you go back to prior year, what you'll see is our asphalt tonnage was around 3.2 million tons, external was around 1.6 and internal around 1.5. So when we're watching asphalt tonnage go down, it's really the flooding that's in Colorado that hit that in the most profound way. So if I step back and simply measure it, what I can tell you is, on a year-to-date basis, 58% of our asphalt tonnage has been in Colorado. So when you've got that kind of a headline number in that market that has a 500-year event, it will certainly hit that percentage pretty hard.
C. Howard Nye: Garik, that's a fair question. Obviously, you've heard us say in the past how we feel like once we get some significant volume growth, pricing on a percentage basis, we believe, will start to follow that volume growth on a percentage basis as well. And I think that's very much what we've seen this year. What I like about what we've seen in this year, in particular, Garik, is we're looking at a very, very flat year. And the types of pricing that we thought we'd see, frankly with more volume, and I think we would've had it but for the Q2 weather effect has actually held up very nicely. And I think to underscore that, and I think this helps you build toward next year. You are looking at 2.6% pricing up in the quarter. But if you really go and take a look at the mix effect that we had, it really would have a great handle on it if it was more normalized, because what I will tell you is we saw some big jumps in the quarter in base and in sand and in screenings. And we actually saw some pretty notable drops in riprap. So in other words, we're selling more lower-priced products and less higher-priced products. Remember, too, that during the last call, I spoke to the fact that we had seen midyear price increases in around 11% of our markets versus really that 2% in the prior year. So when you take what I feel like has been the type of growth that we've seen this year and the mix effect that we've seen, I think when you come back and try to start modeling yourself on what that's going to look like next year, hopefully, that's giving you some direction. We'll obviously talk in much more detail about the pricing when we come out with the full year results in February. But I think that should give you at least an eye on it.
C. Howard Nye: I think you might see some of that. But I think you might see some of that for good reasons, and here are the good reasons that I would go to, Garik, and that is, if I'm really looking at some of the major projects that we either have or that I think we're coming up. There is the moment [ph] . I'd really break it down into 2 different buckets, and I'll give you a drive across the geography, but I think this helps you get a mix piece of it. And right now, in Dallas, there's $5 billion of highway projects that we think will be there in 2014. That's up from $3 billion in 2013. To put things in perspective, the North Carolina's DOT budget is $3 billion. We're talking more than that just in DFW. I think when we go back to what we talked about in Colorado, I mean, the numbers that I'm saying coming out of Colorado are in excess of $400 million relative to just the work that has to be done to repair the flooding. That doesn't have anything to do with the RAMP program that's there as well. Even as we suddenly turn and come Eastern Mississippi and take a look at $1.2 billion of upgrades at the Orlando airport, or the I-4 project in Florida, all these will be starting, in many respects, with base and they're working their way up. Same issues with a $1.2 billion light-rail program in Charlotte, a lot of work at Douglas Airport. And then -- that's just in infrastructure. If we come across and look at what's going on in nonres, we're seeing considerable work in a number of geographies right now. What Boeing is doing in South Carolina is of major significance. Both MetLife and Citrix are coming here to the Triangle. What we've seen as far as data storage in Nebraska and Iowa has been absolutely amazing. I mean, big, big projects at Facebook, Google and Microsoft. And in Iowa, by itself, MidAmerican Energy's announced a $1.9 billion wind investment in that state. The reason that I go through that, Garik, because if you've got that degree of new projects starting, I think you can expect to see a higher degree of base going to a number of those. But the good news is, you're also going to see, during the fullness of those projects, clean products going through as well. So I think that's just important color for you to have as you think about the pricing trends and what the volume mix may be.
C. Howard Nye: Garik, if you think back to it, I mean think of it in this terms. Residential housing segment for us at its low, let's call it 7-ish, 6%, 7%. Res for us at peak back in 2006 was around 21%. For the quarter, this quarter, res was around 13%. For the same quarter last year, res was around 8%. But here's what I think is happening, Garik, as we look at res. You've seen mostly a large explosion in multifamily residential over the last, let's call it, 18 months. You're seeing more and more single-family residential right now. You're seeing considerable lot absorption. And what's going to end up having, I believe, is you're going to see more and more single-family housing and you're going to see more subdivision development. Remember, part of what I discussed before, relative to housing is, we would end up being a laggard in housing this time because you have so many subdivisions that have the infrastructure built into them, that in the early phases of it, it would be about sticks and bricks. And what we have right now is western construction is not so much about sticks and bricks, but it's starting to be more about subdivisions. And now what we're starting to see, and I think certainly in the markets here in the East Coast anecdotally, you'd notice as well, it's becoming more mature and we are seeing subdivisions. So I would expect to see res go up, but what I would tell you, in normalized time, I wouldn't really expect residential to be much more than 14%, 15%, 16% of our volume anyway. So when we're getting in that 13% frame, that's not a bad place to be. But we will get the knock-on effect in nonres from it.
C. Howard Nye: Yes, I think we just brought it on a smidge. I think part of what we're trying to sort out, too, Todd, is really what can we expect in some of the markets that has had better residential activity. I mean think about Colorado right now. I mean, that's one of the markets on res that's doing considerably better than others. And I think part of what we're trying to sort in our minds is how long can we expect that season really to last in that type of market. So we're just trying to measure that out very carefully right now.
C. Howard Nye: No, it is starting to pick up. And we actually saw some decent volume growth there. Kind of the biggest single issue in a market like Atlanta is it fell so far. I mean, we're operating in the teens as far as recovery on volumes in that market right now. So it's just a very volume-challenged market. But we are seeing North Georgia getting considerably better. What I can tell you for example from the Lafarge quarries that we picked up during the quarter, we sold almost 380,000 tons of material from those quarries just in Q3. And what you will have noted in the comments that I had is I did refer to Atlanta as a rebounding market and I do think that's where it is. Again, we're seeing good -- a lot absorption there and we're seeing much better volumes. It's got a long way to go. But the nice thing about the Southeast right now is a little bit of volume in that market is really very, very powerful. And you can see that a little bit of volume, actually, from a changing gross margin added 200 basis points to that market right now. So yes, it's getting better and we think it will continue to get better. We don't think it's going to get explosively better, but we think it's on the right trajectory right now, Todd.
C. Howard Nye: They need to start running projects, Todd. It's inconceivable in so many respects that we're sitting here today and 2 projects that've been led [ph] . And, by the way, they're both in Chicago. As we sit here and simply do our topside math, there are $46 billion worth of applications that are in right now, $46 billion. If we come back and take a look at the Martin Marietta markets, it's nearly $16 billion worth of work that we're going to have a very, very good and legitimate shot at right now. I guess my sense is we're probably going to see 2 or 3 more TIFIA projects, probably come out before the end of the year. But everything that we're hearing tends to indicate we're going to start seeing it come out in much more healthy chunks as we go into the New Year. But what has to happen, Todd, is they need to put some contracts out there and get it done. As I'm looking at the list that I have right now, I see there's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 projects right now under review. And again, as we've said, only 2 of them had, had the credit agreements actually executed. And again, this is under the new TIFIA projects as you noted.
C. Howard Nye: If you think about putting all the flooding lies, I mean it was truly in Denver Metro and principally north of there. I mean, some of the worst flooding was in Boulder. If you're at our single largest quarry in that market, specification aggregates, you are looking right into Boulder. So what I would tell you is we're in a very good place to be able to supply those projects. The other thing that I like about it, Chris, is we've got good, hard rock in that market. A lot of what's being fed in that market, the farther north you go are from Louisville deposits. And some of the Louisville deposits I think were probably hit pretty hard with that flooding. So I think it's twofold. Number one, I think we'll have a nice place to be very helpful and supply materials going forward. And I do think in many respects, there's going to be some depletion plays that will benefit us from Boulder.
C. Howard Nye: I think it's 2 different opportunities. I think the opportunity number one is where you position your business relative to markets. You've heard me say in my prepared comments that our long-term aim is to have a #1 or #2 position in markets that we think have near-term and long-term economic attractiveness. So if we pause and reflect on what that means for us, as we look at the swap that we did last year, Denver, Colorado for the River business, we think from our business, that was really a very constructive thing for us to do. We think that added considerable shareholder value. I think you can and should expect us to continue to look for swaps and to engage in asset exchanges on a tax free basis. It's a very efficient back of transaction to improve our market position. So I think that's one thing you can expect. I think as we turn our attention here to the corporate office, as part of what Anne was saying in response to an earlier question, is we had made some investments here in different functions. Part of what we're talking about regularly is functional excellence in this organization, in the corporate office, throughout our business as well. And we think that we can continue to get better, faster, cheaper at everything that we do. Part of what we're sensitive to, pricing, to your point, Adam, has been a great story. But we're still selling the product for less than $11 a ton. And at the end of the day, when that's the world that you operate in, you better be good on cost, because if you aren't, you're going to be out of business. So improving our markets, moving our business the way that we need to and being focused on functional excellence in addition to the volumes are the types of things that I think you should headline for us.
C. Howard Nye: Yes, absolutely. Trey, as you would recall, during the last teleconference, we spoke about the fact that we were seeing double-digit markets with midyear price increases on them. And we also said that as a practical matter, you're only going to capture a portion of that in the back half of the year because you're going to end up protecting customers on larger jobs on which you quoted them. So the midyear price increases that we discussed during the last conference call are in place, and they're going forward, as you would imagine. The primary thing that, that does, I believe, is it raises the bar on what your pricing can be going into the New Year. Obviously, we haven't given you any pricing guidance yet for '14, and we'll do that very, very early in '14. But the midyear price increases that we discussed were far more -- they're wider and more in dollars and cents than they were in the previous year, and we think that bodes well for next year in particular.
C. Howard Nye: In '12, it's 2. If we go back and recall, we have gotten midyear price increases in San Antonio and we've gotten midyear prices in Houston, and that was really good. So you're talking double digits versus 2 markets last year. So it was a dramatic change year-over-year.
C. Howard Nye: Here's the way you can think of it, Trey. Last year, we sold a little bit over 6 million tons to these different shale plays, and we think it will be slightly up versus where it was last year. What's fascinating though is to watch the way the movement works between these different plays. What I would tell you, Eagle Ford for us is clearly the single largest one, and we're looking at tonnage there that's relatively flat. Now, when we were having this conversation at the beginning of the year, we thought it would be relatively flat in Eagle Ford. I think people were dismissive of that. But now as we've come back and taken a look, part of what I really like to see is the plays like Marcellus, they've gotten much better this year. We're seeing about 0.5 million tons up year-over-year into the Marcellus. And then we also have a new entry into the [indiscernible] play, which is more in Oklahoma, and we think we're going to pick up nearly 200,000 tons there. So year-over-year, last year, slightly over 6 million. This year, a smidge more than that. But keep in mind, the thing that we haven't really seen yet, we're about to see it, is going to be the follow-on effect of DOT linings to come back and start to cure these roads, particularly farm-to-market roads in South Texas that have been destroyed by this heavy traffic. I've seen some bidding activity literally just this week on that. So that's been a very quiet issue that's been out there, but we know it's been building, and I think that's something that you're likely to see the knock-on effect out as we go into 2014.
C. Howard Nye: Trey, you're right. I mean, that's a crystal ball that I wish had because I could do something else, not that don't love this. Trey, I guess I think of this. I think there's more consensus around at this time than there was last time. Let's start with that notion. At the same time, for me to sit here and suggest to you that I think there's going to be a single [indiscernible] from MAP-21 to the next highway bill, I just don't think it's genuine, because I don't think Washington can do that, frankly. Do I think they'll go through 9 CRs like they did last time? No, I don't think they'll go through 9 CRs. But I think Barbara Boxer is taking a very constructive role in the Senate to try to push this along right now. At the same time, we've got new leadership in the House and I think Congressman Shuster is taking a very, very productive approach on that. I think the bipartisan spirit that we're starting to see around highway funding is a very different conversation than we were seeing 2 years ago. So my sense would be, Trey, do I think we'll have a CR or 2? Yes, I think we probably will. Do I think we'll have 9? No, I don't. Do I think we might see more than a 2-year bill? Yes, I think we probably will. So again, if that's worth what you're paying for right now, Trey, I guess that's probably where I would be.
C. Howard Nye: Yes, that's exactly right. It's about $1 million, Ted. That's the quick way to think about that. We've taken a #4 kiln and #7 kiln and had some work also on #6 kiln all during the quarter and [indiscernible] spent about $1 million.
C. Howard Nye: Ted, the biggest single driver that's going to be if we get the growth across the business. If we get it widespread across the business, I don't think there's any reason that you shouldn't expect to see that. Yet again, if the West continues to be disproportionately better than the East, it's more challenging, because the Eastern markets tend to be higher priced and more profitable. But if we really see these Eastern markets start to get some traction, and we are starting to see places like Charlotte get well and we're starting to see places like Atlanta get better, if we see that type of trajectory, I think what you're saying is right in the target zone.
C. Howard Nye: As we come back, I think the places that I have the most resilience around, we've got a good looking backlog at least as a projects that I'm looking at are nonres in potential -- I mean, in particular. So I think we'll continue to see nonres grow and I think we'll see that growth across the United States. And again, I tend to believe, Ted, that on the housing piece of it, where we are again, primarily a Southeast and Southwest company, the type of housing growth that we're going to see particularly as we start making that transition from less multifamily to more single-family, I think those 2 places add up a pretty good punch. And again, when you come back with nonres at 30% of the business and you come back at res, let's call it 13%, 14% of the business. Again, I liked what I saw in trajectory in ChemRock and Rail. I was seeing balance volumes going up with BN [ph] , with UP and with Kansas City Southern. And with the type of footprint we have there, suddenly, we're well over half of our volumes right there in those 3. And I have a -- and I feel pretty good about that, Ted.
C. Howard Nye: Here's the way to think of it, Ted. I mean we've really been spending about $1 million a quarter on the information system. Really, if we come back and look at Q3, it's probably about $1.5 million, and we're bringing in for landing here so as we ramp that up. The pension expense, if you got a good sense of what discount rates will be at year end, that's going to be really your driver on what that's going to look like. And again, as we look at this year, we had $1.5 million for the quarter professional expenses tied back to that notion of functional excellence. And those are all costs that I wouldn't think would be repeating into next year. And the fact is, we anticipate getting benefit from those investments next year.
C. Howard Nye: Jerry, I think that's exactly what it is. I do think it's early on, on that end and I think going back to that mix conversation that I was having early on the call, if part of what I think, when I'm seeing sand volumes up, let me give you a sense of it, Jerry. Sand volumes were up almost 630,000 tons in the quarter. That's a big number. What that tells me were a lot of [ph] ready mixed going out the door in some respects. And again, that's going to all be structural type of work, and I think it's disproportionate on that, if that's going to be into nonres projects right now. So when we're seeing let's start thinking about markets like Denver, start thinking about markets like Des Moines, start thinking about markets like Houston and San Antonio and even back in places like Dallas. And again, what we're seeing in markets today like Charlotte or even heading down into Charleston, South Carolina is a very, very different field as you and I would have been having at the same time a year ago. So I think your notion around commercial and product mix and ready mix in those markets, and either us supplying ready mix to some of them or the products to ready mixed players is a good way to think about it.
C. Howard Nye: The short answer is absolutely, Jerry. What's remarkable about the concrete business, if I look at the 2 principal geographies, which we're in the concrete business, here's a pretty big austerity in average for selling price between one and the other. And the ones that really has the higher selling price, we also have the ability to do more with pricing in the period. And I think you'll continue to see that market get much better. Remember in my prepared remarks, I talked about ready mix pricing being up 7.1%. And my sense has always been that's the single weakest link in the heavy building materials side, and when you're starting to see that type of pricing growth in ready mix, I think that's a very, very good sign for the balance of the industry.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, it's really more looking at something that we just had to say may feel normal like in weather. What I remember last year in particular, our team in Colorado was doing some downstream work into December. And that's a great result and that's great for them and maybe they do that again this year, but my guess is, it's a rare year where you're paving in December in places like Colorado. I was there yesterday in the morning, it was 20-some degrees. So if it's a normal weather, I think that's at least how we're having to plan for it right now. And we're going to pray for better.
C. Howard Nye: Listen, thank you again for joining our third quarter earnings call and for your interest in our company. We're dedicated to our disciplined approach to managing our business and increasing long-term value for our shareholders, and we look forward to talking with you about the fourth quarter and full year when we're together in February. Thanks so much. Bye-bye.
Anne H. Lloyd: Yes, that's not an inappropriate run rate. Because most of the excess costs have been at the corporate level with whether it be our information systems project or other initiatives that we've been working on. So the aggregate SG&A should stay relatively constant.
Anne H. Lloyd: There shouldn't be anything seasonal, not when it comes to that type of -- there are some per capita charges that go through there, but it's not materially consequential, Todd.
Anne H. Lloyd: That should come in as we move into 2014 with the end of the IT project as well as some other initiatives that we had going on this year.
Anne H. Lloyd: Yes, and then you also look at coal. Coal is about $1.5 million. As we get that $2.5 million in the Specialty Products business, that's really completely reconciled prior third quarter to this third quarter.
