Ward Nye: Thanks, Jim. To conclude, we’re proud of our record first half results and industry-leading safety performance and remain highly confident in our outlook for the balance of 2021. Martin Marietta is well positioned to capitalize on emerging growth trends that are expected to support sustainable construction activity, both in the near and long-term. As we soar to a sustainable future, our focus remains on building the safest, best performing and most sustainable aggregates lead public company, thanks to our disciplined execution of SOAR, commitment to safe and efficient operations and our dedication to both commercial and operational excellence. Today Martin Marietta is superbly positioned. We’re confident in Martin Marietta’s ability to deliver sustainable growth and superior shareholder value in 2021 and beyond. If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we will turn our attention to addressing your questions.
Ward Nye: No, happy too, Stanley. Good morning and nice to hear your voice. So, you’re right September one is going to be an important date in cement. We’re taking that pricing up as you indicated $8 a ton. But as we also indicated during it when we were at the end of the first quarter, we thought we would see more mid-year price increases than we’ve seen in years past. That’s entirely what’s happening. If we’re looking on the aggregate side first and look at our East Division, we’re looking in a number of places for $1 a ton on clean stone, $0.50 a ton on based on all effective July 1. So that’s something that that we put into effect. But equally, we’re looking at aggregate price increases mid-year in the southwest division. So for example, in North Texas, and for purposes of this read Dallas-Fort Worth, we’re looking at $0.50 to $0.75 of time on September 1. In Austin, we’re looking more at $1 a ton on August 1. At Hunter Stone, which was one of those sound centers Houston TX, where we have the quarry in conjunction with a cement plant in New Braunfels. We’re looking $0.50 to $1 a ton on August 1 and a Garwood down just outside Houston, Sand Gravel facility looking at $1 a ton there. So that’s what we’re seeing on the stone side of it. Now equally, and I think this is important, Stanley. We’re looking for that also in readymix, particularly in Texas. So, we’re looking for ranges anywhere from $4, a cubic yard in Austin, and in East Texas, up to $6 a cubic yard in North Texas. So, if we think about what we’re seeing in mid years, we’re seeing it in aggregates, we’re seeing it in the east, we’re seeing it in the southwest. We’re seeing it in cement and our uniquely Texas business today. And we’re also seeing in readymix in Texas. So again, the type of backdrop that we anticipated, we will see Stanley I’m happy to report that to you.
Ward Nye: Yes. So what I’ll say relative to the grinding capacity again, that’s something that we’re finishing that we’ll be adding to Midlothian. So you’ll hear more about that as we go into 2022. Again, that’s a market that we believe simply needs that. With respect to the maintenance in cement, you’re exactly right, if you think back to 2020. Part of what we indicated coming into 2021 is that we would spend more in cement maintenance. In fact, we had indicated to the market early on, that we thought we would spend about $6 million more on kiln and finish mill outages in 2021 than we did in 2020. And really Q2 was the time to do that. So if you’re looking at the delta, on what we did last year in Q2, and what we did this year in Q2, on cement maintenance, it was about $7.3 million difference. So, we spent that much more in Q2 than we did last year. So in other words, that full annual difference that we had anticipated that you should expect. We pretty much did that in Q2. So what we’re expecting is a very comparable smooth run here in the second half of the year. And frankly, we’re expecting better margins in that business in the second half of the year as a consequence.
Ward Nye: No, you bet Kathryn. So several things. Let’s talk about the margin piece at first, because as Jim indicated, in his commentary and there was prepared, energy was up $24 million for the quarter. So I mean, that’s a big number. And if we look at diesel fuel all by itself that was up almost $15 million. So, if we go and look at our diesel fuel usage that was a little bit over 12 and million gallons, excuse me a diesel fuel up about $1.11 per gallon. So if we go and pull that energy piece of it out and look at the margins, actually, what you’ll see on the margins across the enterprise is that adjusted gross margins actually improved over Q2, 2020. What that tells me, Kathryn is the underlying performance of the cost side of the business is actually doing extraordinarily well. So, what I’m pleased with is the underlying cost is doing well. And we’re seeing the price move forward in a way that we thought that we would particularly as the economy continues to improve. Now, with respect to your question on guidance, in particular, you’re right, some had some things moving around one, we did just drop in what we had indicated verbally before, and that was we expect $60 million of EBITDA contribution from the acquired Tiller operations. Equally, if we’re looking at our cement business that has noted for intended, whether the deep freeze in Texas in February and then as we indicated an extraordinarily wet Q2. We’ve taken cement down a little bit and of course, readymix is going to follow that so we pulled that down a little bit. And asphalt and paving in Colorado had a very challenging year-over-year or so we pulled those down. But we’ve equally taken Magnesia Specialties, backup. So those are some of the broader puts and takes that we have, if we look overall at the pricing, we’ve really not changed price. And we’ve kept that very consistent with where we thought, keep in mind the mid years that we’re putting in will not affect pricing that much this year is setting the stage even more robustly for 2022. And we did pull aggregate volume down just a hair in large measure. We’re just looking at the days left in the year. It’s not an indication of any lack of robustness in the market. At some point, today’s just get shorter. So Kathryn, I hope that answers your series of questions.
Ward Nye: Thank you for the question. So a couple of things. One, if we think about volume guidance in the second half, whether it’s implying is basically about a 4% increase in volume in the second half. And you’re right, what we’re anticipating is we’re going to see some accelerating pricing. A number of the things that we seen during the first half of the year that I think is important is we’ve seen considerably more bass work than we have before. I think that’s actually good, because as you may recall, base work ends up turning into finished work on top of that. So you’re going to see several things. One, we believe North Carolina, Georgia, and the East will continue to perform actually quite well. If you’re looking overall at the volume. And again, the volume is going to have some degree of impact on ASP if you think about geographic mix. The East Group in the first half was up 7%, excluding, Tiller, it was up 4%. But it’s important to note that Tiller’s pricing is about 30%, lower than heritage, Martin Marietta. So that actually gave us a modest headwind. So if we’re looking at what I think will be more clean stone sales most likely in the second half of the year have continued good performance in the East. And in some instances, we were selling some products that were in reserve. And typically those tend to go for a relatively lower average selling price. I think it does back in triangulating around the number that you had indicated. And yes, we continue to have good confidence around that in the back half of the year.
Ward Nye: Well, I think you clearly will get some benefit from mid years in the second half. Now, the fact is, most of that, as we discussed, rate is going to play more into next year. I think the other thing that we saw a bit in the first half is we did see a bit more maintenance and repair. And some of that was tied in to the acquisition activity as well. So we think that’s going to moderate itself. So I think that’s clearly going to come back and help on the margin piece of it. I think the other thing is, if we simply look at what was happening in Texas, and in Colorado, it’s difficult to be as efficient as you want to be when you’re dealing with those high degrees of rainfall as well. So we’re entering a period of time that typically is drier, we’re entering a period of time that some of the mid years will play in, we’re entering a period of time where I think we’re going to see more clean stone going relative to base. And I think we’re entering a period of time, that you’re likely to see less maintenance and repair because in many respects, people are simply blowing and going in Q3. So, I think you take that combination of factors, I think it comes back and addresses some of the margin questions I’ll turn to my colleague, Mr. Nickolas, and he has anything he wants to add to that, Trey.
Ward Nye: Look, thanks for the question very much on that. And obviously, we’re all watching what happened in the Senate last night? I guess the good news is I’m not sure that here we were that surprised by so look, based on the way that we see it. It’s that overall proposal, trillion dollars, five years $550 billion in new spending. And really, if we’re looking at roads and bridges Trey, that’s going to be by our math, about $110 billion, that’s going to be around $39 billion for public transport, another $66 billion for rail, and keep in mind with the largest balance producer in the country, $25 billion for airports and about $17 billion for ports. So, I mean, that’s going to be a lot of work. What does that mean? Overall? I think it means several things. One, its recognition that it’s overdue. Number two, it’s a recognition that at least from our perspective, Trey, and you heard in prepared remarks. Having watched this business for a long time in this industry for a long time, typically 40 some percent of our products is finding its way to highways, bridges, roads and streets. And we’ve been in the 30s for the last several years. And that’s really evidence of the fact that there’s not been the level of investment at the federal level that was needed. So if we’re looking simply the senate bipartisan plan, and we’re looking at what that means from a percentage up from baseline, FY 2021 appropriations and invest, it’s up about 46% from the baseline. So this is not a trifling number. And what I really liked about it, too, is if you look at the vote last night on basically the closure motion, what you’re going to find is 67 senators voted for this, and among them was Mitch Mcconnell. And so when we start looking at where Senate leadership is, and who really came along to move that vote along, it was some pretty notable players. And the other thing that I think is important is obviously the pay for us are going to matter. And this and when we look at the pay for us at least, how they’ve been pulled together in the senate version, you’ve got a lot of repurpose, COVID relief that’s going into this. You’ve got some unused unemployment insurance that’s going into it. And then obviously, they’re going to be looking at it degrees of economic growth that’s going to be derived from the program’s investment. In other words, dynamic scoring, that’s also going to be a piece of it. So the fact that it got that degree of a vote that it got that type of support from senators [indiscernible] Senator Portman is an McConnell. We think it’s important and we think it helps put the industry in attractive place, not just from an infrastructure perspective going forward. But we believe residential is going to remain strong. We think heavy non-res is going to remain strong, and we think res is going to inflect. That light portion of non-res. Long story short, we think this bill, if it’s pushed forward into law, and we believe it will be before the FAST Act expires, puts the industry in a very attractive place for a multiyear run trend.
Ward Nye: Phil, that’s a great question. And I would submit to you it’s not so much driven by tightness right now. I think it’s driven more by what is anticipated; I think is driven by a much higher degree of confidence. If we’re looking at the condition of most DOTs in the East States, DOTS are actually in a very, very good place. For example, if we look at where North Carolina Department Transportation is, I mean, their financial issues are very much in the past with 22 lettings a $2.7 billion. That’s up. I mean, if you can imagine 260% from the prior year. So if we’re looking at what’s happening relative to homebuilding in these markets, if we’re looking at what’s going on with respect to infrastructure, if we’re looking at a very healthy non-res environment as well in the East, it all looks very, very attractive, whether that’s going to be in North Carolina, or Georgia or South Carolina or Florida as well. The other thing that I think is really telling is when we pause and take a look at the backlogs and backlogs are always something funny in this industry because it’s a practical matter. They usually represent only around 25% or 35% of annual aggregates and cement going forward. But it does give you a good dipstick into the tank to get a sense of where things are. And total aggregates backlogs is pretty attractive. It’s around 13% ahead a prior year levels. So again, if we’re going back to the notion of overall contractor competence, if we’re looking at it, people who are going to be busy and they know they’re going to be busy, and then seeing broadly an overall inflationary market in a lot of different respects. It’s actually a very appropriate and opportune moment for us to make sure that we’re getting the value for a spec material that not everybody can put on the ground.
Ward Nye: Though, we that’s a great point, we clearly are starting to see better activity on white non-res I mean, If we’re looking Colorado, I mean, clearly office retail and hospitality is looking for a stronger inflection in half, two, if we’re looking here in our backyard in North Carolina, it’s been fairly fascinating to watch I mean retail and hospitality are both already beginning to inflect. And we’re starting to see strong corporate reloads here. Population trends are following that. We’ve got Apple and Google making significant investments here. And again, as we’re looking at markets like Florida, office, hotel, retail, and industrial activity in that marketplace actually continues to really be quite strong. A lot of what’s driving it and look we get. The U.S. is added since 2000, over 48 million people in population. And what that’s doing is it’s driving, what we’re seeing now in single family housing and then single family housing is driving what we’re starting to see but basically the way that we thought we would during analyst Investor Day, here is we go into half to fill. So I hope that helps.
Ward Nye: No happy to number one, we’re thrilled to have Tiller as part of this organization, culturally and otherwise they have wonderfully for us, you’ve heard what I said in the prepared remarks. Basically, in May and June, they sold a million tons of aggregates and a million tons of hot mix. By the way, I think their history that’s the fastest they’ve ever gotten to that million tons in hot mix. I think what you’re seeing is several things one, the Minneapolis St. Paul market is a good healthy Midwest market, it tends to be very steady. We’re seeing good activity there. We talked before about the fact that Minneapolis St. Paul actually consumes more tons of aggregates in hot mix on a per annum basis, than even Charlotte does, which is a premier market here. So again, I think from a timing perspective, and from a market perspective, and putting their business together with ours, in that important market to us, the timing was good, the operational synergies are going to be real. We have a lot that we can learn from each other there. Tiller is extraordinarily good. On the asphalt side, they are already teaching us things that we can take from that. I think we can help them on the aggregate side. But I will tell you, they are very good on the aggregate side. So again, if we’re looking at margins in that business, they tend to start with a three. So again, I think everything that we were hoping that we would see in that transaction is come through. Yes, the other thing that’s happening too is they have some very attractive real estate that they’ve been able to sell, we’ve been able to sell. That actually takes the overall purchase price paid for the business and pulls it down, actually very nicely. So, I’m happy to report to you, Garik, there’s nothing about that transaction, that as you might be able to glean from my commentary that we’re not gushing about right now. So, we’re very pleased with it, and think they’re great things to come.
Ward Nye: Number one, thanks for the question. Because that’s an extraordinary business, it does not get the airtime that it is earned and it deserves. So, what I would say is several things, what you’re seeing in the business this quarter isn’t so much an unusual pop. This is more like returning to usual for that business. So, if we think about what was happening globally, last year, this time, steel was in a very challenging place. Overseas chemicals was in a challenging place, because in many respects, markets were closed. So, if we go back to June of 2020, steel was running at about 55% capacity, today it’s running at around 83%. So that’s a good healthy number. Everything that we’re seeing in that market tells us that we expect that business to run strong and remain strong, certainly for the rest of this year. The other thing that we’re seeing is cobalt. And that ends up being an important market for us overseas is up 52% since the end of 2020. So, when we’re looking at how the business is performing on steel, where it’s performing relative to its chemicals business all that’s really quite good. And here’s what’s even more impressive, because if you keep in mind, energy has actually been going up during much of this year. Keep in mind that is a large count driven business in portions of it, both in Woodville and in Manistee. And typically as nat gas goes, it can have a profound effect, why not have profound effects a notable effect on the way that business is operating. And basically what we’re seeing is their ability to manage their costs extraordinarily well. They continue to get good pricing. And we believe that business back to the essence of your question is in fact very, very durable, Mike. So, we expect continued great things from Mag Specialties. But again, thank you for the question.
Ward Nye: Yes, that’s a great question. And there can’t be enough Magnesia Specialties loss. So thank you for brought to the question. That is the business that in many respects is running at capacity right now. And we’ve recognized that so much of what that business is doing is several folds. One is looking for ways to de-bottleneck and run things more efficiently. Number two, it continues to look at its product mix, and will continue to drive more of what it’s doing to its higher margin products. They’ve had a great history of doing that. I’m sure they have a very bright future of doing that as well. Part of that so difficult about that business, and it’s one of the great things about the business is we produce 24% of the dolomitic lime in North America from our facility at Woodville and opening permitting and otherwise, the dolomitic lime plant is very costly, it is very time consuming. Both our facilities in Manistee and in Woodville have title five operating permits, they operate very, very efficiently. So adding more capacity is something that it’s very difficult, we’re always looking for responsible ways to grow the business. But I think in the near term, what you can anticipate is de-bottlenecking, focusing on higher margin products. And at the end of the day, we’re going to be focused on pricing in that business just as we are in the aggregates in cement business. So Joe, I hope that helps.
Ward Nye: Yes, no, happy too. As I’ve indicated our FY 2022 learning’s just looking at NCDOT for a second are increasing 260%. So I mean, clearly, DOT in a much different, very healthy place right now. Keep in mind, that’s an overall DOT with an annual budget around $5 billion. So that’s on the public side. If we look on the non-res, I would say several things. If you think about North Carolina really working from the middle of the state to a little bit farther west, you end up in Raleigh Durham. Then you farther west of Greensboro, high point Winston Salem into Charlotte, all markets in which we have leading positions. So, if I think about what’s going on in Charlotte, for example, from a non-res perspective, Charlotte continues to be a significant beneficiary of a lot of warehousing activity. You’ve got I-77, I-85, and a host of large thoroughfares that are coming together in what’s effectively the capital of the Carolinas, if you think about it. What’s important too is in places like Greensboro in the Triad again, we’re seeing good warehouse and we’re seeing good medical and surprisingly healthy retail activity there. But here’s part of what I think is driving that. So for example, D.R. Horton recently announced their plans to build a 1000 homes subdivision in Greensboro. What I’m going to suggest to you Joe, if you go back in time and listen to the last time I was talking about somebody building 1000 homes subdivision in the Triad, it’s been a while. So the fact is, if you’re seeing that type of single-family housing growth in the Triad, you’re going to continue to see good non-res activity. And I spoke just a few minutes ago about what’s happening here in the Raleigh Durham area, with Apple with Google with generally what’s happening in the Research Triangle Park. And keep in mind, when you’ve got North Carolina State University in Raleigh, the University of North Carolina and Chapel Hill and Duke University in Durham, you’ve got three large universities that tend to drive a lot of economic activity, and you got state government here. And so this is an area that in good times does extraordinarily well, in more challenging times. You’re not going to say it’s recession proof, but it’s pretty close. So those are the types of things that we’re seeing in North Carolina, Joe.
Ward Nye: Well, we’ve done our best to make those and as a practical matter of what you’re doing, Josh is you are protecting people who already have prices from you, as a general rule, what I would tell you is you’re going to recognize about 25% of a mid-year price increase, if in fact, you’re putting them in at mid-year in the year that they’re baked in. So that’s how I’ve asked you to think about those, in many respects, the mid-years that I outlined for you on aggregates, at least in the East were effective on July 1. Now, keep in mind, when I went through those different portions of the Southwest, most of those were effective on August 1, somewhere effective September 1. So we’ve done our best to bake that into what we have, but it can be a little bit elusive at times.
Ward Nye: The balance of the year ought to be a pretty smooth run, because as I think I indicate in conversation with Stanley. We had indicated there was going to be a vast $6 million delta more in 2021 than there was in 2020. And again, we had outlined the fact that in Q2, the maintenance costs were up about $7.3 million.
Ward Nye: And again, thank you all for joining today’s earnings call. We’ll continue to focus on maximizing value for shareholders as we build on our strong results and continue executing on our SOAR 2025 plan. We look forward to sharing our third quarter of 2021 results in a few months. As always, we’re available for any follow up questions you may have. Thank you for your time and your continued support Martin Marietta. Please stay safe and healthy. We’ll speak to you soon.
