Jim Nickolas: Thank you, Ward, and good morning, everyone. Both the building materials and Magnesia Specialties businesses contributed to our double-digit growth in product revenues and increased profitability. That said, increase energy expense continues as a headwind, temporarily pressuring margins. For the third quarter alone, total energy costs increased $28 million or nearly 50% Company-wide, as compared with last year. Absent this headwind, our consolidate adjusted gross margin would have outpaced the record set in the prior-year quarter.  Aggregate’s product gross margin of 34.2% included higher diesel and other production costs, as well as a $6 million negative impact from selling acquired inventory that was marked up to fair value as part of acquisition accounting. Excluding the acquisition impact, adjusted aggregates product gross margin was 34.9%, a 150-basis point decline versus prior year. Cement product gross margin declined 250 basis points driven by higher raw material cost and a $6 million increase in natural gas and electricity cost.  Ready-mix concrete product gross margin improved modestly to nearly 10% as shipment and pricing gains offset higher costs for raw materials and diesel. Magnesia Specialties continued to benefit from improving domestic steel production and global demand for magnesia chemical products, generating product revenues of $72 million, a 30% year-over-year increase. Revenue growth more than offset higher costs for energy and contract services, driving a 100-basis points improvement in product gross margin to 39%.  As part of our longstanding capital allocation priorities, we continue to balance value enhancing acquisitions with prudent capital spending, and returning cash to shareholders while preserving a healthy Balance Sheet, financial flexibility and investment-grade credit rating profile. Consistent with SOAR 2025, we acquired a crushed concrete aggregates producer in the Houston area in late July. These acquired aggregates operations expand our customer base and product offerings and one of the nation's largest addressable markets. We have raised our full-year capital spending guidance to $475 million to $525 million to include anticipated Lehigh West Region 's capital expenditures.  We continue to prioritize high return capital projects, focus on growing sales, and increasing efficiency to drive margin expansion. Additionally, our Board of Directors approved a 7% increase in our quarterly cash dividend paid in September, underscoring its confidence in our future performance, and a resilient, and growing free cash flow generation. Our annualized cash dividend rate is now $2.44. Since our repurchase authorization announcement in February 2015, we have returned nearly $2 billion to shareholders through a combination of meaningful and sustainable dividend, as well as share repurchases.  In early July, we issued $2.5 billion of Senior Notes with a weighted-average interest rate of 2.2% and a weighted-average tenure of 15 years, primarily to finance the Lehigh West Region transaction. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.9 times as of September 30. Leverage on a pro form basis, inclusive of recent acquisitions, is modestly above 3 times debt-to-EBITDA. Consistent with our practice of repaying debt following significant acquisitions, we are committed to returning to our target leverage range of 2 to 2.5 times within the next 18 months.  As detailed in today's release, we've updated our full-year 2021 guidance to reflect our year-to-date results that factor in higher energy costs and the fourth-quarter contribution from the newly acquired Lehigh West Business. We now expect full-year adjusted EBITDA to range from $1 billion, $500 million to $1 billion, $550 million dollars. With that, I will turn the call back over to Ward.
Jim Nickolas: Yes. So, we're -- we -- last quarter, our view for diesel was right. So, we're spot on Q3, Q4 versus forecast diesel costs we -- we're still comfortable at the currently forecast levels. What we're surprised by was the non-diesel energy costs in Q3 and the forecasts now reflects that. So, I'd say it's up roughly depending on the fuel type, 35% to 60% year-over-year so that's what's now in our forecast. So that's in our new forecasts and we don't expect that to get worse at this point. Of course, we could be wrong and if we are wrong, the way to cure that is through midyear price increases down the road.
Jim Nickolas: That's right. You've got it exactly right, Paul. That is -- the amount -- that mass amount that we increased it in a new guidance versus the old guidance is due to the acquired assets Lehigh Hanson West.
Jim Nickolas: No, I think you've nailed it. It should be in line with what you've seen historically from us, our CapEx spend in total. So as our sales grow, including Lehigh Hanson business, our CapEx will grow commensurately. So, there should be no -- nothing unusual versus past history. Around 9% of sales is probably a good starting point to think about [Indiscernible] CapEx for us.
Trey Grooms: Hey, good morning, everyone. Nice work in the quarter, especially given some of these headwinds that are out there.
Trey Grooms: So, Ward, your initial outlook for '22 around aggregates pricing, looking for mid to high single digits, clearly an acceleration from what we've seen this year and in recent years. Can you talk about some of the drivers behind that expectation, your comfort level there? And maybe bridging that from this year. Is it more reliant on more midyear increases or is this primarily a spring increase that's driving this and then as part of that, the pricing discussions -- summit price announcements that we've been hearing about for next spring are pretty healthy. So maybe if you could speak to what's your thinking on that front as well as we go into next year.
Trey Grooms: Thanks, Ward, that's all very encouraging and thanks for the color and thanks for taking my questions. Good luck.
Ward Nye: Happy to. Trey, thank you for your question. I think several things are worth noting. One, we saw a nice series of midyear price increases this year, and we saw that in two markets that matter a lot for us. We saw that in Texas and we saw that in the Carolinas. So that immediately starts setting the framework for next year. Keep in mind as I outlined in the prepared remarks, part of what we've seen this year as an optimal headwind is frankly a higher degree of base sales that we've seen particularly in the East, as well as some [Indiscernible] sales that have gone out of the East.  What I think is important to keep in mind Trey is the pricing range that you see is really a heritage driven range. In other words, we're not taking into account what we believe is going to happen in California and that, we're not taking into account what we believe can happen in Minnesota and that. As reminder, those markets historically have been below corporate average. So, if I reflect on where we're positioning toward next year on the conversations that we have had with our customers to-date and what we believe the overall economic environment is likely to be, we have a very high level of confidence in the ASPS that we're talking about for next year.  You had also asked specifically about cement, which is the -- a perfectly fair question. As we look at cement, several things that are worth noting as we think about the year that's wrapping up as well as the year that we're going into. Keep in mind, several things have happened this year. 1. Our price increase in cement in Texas in April was $9 a ton. We came back in September and the second price increase, that was at $8 a ton. That's the first time we've seen a mid-year of that sort since 2014.  Again, I think underscoring nice overall pricing momentum. If we're looking at what we're anticipating next year, we're anticipating a price increase in cement up $12 a ton. As a practical matter we're looking at that effective January 1 in California, we're looking at that relative to April 1 in Texas. So, a little bit of a different date between those 2 states, but still a very common number on focusing. We also believe in total candor(ph) that if some of the governing aspects around the volume would go away, volume could actually be better.  It's interesting is when looking at volume today and I'd mentioned this trait because I think this also has an effect on pricing from an emotional perspective as well as others. But, what our team in Texas would tell us today is if there was more trucking available, say for example in the Dallas, Fort Worth market, We could be selling on a daily basis, 3% to 5% more tonnage than we're selling today. So, I think all of those factors call us to underscore what we believe 2022 is lining up to be a very attractive pricing environment for the Company.
Ward Nye: No, thank you, Brian. I'll start with the latter part first, and that is what we've done in looking at volume next year is assuming that we're going to continue to see same governors around volume that we have this year. So again, I think we've taken a very responsible view at volume next year, and potentially, if you see some of these labor, transportation, and other backlogs or issues resolve themselves. It could be better next year. If we're thinking about overall customer backlog and the way that they're thinking about their business, here is the way that I would at least encourage you to think about that. As we are looking over all across the aggregates business, we're seeing it about 15% ahead of prior year levels based on what our customers are telling us. And there is a nice break. If we're looking in the East Group, again, that's up almost 14% based on what customers are saying to us. If we're looking in the West group, that's up around 18% based on customers are telling them. What I think is important as well, we came into the year with very attractive cement backlog. Cement, year-over-year is modestly down but I think what's important is we have some very notable projects that are in the pipeline right now that we think actually adds to that pretty considerably. And importantly, as we look at our Magnesia Specialties business, we're looking at record customer backlogs and we see very robust line business going into 2022 and we see some chemicals tailwinds going into the new year as well. So, it's consistent with the comments that you heard that I shared in my prepared remarks. This is 1 of those instances where we feel like we're seeing public and private come together in a very attractive, very powerful way. And part of what I think is telling about this one is we believe it has the capacity, particularly if we got the new highway bill to be in place, not just for a matter of quarters, progress for a matter of years. So, Bryan, I hope that helps.
Ward Nye: I'm not sure that I can give you something on that that's going to be precise and give you good direction on it, because I think so much of that's going to be driven. It can be particularly in fourth-quarter by seasonality and what's happening in some parts of the country as opposed to others. What I will tell you is the conversations we've had with customers, or conversations that we've already had. The correspondents that we were going to have with customers to basically affirm for our pricing for next year has already gone out. Really, Jerry, I think if there's risk to pricing next year.  Frankly, it's more on the upside as opposed to the downside because the numbers that we gave you in the release and that I referenced in my prepared remarks are heritage numbers only. And, obviously, part of what contractors are seeing today, and I'm sure they're seeing across a whole host of inputs, is an inflationary environment unlike anything that they've seen for a while. The other thing to keep in mind is if you go back and look at whether it's CPI, PPI or otherwise over a long period of time and by that, I don't meet a year or 2, I mean decades. What you'll find is aggregate pricing has consistently outperformed that metric and this year actually was behind it just a bit. So, I expect to see that gap made up next year, Jerry. So that's how I would think about that.
Ward Nye: But you're right. It does vary and there will be some markets that go January 1, there will be some that will go April 1. As a practical matter, Jerry. because there's not that much heavy-side activity that occurs in January and February. Keep in mind, we've launched that, for example, that the last 2 weeks of March can make or break the first quarter. So, whether they go into effect in January or whether they go into effect in April, typically for us isn't that moving.  We're trying to make sure that we maintain your relationships with customers that are so important and don't put them in a position that they find themselves in anyway dislocated, so we've tried to remain relatively consistent from a timing perspective. But again, we don't feel like the timing from January to April, given the seasonality effect of those period of months, is going to be at moment.
Ward Nye: Thank you for the question, Jerry. I would say that the integration is actually going quite well in all of them. We've got a single process that we're utilizing for this integration, so 1 team continues to look at it. The nice thing about this is the integration are occurring, obviously in the West, in the Central and of the Southwest. So, no particular team is overwhelmed with what's going on. Operationally, we're very pleased with the way that it's going.  The teams that have become part of Martin Marietta team to this process, have proven to be every bit as good as we thought that they would. I continue to be moved by what I feel we can do relative to bring commercial excellence to these operations. And I think particularly in California, that's likely to be the upside that we're going to see there. But again, if you think about what's happened this year, it's going over $3 billion worth of deals.  So, if we go back and look at Tiller, which came in at the end of April, SCC that can in at the end of July and again, Lehigh Hanson's came in at the beginning of October. By any stretch that's a big M&A year for Martin Marietta. And we're very pleased with the people and we're very pleased with the operations and very pleased with the site. So, I appreciate the question. I'm happy to tell you there have been no negative surprises.
Ward Nye: Phil, thank you for the question. I think several things. 1. We're going to give you a good sense of where we believe those businesses will be when we come out in February next year. Part of what you'll see if you go to the supplemental information with today's release is you'll get a good snapshot, particularly relative to The Lehigh West on what the tonnages look like in aggregate cement ready-mix and asphalt. So that will give you a nice way to back into some of that. You will also see a nice '21 -- 2021 budget EBITDA contribution. So again, I think that can put you there.  With respect to the overall pricing as you would imagine, we've got a nice blend of new products in Martin Marietta, but importantly, Heritage Martin Marietta’s players, particularly in California, that are working together in that marketplace. I can tell you that our correspondents on pricing went out to our customers last week. These are live conversations -- by the way, they've all been very good conversations, as I indicated in one of the earlier questions, if I had to speculate today, my guess would be on a percentage basis. We will likely see ASPS on a percentage basis on the newly acquired operations on percentages that will be higher than here in Martin Marietta. So again, I don't see a downside right there, I see potential upside opportunity in those markets. And again, to your point, we can probably, if I really wanted to dig deep, be a little bit more specific with you on Lehigh Hanson's the same time on mindful that we've owned that business were about 32 days. And our sense is, let's have it for a little bit longer than 32 days before we get into too much detail on that. But hopefully, the direction I've given you and the supplemental information relative to tonnage EBITDA contributions, where we are relative to the organic business on ASPS, in my view that the acquired operations will likely over-achieve that, gives you a sense of how we look at that.
Ward Nye: No. As I said, I certainly don't see downside to aggregate price in next year. And if we're looking at the film material that's gone out this year in the East in particular year to date, Phil, this will give you a sense of it. It's been about 900,000 tonnes. And part of what's happened here over the last -- during the last quarter as well is we started shipping some stone on a large NCDOT project that's here and the Raleigh that was bid about 2 years ago.  So again, those are just some of the more optical issues. Something that I think is worth always keeping in mind, Phil, is, when [Indiscernible] is going in a year like this, what you know is going to happen, is the clean stones want to come either, because at some point you're going to put either asphalt or concrete on top of the clean stones. And we actually see those clean stone pricings -- prices moving in a very attractive way.
Ward Nye: Great question, Stan and thank you for asking that. That's a business that performs quarter-after-quarter extraordinarily well and never gets depressed that team deserves. Look, you saw what I did, too and that was record revenues through up 30% over the prior-year quarter. I mean, several things were happening when it's a strong metal mining activity around world. We're seeing good activity in steel. To your point, in many respects, we are kept -- we're running at capacity on volumes than in that marketplace right now. Pricing was up nearly 4%. We think pricing may have some nice upside to it.  One thing that's worth noticing though, is if we look at where domestic steel is now, steel is running at about 80% -- almost 85%. That's up from Q2 last year when it found the bottom. It's up almost 51% since then. The other thing that I think is really impressive in that business when you look at the margins at 39%, and you take into account that natural gas pricing for Q3 was up 26%. And if we look at really what natural gas pricing has looked at for a longer period of time than that. If we go back to January 1 this year, I want to say in January, net gas pricing was at [Indiscernible], it's up almost $2.44 since then, almost a 146%. So, I guess what I would say is what we'd like to grow that business in particular? Point to your question, the short answer is we would. We've looked at ways to grow that business in the past, we will continue to do that. Are we largely at capacity at Woodville and Manistee today large that we are? Do we have the ability, on occasion, and will we continue to look at refining our products out of those 2 different facilities to make sure we're doing more high margin products? The short answer there is yes, we will.  So, the focus will be on continuing to control costs, which they do extraordinarily well. Being a price leader, which is something they've been focused on, continuing to look for ways to add to that business. We'd liked to do it but, in the meantime, making sure that we continue to refine the products that we're putting out. So, I would suggest you, Stanley, it's probably a 4- or 5-fold approach to that business.
Ward Nye: Courtney, [Indiscernible]. Thank you for the question. What -- Jim and I will bifurcate this. I'm going to talk a little bit about what we're seeing going on in the market. I want Jim to come back and talk specifically about some of the issues that we had in maintenance this quarter and part of what we've seen in inventories. But here's what I would say overall, if we look at the volume, the volume is not too very attractive, so it's a 4% overall increase. We've had some July rain that slowed things down in Central and South Texas.  So, if we're looking at what was happening coming out of [Indiscernible], that was down about 3%. Now, the flip side is we saw very nice volumes coming out of North Texas at Midlothian, up about 6.7%. We also saw, in a percentage basis, very nice percentages up in West Texas. Now, what I'll tell you is, percentages on West Texas and volumes on West Texas tell two different stories. Because you can have a very big percentage, because the volumes have been overall quite low.  But what I'm happy to see is at least on a year-to-date basis, is West Texas volumes were up almost 66% as we continue to see mining do better. If we look in North Texas again, all by itself in September, that was up 25%. So, we saw a record volume quarter coming out of cement. Now we did have some maintenance issues that I want Jim to speak to, and I'll preface it with we're done with maintenance for the year on the big -- taking the kilns down. And then we had some inventory issues that he can walk you through that, I think, will give you some great color so, Jim over to you, please.
Ward Nye: Could give you a quick snapshot on that. So really for Jim is 15% of the impact was from diesel. If we look at energy across the entire business, and then a $28 million almost 2X bet if we look all in on energy, so I just want to make sure you had those 2 numbers.
Ward Nye: But it'll probably be largely cleared up by the end of the year. I think the fill will be gone. And again, I think a lot of it it's going to depend on how much space can contractors put down in effectively Q4, but yeah, that's going to be the only issue, Courtney. And as I indicated before that the nice thing is you know what's going to go on top of the base at some point.
Ward Nye: I think the good news is, Brent, where if we look at our top markets which are going to be Texas, Colorado, now California, North Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. They're all going to be pretty solid underlying economic markets and with most of those states having very high population inflows coming to them. And from our perspective, it's not so much an issue of supply. We're in a position to supply the materials, I think to your point, it's going to be more matter of labor.  And frankly, it's going to be a contractor timing perspective on when they're going to hire labor. One of the things that I'm at least defining on, Brent, is I think that's going to be one of the great collateral benefits from the highway bill on its best. Because when contractors have a sense that there are backlogs and their backlogs for a period of years are going to look very good. They're likely to hire, I think that's particularly true when we're looking at public works because public works, as you know, tend to come with liquidated damages if they're not finished in a timely manner.  But I think it's a practical matter that's going to be driving some of that. But again, if we look overall at the way our top states are positioned, they're positioned really well. If we're looking at TxDOT, their FY2022 lettings are set to exceed $10 billion. If we're looking at Colorado, they're looking at the DOT forecast that's up $850 million. NCDOT has returned to historical averages which puts them in a $5 billion a year budget. Georgia infrastructure look strong with additional $225 million of infrastructure investment. Florida is near record levels with very attractive backlogs.  But here's some of the things that are moved by -- you heard me mention Caltrans there budget, SB1 in the prepared remarks. But I didn't speak to our issues like SB9 and SBI0 in California that's allowing property owners to split single-family lots into 2 lots and streamlining of zoning or rezoning process. Because what we think that does in that market is it brings housing back in ways that that state hasn't seen for a while.  And as you recall [Indiscernible], from our analyst and Investor Day, so much goodness in heavy-side space tends to follow what's happening with single-family with a lag. If we see the highway bill, if we see the hiring that I think comes behind the highway bill, if we see the public work that I think we're going to see, and we continue to see that type of private work That's driven by revs. I think a lot of these supply chain and employee labor issues worked their way out. I don't think it's going to be immediate. And again, I think that's part of the government we've put on next year, but that's a long answer, but you asked a really good question and I think it has a lot of moving parts.
Ward Nye: No, Paul, thank you for your question very much. And Paul, I think that is something that we are cognizant enough that we're sensitive to I think in the fullness of time, recycle will play a bigger role than it's going to play in the next 5 or 10 years. And what do I mean by that? That I think we are going to go have to be looking to utilize recycled concrete more as a base product. I think we're going to be looking at higher degrees of recycled asphalt or RAP that used an asphalt mixes. Today, in many respects, you might see RAP in the, let's call it 20% portions of asphalt. I think you could see that going up into the 30% in the fullness of time. The primary driver of that being liquid, 1 reason I mentioned those 2 things in particular, Paul is if you look at the transactions at least 2 of the 3 that we've done this year, it's somewhat mindful of that.  If we're looking at the SCC Materials transaction that we did in July, That's basically buying a recycled business on concrete and selling that recycled concrete as an aggregate, and selling that in Houston, Texas where we have a significant presence and keep in mind part of what Tiller does for us in that marketplace -- I'm sorry, SCC is it adds a series of new yards for us. More specifically, it adds around 10 and we had a very attractive position in that marketplace with the existing rail yards that we had. So, to your point, it expands our footprint, but importantly, it adds new product offerings. Now similarly, if we look at the business that we've had in Minnesota at Tiller at the end of April, that's a stone business and it's a hot mix business, but it's not lay down business. So again, part of what that's going to allow us to do is to make sure that we're looking at percentages of [Indiscernible], how we're going to utilize that going forward. And the other piece of Tiller that I think has been important for us, is this part of that business we also picked up about a 100,000 tons worth of tank farm capacity in that marketplace, so we also have the ability to look at energy going forward in some modestly different ways with a fiscal hedge, because it allows us to hedge physically about 60% of our need for liquid in that relevant geographic market during the course of any one year. So, do we think we will see more recycle? Yes. Are we ourselves -- positioning ourselves to more of that? Yes. Do I think spec aggregates in the near-term are in any concern of being spec out of jobs? Absolutely not. I hope that helps Paul.
Ward Nye: No look, that's such a great question. It goes back to a lot of what we spoke about at the Analyst Investor Day. So, I would say several things are worth knowing at least again, as we think about a Texas to Colorado, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida and now increasingly California. We came into this period of time in ARPU with remarkably underbuilt conditions, particularly with respect to single-family. We think the population dynamics will continue to be strong in those states. I mean, here's some specific color, if we're looking at Texas population growth, the residential section, at least for us in Texas is red hot. Texas comprises almost 9% of the U.S. population, but accounts for almost 34% of the country's population growth. And if we're looking at DFW, it's led the nation in the Metro growth for at least 4 years running.  And by the way, the Houston area's second. So, this is underscores again why we thought that move, that enhanced move in Texas is so important, in - housing is such a driver there. If we look in Colorado, the biggest issue that we have in Colorado is they frankly need more supply. The demand is there. Colorado population has grown 14% since 2010. So that's almost a million people. They gained the house (ph) seat in this last few population. So again, we can -- we anticipate continued strong housing growth in Colorado.  North Carolina just continues to grow dramatically. We see it here in our backyard every day between what's happening in Charlotte and in Raleigh, Durham. When I moved by North Carolina, I think this is important, is places like Greensboro, I think I might have mentioned early in the year, D.R. Horton has announced a plan to build 1,000 homes, single-families subdivision there in [Indiscernible] -- and the triad are up 28% year-over-year. So again, these are powerful numbers. If we're looking at Atlanta, the Atlanta single-family housing starts in our approaching 35,000. That's up on a trailing 12 basis, almost 38% but it's not just Atlanta, we're seeing that in Atlanta, we're seeing that in Savannah, and even in smaller markets like Augusta, that have continued to be very attractive. And even single-family housing in Florida and keep in mind that's really not the market that we're in there. We are a niche player in Florida in basically public transportation or infrastructure. But single-family housing in Florida is up 37% on trailing 12 months. And again, Florida has added 2.7 residences since 2010. So, if we look at those numbers, then come back and also lay on top of that those two different propositions that I spoke up just a few minutes ago relative to California. On SB9 and SBI0, if we are of the view that single-family housing is going to stay strong for a while and that aggregate tends to follow that with a very high correlative factor. And if we're assuming, this is what we think is going to happen. We think single-family stats in '21 go to about $1.2 million. We think in '22, they probably go to around 1.4 million and in '23 to about 1.5 million. Those are heady numbers but here's what's important to remember.  If we're right and they go to 1.2 million in 2021, that's 2,000 levels, and the U.S. has added 48 million people since then. If we're right, and then go to 1.4 million in ' 22, that's a 2,003 levels. And if we're right and it goes to 1.5 in '23, that's 2,003 and 2,004 levels. again, on a much higher population base. So, I've tried to give you some color around specific markets that matter to us. But I've also tried to give you some numbers broadly nationally that we think are relevant and we think are worth keeping in the back or front your mind.
Ward Nye: Those are great questions. The thing that I would always say is where we've been. You further say that, if you were in an aggregate supply Company and that's the way we think about our businesses first. And so, I would always encourage you to remember that with us. At the same time, for example, could we go in and bought the business in Minnesota, that is the Tiller business. That does have a hot mix component to it, but part of what's so different about that is it doesn't have to lay down component to it.  So, if you think about really what I think makes Martin Marietta different from many, is we're not so much in the contracting business. We will take that stone in Minnesota in some respects, add liquid to it turn it into black pavement and sell it FOB at the facility. So, it's our number 1. Aggregate [Indiscernible] is the right way to think of us, 2. Being more focused on materials is the right way to think of u. Lastly, with respect to growing the business, Look, at the end of the transaction, clearly, our debt-to - EBITDA range is a little bit above 3 times.  As you know, we like to stay in the range of 2 to 2.5 times. We think that that's actually going to deleverage very nicely over the next year to 18 months. I think it's possible that if we get toward the end of next year, we could be back toward the high end of our range, that's really, I think doing great work can deleveraging the business. I think we have added immense value to this business by doing not acquisitions, but by doing the right acquisitions. By doing these transactions that we've done, we have opened up a series of new corridors.  And if you go back in time and you look at the way that we've grown our business, we have been focused uniquely on corridors of growth, whether it's I-95, I-85, Interstate 40, whether it's I-25 in Colorado and now increasingly on I-5 in California. So, aggregates [Indiscernible] the right way to think of us, a Company that wants to continue to do the right deals in the right markets is the right way to think of us and heavy-side oriented is where we will continue to reside, Anthony, so I hope that helps.
Ward Nye: No, not particularly. In fact, I would say not at all. The heavy non-res has continued to be really quite good and part of what I'm encouraged by, for example the energy portion of that has actually not been particularly good. So, it's been more driven by warehousing data, warehousing etc. As you may recall in some of the commentary I was sharing before, we're seeing more activity in West Texas on energy than we've seen for a while.  At the same time, for example, the Port Arthur LNG facility that's been on some degree of hold for a while, are saying respectfully is really anticipating some bid refreshing on that, in this quarter. And we may see some activity there as early as Q1 2022. Not a job that we'd want at this point but still, nonetheless, seeing that type of activity on heavy, we actually think is quite attractive, Josh.
Ward Nye: Yeah. Now, look quick answers. We've been very comfortably in those zones that we talked about earlier. And I think when, again, David, if it's 900 -- if it's almost a million tons of fill, and fill largely looked at broadly as almost a waste product. Obviously, we sold it for profit because we didn't have it on the books for anything, but it is a fill product. And if you're looking at what was a fairly significant movement on base, particularly in that Raleigh market, Of all the things that I worry at night about, aggregate pricing is not on my list.  Those -- purely simply those are the drivers. The other thing and I know your question were on organic, but I do think it's important to keep in mind when you look at it all rolled up. Stone pricing in the acquired Tiller operations are about $5 a ton lower than our Heritage number. So again, when you do an all-in number with that, it's clearly has optically a dilutive effect. And then when you feather in nearly a million tons of funds, again, it will have an optical effect. But I think to your point, the mid-years, I think really did underscore the strength of the market. And to give you a sense of what we saw in the East Division, this really means in the Carolinas, was a bucket ton up on clean stone effective July 1 and even $0.50 on base effective July 1. And then Southwest, we saw in North Texas up $0.50 to $0.75 a ton on September 1.  In Austin, up a bucket ton and in Hunter Stone, which is in New Braunfels, $0.50 to up a bucket ton, and then in Garwood up a bucket ton on August 1. So, I think all those at least in the way that I'm watching it and measuring the cadence, David, gives me a high degree of confidence in what we're anticipating next year that and probably more importantly together with conversations we've had with our customers. So, I hope that helps.
Ward Nye: No, not really. The only thing that I would say is probably consistent this time is whenever you do a midyear, you're only going to actually see a very limited portion of those go in the year and what inputs you put it. I mean, historically, what I would've said, if you did a mid-year truly on July 1 or June 30, if you got 20% or 25% of it in the year in which you put it in, you'd be fortunate. So really, it's more of a play into the following year.
Ward Nye: Shana (ph) thank you so much and thank you all for joining today's earnings conference call. To conclude our strong third quarter results underpinned by our record-setting safety, operational and financial performance, reinforce our confidence in Martin Marietta's opportunities to soar to a sustainable future and maximize stakeholder value. We look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and full-year 2021 results in February as always, we're available for any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you for your time and continued support of Martin Marietta. Please stay safe and healthy. Good bye.
