Jim Nickolas: Thank you, Ward. The Building Materials business posted total products and services revenues of $1.1 billion and gross profit of $288 million, inclusive of the $42 million product revenue contribution from the acquired Bluegrass operations at adjusted margins comparable with our heritage Mid-Atlantic and Southeast operations. Overall aggregates product gross margin was 29.8%, which reflects a $10 million negative impact related to selling acquired inventory that was marked up to fair value as part of acquisition accounting. Excluding this impact, adjusted aggregates product gross margin was 31.4%, a 150 basis point improvement. As Ward mentioned earlier, our Cement business benefited from both strong demand and a tight supply environment. These dynamics, coupled with increased production efficiencies, led to a 680 basis point expansion of cement product gross margin to 36.5%. Magnesia Specialties second quarter products and service revenues increased to a record $68 million. Among other things, this business continues to benefit from increased global demand for magnesia chemical products as well as heightened domestic steel production. Kiln outages, both planned and unplanned, and higher petroleum coke costs contributed to a 120 basis point reduction in product gross margin to 36.5%. Consolidated SG&A was 5.9% of total revenues, a 50 basis point improvement in part due to our realization of acquisition synergies. Earnings from operations were $264 million and include $25 million of gains from litigation and related settlements and surplus land sales. As a reminder, management previously discussed surplus land sales as part of the value proposition for our acquisition of TXI, and that's exactly what you're seeing this quarter. The disposition of surplus land is an ongoing strategy for the company. And while we cannot predict the potential timing of any future land sales, we do expect to announce additional real estate divestitures as favorable opportunities develop. During the quarter and keeping with the company's agreement with the United States Department of Justice to resolve all competitive issues with respect to the Bluegrass transaction, we divested our heritage Forsyth aggregates quarry, north of Atlanta, Georgia, and the legacy Bluegrass Beaver Creek aggregates quarry in Western Maryland. We recognized the $15 million gain on the Forsyth quarry divestiture, which is included in acquisition-related net expenses. There was no gain or loss on the Beaver Creek divestiture. We remain focused on disciplined capital allocation that preserves Martin Marietta's balance sheet strength and financial flexibility. Capital expenditures are expected to range from $450 million to $500 million for full year 2018 as we continue to prudently invest in our business. At the same time, we will continue to evaluate value-enhancing acquisition opportunities and return capital directly to shareholders. Since the announcement of our share repurchase program in February 2015, we have returned more than $1.3 billion to shareholders through a combination of meaningful and sustainable dividends and share repurchases. In addition, given our strong cash flows as well as the desire and ability to seize the advantages of the late 2017 changes in the federal tax law, we are planning to contribute $150 million into the company's qualified defined benefit plan in the third quarter. For the trailing 12 months ended June 2018, our ratio of consolidated net debt to consolidated EBITDA as defined in the applicable credit agreement was 2.75 times, inclusive of the impact of financing the Bluegrass transaction. We expect to return to our target leverage ratio of 2 to 2.5 times by year-end. As detailed in today's release, we increased our full-year 2018 adjusted EBITDA guidance to reflect current results, including the other operating income recognized during the second quarter. For 2018, we continue to expect consolidated total revenues to range from $4,300 million to $4,500 million, and we now expect adjusted EBITDA to reach $1,175 million to $1,295 million. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ward.
Jim Nickolas: Yes. So, it's a couple of things. You've got -- we've got implied second half implied gross margins are better than first half actuals better than second quarter. But we're confident these are within our ability to achieve them. We expected the higher diesel costs. Those are there. We're seeing that coming through, but we expected it. But as you look at it in a percentage versus last year, I mean, that hurts from an incremental perspective, if you're comparing second half of '17 to second half of '18, the higher diesel costs have an outsized impact just because of the short time from you're looking at. So I think a better way of looking at it is, second half implied gross margins, and those are, again, something we're looking it's going to be achievable based on the volume and the ASP growth we're expecting. So, it's really not much of a stretch. The one issue that we had in the second quarter, it’s not really an issue, but it's incremental comparison point is that the shipments versus production of aggregates in Q2 were in line. Prior year Q2, we produced 2 million more than we shipped. So, that's a headwind that we have absorbed in Q2. And despite that, we have higher gross margins in Q2. We think we're going to be able to offset the same dynamic in the second half of the year as well. So I hope that answers the question appropriately for you, but it's sort of implied gross margins are improving, but we think it's achievable.
Jim Nickolas: So I think, the fundamental building blocks are there. Again, incrementals are comparing versus the prior year. We have the higher volumes coming through. We have the higher pricing coming through. And assuming whether it's normal, all those things should work in our favor. So yes, second half gross profit is higher than first half. But that is not a stretch. So we think that's going to work, again, the fundamental building blocks in place volume and ASP coming through.
Ward Nye: Thanks, Jim. And to reiterate, we do not see an end to the current construction recovery in the near to medium term, as years of pent-up demand provide sustainable support for an extension of steady growth. Martin Marietta is well positioned to benefit from the increasing strength of the current construction cycle. We anticipate growing demand for infrastructure projects and private sector construction activity during the second half of the year with faster growth in our key geographies due to attractive market fundamentals. As Martin Marietta progresses towards another record year in 2018, these dynamics, coupled with our second quarter results, underscore our confidence in Martin Marietta's near and long-term growth trajectory as the construction recovery continues on a steady and extended basis. These favorable trends, together with our strong competitive position, solid balance sheet, superior assets and employees and commitment to safe and efficient operations, position Martin Marietta for continued growth, success and shareholder value creation. If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we will turn our attention to addressing your questions.
Ward Nye: Thank you, Kathryn. I guess, a couple of things. When we came into the year, we actually said there are going to be several swing factors. There will be headwinds to your point. We said labor tightness would be one of them. We said there's always a prospect of atypical weather. You're always looking at Class I rail performance-wise truck shortages and just macro issues. So I think it's fair to say we have come out exactly where we thought frankly better in the first half of the year with a number of those headwinds there. We actually think the rail situation is getting modestly better. So as we look at second half, several things. One, I would say that last year, you recall, we had 2 major hurricanes that hit us in Texas, Georgia and in Florida. So from a comp perspective, it should get easier as we go into the second half. The other thing that I would tell you is we don't have a labor issue in Martin Marietta. The issue that we're faced with is clearly we have the ability to put all the stone on the ground that contractors could meet. The issue is going to be whether contractors can take that stone from our quarries or sales yards and get them to their jobs. We think that's going to start to ease moderately in the second half of the year. And as we look at the outlook, we think the underlying demand is there. We think logistics are getting better. Our contractors have significant backlogs. The more public work we have, the more liquidated damages contractors are going to have if they can't finish that work on time, and we think that's part of what comes back and starts to address the labor constraints that we're seeing. So I hope that helps respond to the second part of your question, Kathryn.
Ward Nye: What I think, Phil, the answer is both. I think the answer is there's going to be some areas that you'll see some price increases in the back half of the year and some that it's going to be more for next year. So if we think about it, here's the way I would bifurcate it for you. Let's talk about cement first because, as you recall, we had an April 6 price increase in cement, primarily in North Texas and in Houston. Right now we have spoken to our customers about a $6 a ton increase in October in cement, so that's obviously an ongoing dialogue. The other thing that I would say is we're looking at ready mixed concrete. We're also done about ready mixed concrete price increases as we get here toward the back half of the year as well. So we're looking at $6 a cubic yard price increases, effective in North Texas and Central Texas. So again, you’re going to that part of the market that I think you've addressed where you're seeing some tightness, particularly in cement, I think that's what we're seeing. I think relative to aggregates, here's part of what's interesting, Phil. If we really go and take a look at the aggregate pricing and look at it very appropriately stripping out product mix and geographic mix, part of what's interesting to us is if you do same-on-same pricing for the overall company, this quarter would have been up 5.9%. So again, we tried to call out what some of the issues were relative to geographic mix because of some of the difficulties with Class I railroads in the Southeast in particular and in the West. And if we look at that, that's certainly affected the optics of pricing growth there. And we talked about some product mix issues, particularly in the West that affected that as well. So if we come back and say, are we looking for price raises in cement and ready mix in select markets in the second half of this year? Yes. Are we pleased with the overall pricing that we're seeing in aggregates as we hit here at half year? Yes. And is that very much in keeping with the type of metrics that we've discussed over the last several years and where we thought we would see the pricing going? I think the answer on that continues to be yes as well.
Ward Nye: Okay. With respect to both of those, I do think some of the geographic mix issues will get better as rail service gets better. So, the more product we see moving into South Texas and the more product that we see going into Florida and South Georgia, that will help pretty considerably. I think the other thing as these larger projects become more mature, you're going to see more clean stone go into those. So I do think over time, that that's going to tend to adjust itself. But I agree with you on cement by the way. That's a tight cement market in Texas. I don't see anything that makes this thing it's not going to be at tight cement market. Obviously, it's a very valuable product, and it's one of the reasons that we're looking for a $6 increase in October. So we will see how that goes, Phil.
Ward Nye: Two different ways I want to encourage to think about this, Jerry. Number one, the railroads are very good customers of ours; and number two, the railroads are vendors of ours. So we have a bifurcated relationship. On the customer side, they're buying typically ballast from us. We're the largest ballast supplier in the United States. So if we look at ballast purchases for the quarter, they were down about 300,000 tons. And the fact is I think ballast is probably about as low as ballast can get. So I think we feel like there's probably upside on ballast. But for the quarter, that was that 300,000 tons. On the other side of the coin is the commercial work that we do with them. In other words, when the railroads are coming into our quarries, picking up our stone and taking our stone to a sales yard, then we will subsequently sell to a contractor or others. If I break that down between those two geographies, I was just talking with Phil about in the previous question, if I look at what was going on in Texas, number one, and what was going on the Southeast, number two, what I would say is we probably had deferred shipments in Texas all by itself, but modestly over 400,000 tons. If we take a look at what the snapshot look like in the Southeast, it was probably 250,000 tons. So take your full vision of both the ballast and the commercial side, let those 2 things fuse together, and you've got just about 1 million tons of stone that's most likely defer relative to rail in the second quarter. If we had put that back into the volume that we've reported for you, volume actually for the quarter would've been up 5.7%. So to the extent it come back to the essence of your question, do we believe that rail is getting better, particularly for CSX? The answer is yes, we do. Do we see better performance out of Union Pacific? Yes, we do. Are those 2 things important to us and perhaps disproportionately going forward? They are. So do we think they're going to be varying degrees of rail conversations, it will likely occur throughout the rest of the year. I think the answer to that candidly is yes. Do we think it's going to be largely mitigated as we go into the second half? I think the answer to that is yes as well.
Ward Nye: Look, I think to hit the high end of the volume range, I think you're right. And I don't think it's an issue of demand, Jerry. I think it's an issue of can contractors take it. To hit that 4% to 6%, to hit the low end of the range, let’s spend other minute [ph] and then talk about that, basically what we're saying is heritage shipments to the back half must increase over 9% of the prior year period. And the thing to keep in mind is in Q3 2017, we had shipments that were pretty negatively impacted by a record precipitation then including those 2 significant hurricanes that came into both, Texas as well as Florida and Georgia. So if we look at a normal cadence quarter-by-quarter on what aggregates look like, I mean, this is what I would tell you. 13 to 17 snapshots, Q1 is typically 18% volume, Q2 typically 27%, Q3 is usually 30%, and Q4 is usually 25%. In other words, I think people who ordinarily might be surprised to know that Q4 at a typical year is as impactful as Q2. So again, as we look at the balance of the year, you're talking about high end of the range. I'm talking about the lower end of the range. Either way, I think those are your puts and takes, Jerry.
Ward Nye: Jerry, as you know, I never talk about the month of the quarter that we're in. So I'll talk about July when we'll circle back and talk to you in November. If we're looking at the way that the quarter itself went, April was up 8%, May was up 4%, June got hit with some rain and fewer shipping days, and June was modestly off 1%. So that was the build as we went into the quarter, Jerry.
Ward Nye: Yes. I'll comment that the incrementals, at least for where we are in the year has been right about where we thought that they would be given our guidance. A couple of things that I'll speak to you. But, I'll ask Jim to speak to it more specifically. And clearly, we have had some higher cost per ton issues, most likely related to energy and some higher equipment rentals as well because we are anticipating greater volumes in different parts of the country, and we've talked about those different parts of the country, particularly in the east that we think are recovering but that's at least some top side comments. Let me turn it over to Jim to let him respond to you more clearly.
Ward Nye: Garik, it's perfectly fair question. I just don't see any underlying effort or notion in these states to do it. I think part of what's happening is if we look at places like South Carolina, I think South Carolina, historically, is about as anti-tax as any place could be. But they're focused on competitiveness, and they understand that they have to make this move if they want to keep bringing people in like Boeing, Continental Tire, BMW and others. Indiana, again, had raised their tax by $0.10 per gallon. Part of what I'm taken with in many of these states, Gary, and this is part of what's different, these are red states. These tend to be broadly Republican states that have done this. And what I would say is if you're seeing gas tax raised in Republican states typically by Republican governors and Republican legislatures, that's a very different conversation than the one that we see and hear going on in California right now. I certainly hope for the sake of the industry that we don't see that type of action undertake in the California, but I do not see any type of movement in that as I look at these big 9 states that are most important to us.
Ward Nye: I'll answer it in part this way. If you look at our year-to-date shipments in revenue, they're behind plan by 2.7% and 7.2%. But our year-to-date performance is actually better than planned. And what I'd tell you is most of these jobs are indexed. So you're able to keep up with it relatively well. I mean, to your point, clearly, liquid asphalt is up. And then Q2 unit cost was up about 6.6%. So if we're looking at liquid today at about $377 per ton, that's up $23 or about 6.6% over the prior year. But at the same time, we're looking at a business in Colorado that we think is going to be incredibly attractive. The only issue that we have with our asphalt and paving business in Colorado was last year, it's just so darn good. We're just wondering if this year can be better. But everything that we see in Colorado and that business is attractive, and we think we'll make up for that costs really in the back half of the year. It's an odd business because really, this is the time of year when you really start making your money. And we have a very good outlook for that business for the balance of the year.
Ward Nye: Well, again, the issue is not us. It's not that we don't have the ability. Keep in mind, most of what we're shipping is being still at FOB at our location. So really, in most instances, the contractor has the burden on them to come to our quarry and take it there. We also think, in most circumstances, we're locationally advantaged. So as a practical matter, what tends to happen in a lot of these jobs, is they simply become extended jobs. I think it's tougher for contractors if they're in a circumstance they're faced with liquidated damages, and that, that was what I was referencing before. So for example, there's some very large projects right now underway at the Dallas-Fort Worth airport. Some of those jobs are running behind schedule. At the same time, they're very large LDs on those jobs, not for us, but for contractors if they don't finish on time. We have the material. We have it in spec. We have it on our yards. We have it ready for them. So from our perspective, it's really not so much whether somebody's going to change suppliers because we have what they need. The issue, I think, is going to be, at times, more of an economic issue for the contractor to deal with throughput. And oftentimes, as I said in my prepared remarks, what that may mean is paying more for trucking going forward than you have historically.
Ward Nye: Well, again, the more we see, the Mid-Atlantic volumes grow. And the more we see the Southeast grow and the more you see Florida grow, optically and otherwise, that's going to help considerably on ASPs. I think one thing that's worth remembering is if we go back and simply have that discussion that I had just a couple of questions ago, removing product mix and geographic mix, then ASPs would be sitting for the quarter up 5.9%. So I guess, where I'm sitting here, if we're talking about pricing in this environment of under that scenario, close to 6%, that's certainly not disappointing to me. And if to your point, places like the Carolinas, Georgia and Florida are getting healthier, and by the way, I think they are, I think that actually makes what is already a very good pricing story, even better.
Ward Nye: I think, there's going to be enough labor to do it. I think the wage structure in some places may have to pivot a little bit. And again, I think, to the extent that you're seeing increasing public work that's going to have tighter deadlines, that's going to have tighter specifications and that's going to have more liquidated damage provisions attached to them, my guess is you will simply see of necessity more labor coming into the construction market. But again, the other part of your question I want to make sure that we address it, I don't want people to think of peak in the wrong way. I don't think we're getting anywhere near peak in what's going on relative to volume, certainly not relative to requirements for volume. Again, I think if you go back to the commentary that we put out this morning in the writing, the CEO commentary, you saw our view that this is going to be a continued nice, steady climb. My view is probably for several years. But again, I think, the more public work you see coming in, and I think that's what we're likely to see over the next several years, I think the more you will see labor coming into contracting and labor coming into trucking. It's a perfectly fair statement to say that we have very large contractors in North Carolina right now who would say, on any given day, the market is 10% short of trucks. That's a nice opportunity for somebody, and I'm relatively sure they're going to fill that hole.
Ward Nye: Well, I guess, two -- first things first. We don't actually have a ready mixed business in Houston. So if we look at where we are in Texas, it tends to be more of a central to North Texas business than. We have some in South Texas but not in Houston. If you're looking at just the price increases themselves, we saw Rocky Mountain up 5.9%, we saw the northeast portion outside of the metroplex up about 4%. We saw the metroplex itself up about -- excuse me, about 2.2%. Part of the challenge is, you're looking at most of those markets that are going to be, at least in Texas, somewhere in the mid-90s to low teens in dollars per cubic yard. What happened is when you pull out some of that energy work that we had last year and you're selling concrete for numbers that are much higher than those because, again, it's those large LNG or other projects that we feel like the second wave is really heading our way for more bidding this year and more activity next year. That's more your issue than anything else. Is diesel fuel an issue in that? You bet it is. So that's clearly going to give you some degree of compression. But if you're looking at what's happening relative to price, and keeping in mind, again, we're looking for $6 cubic yard price increase in North and Central Texas effective October 1, it gives you a sense of what's happening in those markets.
Ward Nye: I guess the primary metric that you've heard me say for a long time, Adam, is look at what volumes are and then take a look at pricing. And part of what you've heard me say is if volumes are growing at a tepid rate, then you can look back at a more historical rate of pricing. If volume start rising at a 5%-or-more, then watching pricing and volume link up together, perhaps at times, that pricing having a bit of a lag, on a percentage basis, is not a bad way to think of it. That's what we said historically. I will clearly say that we have been outperforming that metric for the last several years. So I may have to come back and revisit the way that I've looked at that. Look, there's a lot of demand ahead of us in '18. I think that pushes a lot of demand and continued new growth in '19. We've talked about some tightness in places like Texas on cement mill. I think all of that conversation is actually very constructive for what we'll continue to be in this industry, in aggregates, in particular, a very attractive pricing market going forward. So I've done everything except give you percentages for next year, which, at some point, I will do. I just won't do it today. But I suppose what I'm saying, I don't see anything that makes us feel like that's going to be unattractive at all.
Ward Nye: It was interesting to see what Chairman Shuster did earlier this week, right? I mean, clearly as this Bill Shuster comes out of office, and of course, he's going to retire in January, he really laid out a plan that he knows is not going to be something that he's going to see happen just before he goes. But if you look at the plan that he rolled out here on the 23rd of July, he set out a couple of things: one, it's a plan that provides an additional $123 billion over 10 years and funded by $0.15 gas tax increase and a $0.20 diesel tax increase phased in over 3 years beginning in 2019. Now what he's also done is he's build a framework around because his view, I think, is everyone's view, and that is gas tax and diesel taxes over the long term are not the sustainable way to pay for infrastructure. So if we're looking at it, what we're seeing continuing to evolve and state levels, if we're looking at the way North Carolina or Georgia or Indiana or Iowa or Texas are paying for it, I think the simple fact is, you will likely see continued debate in Congress around the way to make sure they have good funding for this going forward. There is some talk that maybe we'll see some activity in lame duck. We've clearly seen that happen before. My personal guess is that you will not see that happen in lame duck because I think there's going to be a more robust debate around that. But again, I don't have individual conversations with Congressmen or Senators who don't get this. I don't have conversations in the U.S. Chamber of Commerce that are not very supportive of this. We don't have conversations with the American Trucking Association, who are not supportive of this. So my view is, yes, we will see it. I think it's hard to nail down exactly what the timing is going to be, but I actually thought what Chairman Shuster did this week was a very constructive step in fashioning the debate.
Ward Nye: Now, here's the way that I would encourage you to think about it. I think we think half 2 in Colorado is going to be a very impressive half 2. I think we think half 2 in Texas may be a very impressive half 2. And I think when you're having that type of half 2 in parts of the West, that is going to have an effect to a degree on incrementals. I think in part of what we're seeing in North Carolina is we're seeing good activity, but it's good activity that's building for even better activity going forward. The other component of it that I would bring you back to as well though is what's going on relative to energy in some of those markets. Because that's clearly going to, at least in the near term, have an impact on some of the incrementals. But I'll turn it over to Jim to see if he has any other comments that he'd like to offer on that as well, Trey.
Ward Nye: Look, Trey, that’s totally fancy [ph] outlook. And I think the key to that outlook is going back to what you just said. If we had continued economic emergence in the North Carolinas, South Carolinas, Georgias and Floridas of the world, that's where we're going.
Ward Nye: It's going to be really very modestly. You're talking about a couple of sites in the Midwest and we're talking about at approximately I want to say 1.2 million tons per annum. So, it’s -- Trey, it's nothing that I think is going to rock your model.
Ward Nye: Just a couple of things. One, I think it does reveal more than acceleration on the public side. Because we don't see a pullback in the private and in the markets in which we are operating. So if we're looking -- go back to the comments that we made last year as we wrapped up 2017. I think to the extent that people were surprised that volumes were down last year, we said, look, the issue simply this, public never showed up at the party. And I think what's happened this year's public is starting to make an appearance, but there's a much bigger appearance that they still have do make. And I think one of the things that's worth remembering on that is I did spend some time talking to those top 8 or 9 states, and what I'm trying to focus on as I was going through those was really what we see going on in the Colorado, and in Texas, and in Iowa, and the Maryland, and the Florida, and a Georgia, and South Carolina and North Carolina, all on public. And what we're seeing in those states over the last 18 to 24 months has been an effort to put much more consideration to that public sector. So I think, from where we're sitting, we think we should see a nice ramp up of that, and I don't think we're going to feel the negative from what's going on relative to the private either. I think, if we had a footprint that was not as Southeast and Southwest-driven, I feel modestly different about it. But again, so I'm looking at the footprint that we have from a private perspective, I feel really good. If I look at the footprint we have from a public perspective, I feel increasingly good.
Ward Nye: Yes. I guess, what we're saying is you just need to look and see where it is. If you're looking really looking at the ready mix business, what you want to look at from a Martin Marietta perspective, and you want to understand pricing is I want to encourage you to care about what's going on in Denver, and I would encourage you to care about what's going on in Dallas-Fort Worth. And then to the extent that you get gravy in that Southeast corner of Texas when there's energy activity, then that's really what it is. So if you're looking at pricing, and I say, look, it's up almost 6% in the Rockies, it's up 4% in that Northeast sector going out of the metroplex, and it's up 2.2% in Dallas, those really aren't disappointing numbers in my view, particularly if we're successful coming back in getting this price increase as we look at fall.
Ward Nye: It's also -- you're right, it's a strong market, and it's a big market. And it's a market that has a lot of players, Craig.
Ward Nye: Well, we put on a $6 per ton price increase in October, and we're talking to our customers about it right now, Craig. So my intention is we'll come back and talk you all about that when we have our conversation in November. But we're just looking to see how the market accepts that.
Ward Nye: No, I guess part of what I'm saying is 36.5% isn't a bad margin. So I'll take that every day. So maybe the primary things that you saw there is you saw some repairs in supply and contract services up about $2.2 million, about 12%. We had some planned and unplanned repairs to a rotary kiln and a silo and a clarifier. I think those issues are largely behind us. I think we anticipate a nice year for the rest of the year there. One thing that's worth noting is year-to-date capacity utilizations, steel is 76.3%, so that's up almost 3% from the 74.4% where it was in the prior year period. So again, as we look at the overall health of that business and the margins at 36.5%, there's just nothing to apologize for there. That's a very impressive performance.
Ward Nye: Think you again for joining our second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. We're committed to driving shareholder value through the disciplined execution of our strategic plan, as we elevate Martin Marietta from an industry leader to a globally recognized world-class organization. We're executing on improvement plan that's successfully generating superior performance for investors, and we look forward to discussing our third quarter 2018 results with you in November. As always, we are available for any follow-ups. Thank you for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta.
