C. Howard Nye: Sure, Kathryn. Let's talk about it in two different ways. Let's talk about the outlook; then let's talk about really what margins are going to look like, because we're all talking about growth. We're is talking about how much growth there's going to be. Because as I'm sitting here looking at what I think next year looks like, I think it's some of the best outlook we've seen in years. We have broad-based state DOT initiatives that are in place. We have residential reacceleration under way. We see good private sector, nonresidential work. There're some huge non-building projects, and what I think will be continued great pricing dynamics. But here's the way that I would encourage you to think about margin, Kathryn. Here's a great way, I think, to think of it. If we look at the margins that we kicked out in our business – incremental 77% across the business; you see what we did on the Aggregate space all by itself – here's a way to think of it. For the quarter – I'm looking at heritage tonnage right now. For the quarter, our heritage aggregates tonnage was 42.8 million. Last year, for the similar quarter, 40.6 million. So a couple million tons. Let's look at it through nine months. 106.5 million versus 104.3 million. Any way you look at it, it's about 2 million tons. Let's put that in context, and I think it helps with the margin. 2 million tons is about the size of what I would think is a really good quarry. One quarry. Here's the difference. That profit increased for the quarter – from those 2 million tons – for the quarter was $30 million. The profit increase through the nine months for those 2 million tons was $85 million. Remember what my comments were at the end of the commentary: When you have volume, price, and cost all working in the right direction, it's very powerful. Part of what we said on the incremental margins is when we get to the point that we've recovered half of the volume that we lost in the downturn – and remember, that was 80 million tons – we thought we'd see on average 60% incrementals in the business, and clearly what we're seeing right now on the rolled-up business is far better than that. If we're back to the notion of being at the beginning innings of a construction-centric recovery, and you're seeing that type of profitability over that small amount of tonnage – and keep in mind what this means, Kathryn. This is not with our most profitable business well yet. This is with our most profitable business starting to get well in Georgia and Florida and North Carolina. So if we see the type of acceleration in those markets that I hope we'll see, then the types of margins that you've seen in this quarter and otherwise I believe will continue to replicate themselves, and we're more than comfortable with that 60% margin that we put out there. That's a long answer, but your question's a good one. I wanted to be thorough with the response.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. I think you're just talking about what we're looking at relative to new projects. If you're looking at what's there and the volumes that we're likely to see on existing projects, again, that are multiyear, Todd, I think you're going to see a host of very strong multiyear projects that are already on the books. So really what I would tell you is this: are we seeing a bit of a slowing in the trajectory of some of the growth in Texas? I think the answer is yes. But if you're looking at the numbers and the way growth has been in that state over the last several years, it's been so heady that it almost has to naturally pull back while it's still growing. Now, here's where I think the wildcard is. If you want to tell me or others want to say, you know what, I think it's getting better in North Carolina and Georgia and Florida and South Carolina more quickly than you're saying, I'll take that, because I think there's going to be nice growth in those states as well. But, again, if you start seeing a higher rate of growth in heavy nonres in the Eastern United States, that's really going to be the swing factor in some of this. Because I think when we go to Texas and simply look at what's going on there, or Colorado or Iowa or others, it's going to continue to be very healthy. We're simply talking about rates of growth, and we're already seeing volumes in some of those states that are at very, very good levels. So if you're doing a compare across our geography and trying to sort out where is there, candidly, continued room for growth, it's in the East much more so than it is in the West. And the East has been a slower, steady growth pattern, really for the last two years, and you can see what the result is on the bottom line this year.
C. Howard Nye: Todd, I think that's true. I mean, the pricing in the East has always been higher than it's been in the West. And, look, do we want to see as much volume go as possible? We absolutely do. The primary thing we really want to do is make sure that we continue to make more money and deliver more value for our shareholders. And what I would suggest to you, I think the results from the quarter are spectacular. I think what we're having this year is an outstanding year. I think we're going to have a better year next year, and I think the parts of the country, to your point, that have historically been our most profitable parts of the country are continuing to get better. And I think the level at which they're getting better is starting to outpace other parts of the country. And by the way, they're overdue. That's not a surprise.
C. Howard Nye: No, Todd, it absolutely, positively is. And probably the parts of the country where you have less labor issues than others might be in parts of South Texas, where you have some of the people who are directly involved in energy not necessarily directly involved in some of that work. But if we're in Colorado, it's tight. If we're in Iowa, it's tight. If we're here in the Carolinas and Georgia and South Carolina and increasingly in Florida, it's tight. And that's one of the reasons that when we were talking about how much volume we could recover in half 2 relative to those torrential rains that occurred in half 1 in the United States or in Texas, in particular, we had some concerns about that. It's still a concern in markets like DFW and North Texas, in particular. Because, again, that economy, we talked about the fact that's the best single-family housing market in the United States. So you can imagine the type of activity that can be there. So the supply chain, the ability to deliver, et cetera, is challenged in those marketplaces. No question, Todd.
C. Howard Nye: Sure, Garik. We've actually always been pretty consistent on that, and that is, in a circumstance where you believe you have more muted growth than others, meaning really sub-5%, then pricing as a percent and volume as a percent have – end up being relatively tied to each other, particularly as you go up the ladder right now. So what I would say is, if I'm looking at pricing across our group right now, you saw the up 5%, at the same time, if I'm looking at it on a group-by-group basis, not surprisingly, we're seeing bigger price increases on a percentage basis in the Western United States, in large part because there's room for that in the West because it's been lower. But what I would suggest, Garik, is the view that we've shared really for the last couple of years on pricing has not materially changed.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. Sure, we'll try to do that. I mean, here's the way that I would think about it, first of all. Let's talk about some of the dynamic that simply occurs because we're not going to be in cement in California anymore. So let's start with that and talk about the picture that you saw for the quarter, because I think that's important to really understand and have context around. So 70% of the volume decline for the quarter was attributable to Riverside in California. So what you had immediately is when the deal's announced, you had certain customers who were seeing a change in that marketplace, who were seeing a non-vertically integrated player, ourselves, going away, and the downstream customers realigning themselves. So that was what we really saw in the quarter. If we back away from that, really, you're looking at cement volumes down 4%. Our quick snapshot is of the 4%, about 2% of that is cement that's no longer finding its way to oil or the oil patch or others, trying to find a home for some of that. And the other, I think, is directly to your point, Garik, and that is you do have a new importer right now in South Texas, and there has been some share that's gone there. What I think we're focused on is value right now. To your point, we're looking at a $12-a-ton price increase in April. We are the market leader in Texas, and we have a lot of conviction around that. As I look at what Texas capacity is and look at what Texas demand is, both in 2016 and 2017, I'm seeing something in 2016 that's going to be close to 2.8 million tons of deficit. I'm seeing what people are projecting to be about a 3.2 million ton deficit as we go into 2017. So, as we're sitting here with what I feel like are very attractive and efficient plants, both in North Texas and Central Texas, I mean, here's what I'll tell you. What we have done relative to the efficiencies at Midlothian and Hunter during the time that we've been there, I think, is impressive. We can run plants in Texas as efficiently as anybody. If we want to go and get share, we can go and get share. That's not how I think we're going to put value for our shareholders today, and we're resilient on making sure that we're getting the price in that marketplace. I'm confident that we can. And the fact is, at certain levels, and I think this is where we are, price is more valuable than volume. So if you come back and take a look at what our performance was in the quarter, remember what I said in my comments. Our cement results were impressive, and we believe that. And I believe we've got a very good team. I think we've got superb locations. I think we've got great operations. And I think given the dynamic in that marketplace, I feel pretty good about it, if you can't tell.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. I mean, if we're just looking at – we'll talk about the West Group for a second, because what we're really seeing if we look at the West Group is we saw tonnage – 15 million tons versus 14 million in the prior year. One thing to remember is North Troy tonnage is in there for last year, so that's going to throw that off pretty markedly. Frankly, if we look at what we see in Texas for next year, I think that's probably what you're pretty interested in, too. And I got to tell you I feel pretty good about it. I mean, if we break it down and look at it this way, Keith, I mean, North Texas, I think the market there next year is better than it is this year, in large part driven by very large projects. The Horseshoe Project in downtown Dallas, as well as I-35 E and W are both going to be under way in North Texas, in the metroplex. State Highway 183 is very much under way. Even when we move farther south to Houston, part of what I look at is not just what we have awarded – and by the way, that's I-69 and Farm Market Roads 1488 and 1774, and some of the work that we have at Freeport LNG, but really what's coming – and I'm seeing good work relative to the Harris County Tollway Authority, good TxDOT work, good work also at Bush Airport. And then when we come down to South Texas, and we're looking at the large energy and infrastructure projects that really, in my view, support a good business in 2016 and beyond at Chenier at the pipe plants, Harbor Bridge, and otherwise, the volume that I think we're going to see in Texas on these long-lived projects is really attractive. The other thing that I'm moved by in Texas right now is TxDOT already has a big budget, but if you spoke to the people at TxDOT, what they would tell you is it looks good, backlogs are good, going forward with work it looks attractive. And by the way, when we start putting this Prop 7 money to it, it's going to feel like it's some degree of steroids. So, again, you're talking big numbers in a state that already has big numbers, but what it gives me a sense of, Keith, is it's likely to be healthy there for a good while going forward. Did you need more? I'm happy to talk more about Texas, I want to make sure I'm answering you.
C. Howard Nye: No, that was not the case. So if I'm looking across our Southwest division, I'm seeing aggregate volumes up in almost every district that I'm seeing, and many of them at or close to double digits. And I'm seeing price up without exception in every district, just to be granular on that.
C. Howard Nye: I just think you've got some of the supply chain issues with ready mix and otherwise that we were actually talking to previously on the call with Todd. Actually I think in North Texas it was pretty good. I think the issue that we discussed is really some of the import and other issues more focused on Houston right now. And as I said, did we give up a little bit of share in that part of Texas? Absolutely we did. Do I regret it? No, I don't. Do I think price is more valuable? I do.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. Yeah, I think it probably is. I think when you go back – and I think it's trajectory and multiyear nature of it. I think that's probably what people are reading or not reading into it, because if the sense is that we feel like nonres is going off a cliff in Texas, that's not what we're seeing. I think it's the bigger issue is what kind of pop are you going to see east of the Mississippi? I think there's going to be one. I think the question is we're going to quibble over how much and when, and at some point we'll all look at it in our rearview mirrors and be right.
C. Howard Nye: I guess, my sense is – obviously Argos is coming into South Texas right now with probably – let's call it a half a million tons of cement. I do think that's a tough move for a lot of people to make simply because of logistics. Clearly, that's not something that's going to have any significant impact, for example, on a Dallas-Fort Worth type market. I think you need to remember, too, that the vast majority of players who are in that market are also domestic producers. So the short answer is unless some cement comes in, you simply can't meet the market demand. That said, I think the plants that are in that state are good, efficient plants. I think in large part the need for much advanced imports in that state will not be particularly acute. I'd be surprised if we saw that. So I don't see a marked change coming in that marketplace, Ted, at least from a logistics and a practical perspective.
C. Howard Nye: I mean, Ted, they'll be substantially gone by the end of the year. I mean – Ted, I'm sorry, Trey. They'll be substantially gone by year-end.
C. Howard Nye: I think in large part, what – I'm not sure you're missing anything per se, Craig. I think a lot of it goes back to how much can the market absorb right now, given logistics and other downstream constraints that I think the market is just generally faced with as we speak. And I think a lot of the makeup – if you can give me a good sense of how long weather will at least be warm and dry into Q4, honestly, I think that's your big swing factor. So what I'm more focused on is when I come back and take a look at pricing for the quarter, I'm not disappointed on pricing in the quarter. And again, I think pricing next year is going to be a very good story. And if we can run effectively through Thanksgiving, you can have a Q4 that could make up some of that volume. That's really your swing factor, Craig. I don't think we ever anticipated Q3 was going to be a period of time where you'd see a lot of makeup on that.
C. Howard Nye: No, it's pretty broadly macro with a dash of what we're seeing, again, very preliminarily relative to some of the local markets. I mean, obviously, we're going to come back when we get in Q1 and we roll up the full year and give you a sense of how we feel like all of that's going to roll up. But the fact is, if you look at the way that we've done it over the years, I think what you're going to find, Craig, is we tend to be relatively conservative in the way that we roll that up. And I think that's one of the reasons that we're good on costs as well. I think good, slow, steady growth helps us relative to how we spend our dollars, how we hire people, and how we plan. So I think if there's a bias there built in, in Martin Marietta, it's one toward conservatism.
C. Howard Nye: Oh, yeah, I think the important thing to remember is we're talking about volume growth expectations, and I think the other thing to keep in mind is what we're doing with those volume growth expectations is putting some very serious money on the bottom line. So if you're looking at the performance of this business and what our people do, if there's anything in the performance of the business that's disappointing to people, I'm at a loss on what that can be. We can control a lot of things at Raleigh, Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, other places. Volume isn't necessarily one of them, but when it comes our way, we can make money with it. And that's very much what we're doing. And, again, we're talking about growth. We're only quibbling over what the amount of growth is going to look like. And, again, if we're tending toward conservatism and we have downstream markets that are tough to take increased volume simply because you've got trucking and other issues that are under some degree of duress, I'm not sure that that's a fair view of a problem with the market, because we don't see that right now.
C. Howard Nye: Well, I mean, look, weather has been a challenge. I mean very candidly, we've got a quarry north of Columbia, South Carolina, that has 4 billion gallons in it. I mean, the Broad River came out of its banks and filled it up. And we'll pump it out, and we'll put it right back in the Broad River. The quarry happens to be a rail-connected quarry. And as you'll recall, Craig, we've got the largest rail-connected quarry system in the United States in the Aggregates business. So we can go into the marketplaces that can now not be served by north Columbia by rail from other quarries, and we can equally come into markets by boat. So from a market service perspective, I don't think we're going to be that affected by it. From an efficiency perspective, can we be affected by it? Yeah. And I guess the other thing that I would say is insurance in circumstances like that is pretty difficult to have. So you, in large part, tend to be relatively self-insured. And so what I would tell you is there's going to be some capital that's going to be utilized in that as we go forward. And the other thing, just in fairness, we did experience over the weekend pretty considerable rain events in Central and South Texas as well. And at our Webberville facility outside of Austin, we got a lot more water there than we typically would. And at Garwood Sand & Gravel which is typically a wet operation, we've had more water there than usual. Again, do I view these as material? No, I don't. Are they issues that can affect pure efficiencies in some markets? Sure. But, as we said in the commentary, relative to Q4, weather is the single most important variable on the way that quarter's going to play out.
C. Howard Nye: No, we will not. I mean, when you've got a quarry that's got several billion gallons – and that's what it has, several billion gallons of water in it – you can expect that to take the better part of half a year as opposed to a matter of weeks or months.
C. Howard Nye: Well, we sold OG for $420 million. We've got basically the $25 million that we referenced relative to some environmental indemnities and some inventory write-downs. So there's your quick math, Trey.
C. Howard Nye: Thanks again for joining our third quarter earnings call. We're enthusiastic about the opportunities to generate strong cash flow and return value to shareholders through our dividend and the repurchase program that we were just discussing. We look forward to talking with you more about our fourth quarter and full-year results with you in February. Thanks for your time today and your continued support of our company.
Anne H. Lloyd: And, Todd, I think if there was one uniform message that – as you know, our planning process has us travel around country. The one uniform message that we had, really, from almost every part of the geographies, was dealing with labor, and that impact on the supply chain.
Anne H. Lloyd: And, Keith, if you think about it, Keith, there is still overhang from weather in the second quarter. You'll recall we talked about the fact that the clinker barns are full, the silos are full. So you have that, coupled with some new capacity, particularly coming into that South Texas area. That, to us, is really some of the dislocation during that period.
Anne H. Lloyd: Yeah, Ted. You're looking at some increased repair and maintenance costs, some increased overtime costs of your employees as you ramp that up versus adding a lot of new heads. Those are probably the two principal drivers.
Anne H. Lloyd: I think we'll start with pension, because that one is really what's going to be – the corporate AA bond rate at the end of 2015 will set whatever that pension cost is going to be. So you can look at the sensitivity that we have disclosed for 25 basis points movements there to tell you whether or not there should be anything that happens on the pension side. I think we will see – I don't think that we'll have big general wage inflation. I do think we'll potentially see some increase in overtime. I think as we continue to invest in our rolling stock, we should see maintenance and repair stabilize. I would also expect that for some what I would call energy derivative consumables, we consume a lot of rubber, we consume a lot of lubricants and other types of energy derivative costs, explosives. I would expect that the benefit we've seen from diesel in 2015 begin to carry its way through those types of products as we move into 2016.
Anne H. Lloyd: Yeah. Trey, as we indicated, in anticipation of the sale, we went ahead and accelerated the purchase against that $420 million.
Anne H. Lloyd: So you should net it out, and it will have the expectations that we should complete the balance of that.
Keith Hughes: Well, it's a lot of information, and without context it doesn't mean a lot. Basically my question was you saw cement volume down, effectively 4% that you were saying earlier in the call. I assume aggregates would go along with that. Was that the case in the -
Keith Hughes: And – thank you for that. I guess final question. It was talked about in the initial question on the call, the delta between your commentary on nonresidential and the growth – the forecast in the press release of low single digits or modest growth, whatever you want to call it.
Keith Hughes: I guess Texas trajectory, is that the difference there versus what I think many would've expected you to say about nonresidential, or were there other -
Ted Grace: Ward, just as a point of clarity, you framed your outlook for 2016. You mentioned that it was done in conjunction with McGraw-Hill's forecasts, and I very much interpret it to be Martin's outlook for those end markets. But obviously McGraw-Hill kind of models stuff nationally.
Ted Grace: Yeah. That's very helpful. On the Texas cement topic, I know you talked about the markets running in deficit of about 3 million tons in 2016 and 2017 -
Ted Grace: – based off the most current analysis. I guess, what's the clearing mechanism for the market? I mean, is this a scenario where new imports find themselves into Texas to kind of clear the market? Is it demand destruction because pricing goes up? I mean, just – I think – we've gotten a lot of question on, I think, people's concerns that there will be more imports into Texas. So it'd be helpful just to get your guys' kind of perspective on that issue, and if you think that's a likely source of incremental supply.
Ted Grace: Okay. All right. Super. I'll leave it there. I know there are other people in the queue. Good luck this quarter, guys.
