Howard Nye: Kathryn, interesting question, short answer is we are not seeing state slowdown, we are hearing states talk about slowing down. So, our take is – the talk is more prevalent right now than the action is. This issue may recall states like Colorado earlier in the year came out and definitively said that they would move more slowly on public works. We haven’t necessarily seen that but in some instances, where we have seen edges of that. What’s happened is private work has been so robust. It’s pushing up public working to 2015 is actually something that we would welcome. So, that’s the primary take that we are seeing, but as we look at the states in which we are most active Texas, Colorado, Iowa, North Carolina, Florida, we don’t see it. Obviously, public works in Georgia has been under some degree – over the last several years period and if you look at what’s going on there, Kathryn, the city of projects in Georgia right now in the northwest parkway is this large, is the Georgia DOT budgeted. So coming back and answering the other part of your question, states like Georgia, North Carolina, soon is what we believe is kind of the I77 hot lane, Florida with I4, Colorado on Highway 36. Obviously, a lot of Texas C3 work right now. Those are the states that we are principally seeing that type of public private partnerships. We see a lot of those projects going now and believe that they will turn actually into same year projects in the foremost time. But that’s what we are seeing and I hope that’s responsive to your question.
Howard Nye: So, when we look at Q1, several things we really have, you saw a geographic shift to the west and you are seeing more base activity particularly in markets like Houston. That was the primary shift that we are seeing. I think you saw that shift aside from the volume, I mean, obviously you had much more volume in the last – at 22% top in the west. I mean, that’s a notable number. So I think you had to take that into account. But from a pure mix perspective on product mix, we didn’t see that much of a shift or something that I would say is notable with one exception and that’s in Colorado, because we are selling a lot of fill materials in that market as they come nearly 9%. So Kathryn what we are seeing across the front is good solid steady price increases and of course I mentioned in our commentary as well that we saw a good number of mid-year price increase.
Howard Nye: I think several things, I think you are just seeing more new work and I think you are seeing more new work in two different dimensions. So I think you are seeing more new work in some divisions. You are seeing more new work in commercial construction and you are seeing more new work in these T-type projects going forward. So I think simply that’s product that’s more in demand and demand tends to drive product type. So think that’s primarily what we are seeing Kathryn.
Howard Nye: And what – as we look at mid-years, this year I am happy to report that we are seeing mid-year price increases in all divisions including specialty products. We actually saw wider slots as mid-year price increases this year and sure a number of them we saw last year. The blend goes anywhere from a low of up $0.30 a ton up to – in some instances to $2 a ton in aggregate, we’ve seen changes of $5 to $10 for cubic yard and ready mix. And of course, I mentioned in our commentary that we will talk more about TXI – our build per quarter . One thing we had to add under our belt is the ability to go and put in a cement price increase in both Texas and California and we will look for $10 a ton in both of those markets effective October 1.
Howard Nye: And I mean the, the quick answer is, during the quarter, we reduced aggregate’s finished goods by million times and what you do when you do that is you effectively release the related capitalized costs into earnings. So as operations principally in our west and southeast groups use the inventory stockpiles to meet demand. The action we saw happened that was pulled down. Now as a reminder, during the second quarter of last year, we build over 2 million tons of inventories and again that was primarily the west group. So when you have that type of swing in inventories, what we saw at the end of the day was consolidated cost of sales were adversely affected by a little bit north of $13 million. That was the swing.
Howard Nye: Sure, and here is the way I would think about that, Lee. If we look at maintenance and repair and the part of our company that has seen volumes going well for a while and let’s focus on the west group, because that’s where our volume recovery has been more constant. Our MNR numbers in the west group are actually favorable. Now what’s happening is we are seeing our – it’s not horribly robust but we are seeing volume go up in both the southeast and in mid-America. So again, mid-America, 5.1, southeast up 7.3. What happens when you see that for the first time in a while is basically you are re-commissioning rolling style. And you are going to have certain costs as you re-commission it and then push it forward for some period of time and hopefully you won’t see that cost recur. So as we come back and look at that, clearly, we saw a rise in that in portions of the southeast and in portions of mid-America as volume then grew. It tended to be focused really on rolling stock, so primarily loaders, and I think that’s the primary issue. The other thing that I did mentioned in my commentary, I think it probably did us to the tune of a couple of million bucks was purely what was happening with some of the costs that were inherent and the weather that we were seeing in the mid-western United States. A lot of wind, some conveyor damage that came from that literally soft ball sized in part of that, and as I mentioned, one of the wettest Junes and in nearly 150 years. So, that does have an effect particularly when you are entering Q2 as we were.
Howard Nye: Right, I think, Jack we have said it. I think we are in a time and you’ve heard us say it over the last, really a year that where you are today matters more than it has than any other time in our industry and such that you pause and look at housing in our markets right now, some of the numbers that I have seen, these are percentage changes over the last 12 months. North Georgia, clearly a market that has suffered disproportionately up 27%. San Antonio, a market that’s seen a lot of growth over the last several years still up 27%, Virginia up 26%, Florida, up 23%, parts of North Carolina, up 21%, Greensborough, the Triad has really had a tough time in this downturn, those numbers were up 12% and even if I go to a market like Houston that we would have told you a year ago it was not an recovery. But was an expansion even during that period of time that’s been an expansion. We are seeing numbers there up 11% right now. And I think part of what’s happening is you are seeing two things to in residential right now. You continue to see good multi-family. So we are writing around here in Raleigh anecdotally what’s going on. I am going to see a lot more multi-family in this market and I am going to see single-family in this market. But what that tells me is the single-family is likely coming behind that, Jack. So, I think as we look at our individual markets, I am not particularly alarmed by the more macro trends. So I think it’s about where you are.
Howard Nye: And what if you want to go back and take a look, obviously, non-res for us last year was around 30% and if we look at what non-res was for the quarter, again, it’s lining up in a pretty healthy place. It was about 31% for the quarter. If we look at shale for all of last year, Jack, shale for last year was around 6.7 million tons and as we look at where we are this year, we see shale being healthier in 2014 than it was in 2013. For example, we are expecting annual growth in the Niobrara by itself of 10% to 15% and we continue to see good strength in Eagle ford. And surprising strength right now in Haynesville and I guess the one that continues to surprise me, we saw over 1 million tons last year simply going to the Marcellus. So that gives you a rack up of what’s going on in those shale plays is how that fits into the overall non-res.
Howard Nye: Well, Jerry, I think that can be a more considerable portion next year. If we look at what’s out there right now and markets that matter to us. In Georgia’s northwest corridor, in Texas, Grand Parkway has took your money, in California they are going to be a few that’s going forward, I think we should have some impact on. But if we look at what the likely next round of approvals is going to be, that’s much more meaningful to us. So in Texas, interstate 35 is in queue and North Carolina I-77 is. In Ohio, it’s 5 – in Florida we know I4 ultimate is going forward, but it’s going to get $50. So those are the ones that we think will stay in the next round of approvals. Even beyond that if we pause and take a look at what I think is in the queue but we are uncertain on the level of timing, there are couple of projects in Florida, really in the Tampa corridor. If you combine those two, you’ve still got the mid- Mid-Currituck Bridge in North Carolina. That's a $611 million project. And then by my last count, there were at least five other projects, state highway 288, 183, and Padre Island, and route 4 – I am sorry, those four in Texas and then two more in Virginia. So as we tally up what the work is that we think is, A, likely next round. We think those are pretty big and impactful projects to us and then when we look at the ones that have a more uncertain future timing. We think those two can be impact to us given the fact that much of it disproportionate number of it is either in Florida where we are the infrastructure people in Texas where we are a market leader.
Howard Nye: You know what, okay. If we look at I35 east and Texas at $1.4 billion, I77 in North Carolina, the 50 is funding is over $0.5 billion the bridge and I mean the bypass in Ohio was $819 million and I4, again the TIFIA funding, $2.7 billion.
Howard Nye: Here is the way that we are going to approach that Jerry and part of what I think I need to explain is like a process works when you are in a DOJ governed transaction like this, because part of what we recognize is until we had DOJ approval to close this deal, we couldn’t be certain that they was going to go. We felt confident that would but you can’t ever bid on. So what we never said, take our local management and put them in that business. We had people here at our headquarters looking at that. But Larry Robert, I mentioned Bob Kidnew in particular who is riding our Cement business has literally had 30 days of hands on time in that business. So what we are focused on right now is recognizing that the TXI Martin Marietta business that’s combined together going forward is a very different business and the TXI was the ruling here. And the management team that was there and responsible for that business is in large part not a part of the business going forward. So what we are going to do is really get this under our belt, come back and talk you about it the next earnings call. But what I’ll tell you is this, we have found nothing in our integration activities. We have done nothing in anything that we’ve done that has in any way diminished. How good we feel about this transaction and we feel very, very confident and comfortable that the numbers and strategies that we’ve laid out are very achievable.
Howard Nye: We will talk about that a little bit more in the third quarter. I mean, part of what we said for a while is particularly on base products, again, I don't think this is Martin Marietta issue, I think it's an industry issue. As the industry was going through the downturn and we were having to play more for clean washed stone, because that's what a lot of the stimulus work was and otherwise. People were genuinely building base. And then part of the earlier questions we had is, why are we seeing base pricing going up. Part of what we are seeing is more base activity out there. So again, it is not something that I lament. I think being able to go and rebalance the inventories is actually a very responsible and appropriate thing for us to do. And in some respects, Jerry, I hope we are faced with that problem. And I put problem in quotation marks.
Howard Nye: And Jerry as a reminder, we do have an authorization as Anne said to repurchase up to 5 million shares. So, just as a reminder that is there.
Howard Nye: The short answer, I think it is impacting some of the industry or much of the industry now, particularly with respect to trucking. And I think as you get into areas where there is a great deal of shale activity. So if you are looking at parts of Niobrara, or you are looking at parts of South Texas where there is some lot of trucking that’s been utilized in those shale plays and by the way pretty well paid trucking activities, it’s hard at times to get the truck. So, I think, when you factor that out realistically, it is a challenge in some markets. It’s not a challenge in all of them. But if we look at trucking today versus where trucking was a year ago, it is a more difficult component today. The rail business is spotty. I mean, there are going to be some places that you are going to see services to actually going to go very well. There are going to be others and service is going to be more challenged. I wish I could tell you there was a – that did to the way that that works, I don’t know that there is, in fact I am relatively confident that there is not. So, Chris, if I am sitting for you are, I would factor a little bit of trucking difficulties into these markets. Some of them, but I think not just for this year, that’s probably a multi-year issue that the industry has to be sensitive to in playing around.
Howard Nye: I think, it’s price matter. I think the timing is going to be relatively immediate. I mean, that there is going to be some protection that is going to be in various markets, but at the same time, I think one of the reasons that we are talking thus far in advances to let people know this is coming. And part of what we have been very focused on is making sure that we are running that new TXI business absolutely sufficiently as we can and I think what this is indicative of is, we see a very good market in both Texas and California not measured by a period of months, and I think in particular measured by a period of years and I think we have an opportunity to make sure we are capturing value in that product.
Howard Nye: Trey, exactly it’s something that we would talk to more with you about going forward and I think the primary thing that we are focused on is making sure that we are making money. I mean, that’s what that game is about, that’s what we are going to do and that’s what the focus is going to me and Bob Kidnew and his team understand that very well.
Howard Nye: I mean, most of the volume and price strength that we are seeing right now is really more driven and what we are seeing in our Colorado operations and I think if we are looking at what’s going on there, pricing has moved very, very nicely. Volume equally has moved well in that market. Again, the housing market is performing, the non-residential market is performing. Keep in mind, that’s going to be disproportionately driven in some instances, particularly in Rocky Mounts by private work anyway. So that is it need to be solid for us. We continue to feel like that’s going to be very good and we believe that, if we are looking what’s going on in the Dallas Fort Worth area, is particular right now, I mean there is just an immense amount of infrastructure work that’s going on in DFW. If you look at what’s going in with respect to single-family homes that got the lowest foreclosure rates in Dallas today that they had in 10 years. Sales were up 7% in June with over 9000 sold. That was really an all time high. So as we are seeing that type of massive infrastructure work that’s underway in that market. When we are seeing more and more commercial work, I mean to give you a sense of it right now, there is about 4.3 million square feet of construction underway just in Dallas. So we are seeing that in non-res. We are seeing that in res and then we are coming back and seeing, I 35 east, 635 state highway 184, lot of Dallas Area Rapid Transit or the DART work in that market as well. I think that bodes awfully well for what the ready mix business can look like in DSW and that’s the other big market that we have post TXI.
Howard Nye: Garik , as we go back in time and look at cycles, the latter is what’s almost always been. It’s almost been a step-function increase and then you go ahead and address the issues and then it evens out and you move forward. And I think, and so we saw it during the quarter.
Howard Nye: Well, you know what, that’s an easy one to say because mix was actually not our friend. In the southeast this quarter, we are going better that notion that you see a lot of new construction there. So actually everything that you see in that number is the real McCoy.
Howard Nye: No absolutely – thanks for the question on that. As you know, that the assets that would divest as part of the transaction are actually heritage Martin Marietta assets which means from a timing perspective we recognize going in and that was likely to be the result. So, we were in a position to go ahead and start looking at options with respect to those sites earlier as opposed to layer, because they weren’t TXI sites. They were our own. So we can have the conversation. Our aim is this Garik, we are mature in that process. We believe it’s moving in a very constructive fashion right now and if we are still talking about a process at the next quarterly call, I’ll be disappointed. I think, we will have that done before you and I have a conversation like this again.
Howard Nye: I mean, what we are doing is, we do have a whole separate quarter. So we are looking at North Troy separately from the rest of our business, but if you go back to what I’ve said about our teams and the fact that we had to operate in a very bifurcated fashion going through the diligence, we are having to do the same thing with North Troy right now. So, you understand it Garik.
Howard Nye: You know what, obviously, we are looking at trying to finish up really a lot of just a pure integration right now, Garik. I’ll tell you, there is not a component of this business. That has been a surprise to us. There is nothing that has been a negative headwind. Obviously, I think we can come back and talk about what we think next year is going to look like, what pricing is going to look like and a host of markets including the FW at some point later in the year and I think that’s probably the best thing for us to do right now.
Howard Nye: Last year, we said it was – from a division it’s all up, last year we said it was going to be about half of our districts and this year it’s comfortably more than half of our districts. Ted Grace – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, great. I'll get back in line. Thanks guys. Good luck this quarter.
Howard Nye: What we had said, we felt there was probably about $100 million worth of excess property there. We continue to feel very comfortable around that number. It is something that we are focused on. I don’t want to give you a precise timing on when that will go because real estate are real estate deals. But again, we feel like comfortable within a couple of years we would have dealt with that. 
Howard Nye: Thanks again for joining our second quarter earnings call and for your interest in our company. And as you know, we are committed to a very disciplined approach and our aim is to grow long-term shareholder value and we look forward to talking more about our heritage business and our new business with you when we meet next in October. Until then, take care, and thank you for your interest.
Anne Lloyd: Jerry, it’s Anne and I would say that, possibly you could see some in Q3. Now if volumes continue to be as strong as they were in the second quarter, we could likely begin to see some inventory build as we hit the last part of the year to get ready for a strong construction season in 2015. But again, we will see that as we move through the balance of the quarter and complete our planning for 2015.
Anne Lloyd: Okay. Thank you, Jerry. That’s a great question. I think one of the beauties of this transaction is it droves off tremendous amounts of cash and that as we’ve said, we thought we would be cash flow accretive within the year after the transaction was complete. So that will give us the opportunity to continue to look at capital deployment strategies. As always, we look at the strategy that the opportunities present themselves. But, it’s always looking at acquisitions to see in those places where we can continue to execute against our strategic plan to gain leading market positions across the US. Obviously, we have some organic capital needs. We’ve estimated about $50 million this year for TXI on top of the capital deployment that will do here and then we do have an outstanding authorization for share buyback. Then we firmly believe that a share buyback plan is an important part of the capital allocation strategy as we continue to get – build out the cash transaction. We have committed to maintain an investment grade balance sheet and I think that’s important to our public debt holders and these things will have plenty of opportunity there. 
Anne Lloyd: What we do see, Chris, thought is, historically as activity picks up and demand picks up, rail shortage, rail movement shortage is not uncommon. I’ve kind of take it as a good sign that economic recovery is expanding beyond just the construction materials business, while that real shortage can create challenges and also creates opportunities, because we’ve got a nice rail network that we can leverage and it also gives you the opportunity to realize the value of the products that you are moving.Chris Olin – Cleveland Research Company: Okay, that's all I had. Thank you.
Anne Lloyd: And Trey, we had indicated in earlier comment, as we rolled out all the public – required public disclosures of the TXI transaction that, about a third of TXI’s existing volume was covered under some form of longer term agreements. Those should be substantially gone by the end of this calendar year.
Anne Lloyd: If you look at inventory today for the aggregates business, we are about 54 million tons as of June 30 and last year we are about 65.4 million tons. Ted Grace – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay and 1Q, if you don't mind.
Anne Lloyd: I apologize, Ted, I don’t have 1Q in front of me. I usually look at in a quarter based on what’s going on from the 12/31 perspective. Ted Grace – Susquehanna Financial Group: Sure.
Anne Lloyd: Yes, Stanley, we have indicated that we thought we would realize those NOLs over about a two to three year period. And from a pacing perspective, it’s going to depend on the earnings dynamic. Of course, we’ve not provided any – well. And I can tell you, if you think about TXI’s legal entities for those fiscal year, the short period and for the calendar year, you are probably going to actually increase the NOLs this year. You think about the one-time costs related to the transaction et cetera that I’ll get – have deductibility. So, I think the pacing of those really begins to pick up in 2015 and probably realizes over a three year period. 
