Jim Nickolas: Thank you, Ward and good morning, everyone. The Building Materials business posted record quarterly revenue of $1.92 billion, a 10.5% increase over last year's third quarter and record quarterly gross profit of $649.5 million, a year-over-year increase of 38.4%. Aggregates gross profit improved to 32.1% relative to the prior year period to a record $440.6 million, as pricing growth more than offset lower shipments and higher production costs, underscoring the strength and effectiveness of our value-over-volume commercial strategy, as a distinguishing hallmark to grow profitability through economic cycles. The business also achieved an aggregate gross profit margin of 36.2%, setting a new all-time profitability record despite the shipment decline. Our Texas Cement business also extended its track record of outstanding performance. Revenues increased 18.3% to $199.1 million, while gross profit increased 61.5% to $108.7 million. Pricing growth and lower energy costs, more than offset higher raw materials and maintenance costs. Domestic production capacity constraints and robust demand continue to drive extremely tight supply particularly in North Texas. As a reminder, Martin Marietta has taken two notable steps to increase our Texas Cement production capacity to capitalize on the supply-demand dynamics. First, we've homely converted our construction cement customers from Type 1, Type 2 cement to less carbon-intensive Portland-limestone cement also known as Type 1L, at both our Midlothian and Hunter Texas plants. This conversion not only reduces our carbon footprint, but also expanded our production capacity by approximately 10%. Second, our Midlothian Texas plant is installing a new finish mill, providing 450,000 tons of incremental high-margin annual production capacity. This project should be fully operational in the third quarter of 2024. As previously discussed, we began utilizing the new silos to low customer trucks in July. In addition to increasing cement storage capacity by over 60%, these silos have considerably enhanced the customer experience by reducing lot cycle times and are saving our customers up to an hour at peak shipping times each day. Our concrete revenues increased 25.3% to $285.2 million and gross profit increased 81.8% to $34.1 million, driven primarily by steady volume growth pricing gains and mega project contributions which more than offset higher upstream raw material and delivery costs. Our asphalt and paying revenues increased 14.6% on $359.9 million and gross profit increased 33% to $66.1 million, reflecting higher selling prices and lower bitumen costs. Magnesia Specialties revenues totaled $75.5 million in the third quarter in line with the prior period and gross profit increased 3.6% to $21.4 million, softening demand in certain Magnesia end markets including TPO roofing and metal lining was more than offset by commercial and operational excellence initiatives and energy tailwinds. We expect demand to soften due to labor unrest in the automotive sector and Magnesia end-markets remaining weak in the fourth quarter and as such have reduced our Magnesia Specialties full year gross profit guidance. During the quarter, our Board of Directors approved a 12% increase to our quarterly cash dividend paid in September, demonstrating its confidence in the durability and sustainability of our company's future growth and free cash flow generation. Our annualized cash dividend rate is now $2.96. Since our repurchase authorization announcement in February 2015, we have returned a total of $2.6 billion to shareholders through a combination of meaningful and sustainable dividends as well as share repurchases. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.8 times as of September 30th, representing balance sheet strength and flexibility to responsibly grow through quality acquisitions and prudent capital investments, while returning capital to Martin Marietta to shareholders. To conclude my prepared remarks, I want to emphasize that the record-breaking financial performance of this quarter and year-to-date has demonstrated a disciplined execution of our value over volume commercial strategy yields higher margins, higher profits and higher cash flow without the benefit of growing volumes. With that, I'll turn the call back to Ward.
Jim Nickolas: Yes. No it's just that the cost inflation continues to moderate slightly still elevated compared to historical levels. But again as we've demonstrated this year, we expect it to happen next year pricing growth exceeds cost inflation. So we do expect margins to expand next year.
Jim Nickolas: Yes. I mean, obviously, the bitumen pricing costs did help the asphalt pay business. improve margins. It wasn't wholly due to that of course. But on the ready mixed side I would say was very, very little additive from the lower energy costs. So hopefully that answers the question too just rounding out what Ward provided.
Jim Nickolas: Yeah. So Q4 I would say look generally speaking look at the midpoint of whatever we put out that sort of -- the best way to think about it. What could push it to the bottom end? Ward mentioned obviously bad weather, rainy weather in Texas, early winter in the north part of our footprint. And then, of course, there's cost timing and shifts. There's nothing fundamentally happening that's troubling. Costs could shift from one quarter to the next causing volatility. It was slipped into Q1 that would help Q4. If they don't that would hurt Q4. So I think I'd just stick with the midpoint for now Adam and go with that.
Ward Nye: You bet. Kathryn thanks for the question. So, several things. Can it affect degrees of tonnage going out the gate? Yes, it can. So if we're looking at the tonnage down this quarter versus the prior year quarter probably a little bit less than half of that was due to value over volume. And by the way, we're perfectly okay with that. We've got depleting reserves. That said, on average, we've got 70 years of reserves at current extraction rates. So we've got a long-lived business. But we know the reserves are worth more in the ground tomorrow than they are today. And if we're looking at really where we're seeding some share on, it tends to be lower-margin products. In other words things like base and fines. So part of what we're trying to do is we're talking with our customers to make sure that they understand really twice a year is something that we're looking at on revisiting our pricing. The other thing that's important to keep in mind relative to aggregates, and this is different from some other functions as well. It doesn't have to be a 24/7 business. In fact, in most of our locations, it's not and where you've got 24/7 businesses incremental volume can give a high degree of operating leverage. That's just not something with which we're encumbered, in aggregate. So we shut down each evening, and open up each morning and that gives us an enormous amount of flexibility. And then probably most importantly, Kathryn, when the volume does come back and by the way it typically does. It typically comes back at higher pricing. So, you can see the math. I mean the value over volume strategy works, it protects our reserves. It protects the longevity of our business. And it's something that we've been very clear, with our team is important to us and part of what you can see in the numbers is, that it's coming through. So, I hope that's responsive, Kathryn. Thank you for the question.
Ward Nye: Thanks for the question. As you know, when we went into cement in Texas, we said, we view that as a strategic cement business. And my prepared comments said, we sold a non-strategic asset in California. And we set strategic cement for set where we're an aggregates leader, where the market is naturally vertically integrated where we have a downstream business taking a significant portion of it in Texas it's about 30%, and where it cannot be meaningfully interdicted by water. Our Texas Cement business is very solid. And part of the reason on it is, it's in Dallas-Fort Worth and it's in San Antonio. So, it removed from the vicissitude of imports largely. So what we're seeing in that marketplace and what you saw in the quarter, is volumes were largely flat because we're broadly sold out. And we continue to largely sell, what we're producing. And part of what we're anticipating and part of what we've announced, is a $15 a ton price increase for cement effective January 1. So, I think that -- those data points give you, a good snapshot of where Texas Cement is today.
Ward Nye: Happy to try. Thanks for that. So we're thinking about the 2024 guide, similar to the way that we did the 2023 guide. What I mean by that, is the guide that we've given I think this is more to stay out immediately, does not include any midyears and again, just as we saw in 2023, we think we're going to have mid-years in 2024. But right now, the guide that we've given, does not assume that. So, I think that's important. Secondly, as I indicated in the previous question, we think midyears are becoming more and more the norm, with our customers and we think the expectations have been set, the customer letters that have gone out indicate that pricing is largely effective from January 1 to June 30. So in the correspondence that has already gone, people know that we're going to protect them through midyear. Now, in fairness there's a footnote to that. And the notable exception is California, where our pricing letters already include announced midyear so that our customers can plan for that in that marketplace. We've long talked about what we inherited when we bought the business in California and we're trying to address that. Just to be clear, California totaled 2024 increases right now look like that's going to be about $4 a ton across all products and markets, as we continue to implement that strategy in particular in what's a relatively new marketplace for Martin Marietta. Now to your point, if we're thinking about the way carryovers are going to work carryovers next year are probably going to be in the low single-digits so a little bit lower than they were this year. But again, we've got a lot of confidence in what we think we will come out with on January 1. And then, again, if we have something that even begins to replicate what we saw in midyear next year and frankly there's probably some upside to that Trey. So I think that gives you a good build on the way that we see that working based off exit rates in 2023.
Ward Nye: Stanley, thanks for the question and for the comments on the quarter. The M&A market is actually looking increasingly attractive. The level of dialogue has ramped up in the second half of this year. From my perspective, that wasn't a tremendous surprise. As you know, 2021 was a big year for M&A for us. And part of what we've been doing, since then is a lot of what you saw in today's announcement relative to the sale of Tehachapi, making sure we're getting our pricing right in different markets making sure we're getting our hands around the operations. And now, as we sit here today, several things are apparent. Number one, we're looking at a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.8x. So that's below our targeted range. Two, you can see from the financials what the cash flow in this organization looks like that can clearly help fuel and will fuel some aggregates led frankly from my perspective pure aggregate transactions. And then two or three, when we had the proceeds that have just come in from Tehachapi, it puts us in a very attractive place. Do I think we'll have anything to announce here in the rest of this year? Probably not. Do I hope that we'll have some things that we can announce early next year? I think that we will. So, more to come on that Stanley. But again, we like financially where we're sitting. We like strategically where we're sitting. We like what we believe or what we know we can do from a regulatory perspective because we think that's a differentiator right now. So we believe that we can continue to give you price. We believe we can continue to give you really good cost control. And we believe we can keep giving you good solid attractive M&A. And we think that's a hattrick that we can offer today.
Ward Nye: Thanks for the question. We had a couple of things. One in the Southwest, frankly, you had a lot of heat and the heat slowed some things down and you also had some timing relative to the large energy projects as well. So I see a lot of that being pushed off to the right. I mean clearly and it's not just the Southwest or Midwest issue. There are some degrees of softening relative to warehousing and data centers. I mean that's not a surprise. We anticipated that. But what we are seeing is a nice renaissance relative to manufacturing and then the timing of energy coming. Energy is not one of those issues that we have any concerns about. It's just relative to pace. So I think more than anything we had degrees of timing and we had certain degrees of softness that, from my perspective were broadly anticipated. And I think that's one of the reasons that when we were giving you our results at half year, part of what we indicated to you, is we thought we would probably see a near-term nature in volumes in the third quarter. So if we're looking at the way Q3 worked from our perspective Anthony, honestly, no big surprises including the way the pull-through came through and some -- obviously some very attractive incrementals in the quarter.
Ward Nye: Well, the things that we stay focused on Phil is what can we control and how do we run our business and we do that based on what our needs are. So we're very focused on Martin Marietta. We're focused on where operations are we're focused on what our inventories look like. We're focused on what our reserves look like in the ground. And we're focused on what we feel like the market can bear relative to these products. So our perspective, those are really the unique drivers on that. As I indicated before, if you're looking at volumes for the quarter were our volumes down a little bit more than others yes probably, so are we okay with that? You bet. Do I feel like that's probably going to find more degrees of equilibrium going forward? I think it probably will. At the same time, if I'm looking at the geographies in which we tend to be focused, let's face it we're talking about Texas, that's going to be awfully good. I mean we're looking at a Texton budget for FY 2024 that it exceeds $18.5 billion. I mean that's just a massive budget in Colorado, recently passed a $5.3 billion 10-year infrastructure bill, that's going to be massive in that state here in North Carolina and it was something that I'm proud to have been part of the project. We structurally change the way that we're paying for infrastructure here. Now we're using a degree of sales taxes. And in FY 2024, it's going to ramp up to 4% here in North Carolina, because North Carolina recognized they needed to increase their spending by over $7 billion over the next decade. But even separate distinct from that, if we're looking in Florida right now, Florida is looking at a $17.2 billion budget for FY 2024 and that's an all-time record. And I feel like I've said for probably the last six or seven years, that every year is an all-time record for transportation in Florida, largely because it has been. And in California where we brought that new business the Caltrans budget is $20.5 billion next year. Now to give you a sense of it, that's a 5.5% or 5.6% year-over-year increase with $12.1 billion designated for highway and bridge capital spending. So as we're thinking about what that public funding looks like and we're coming back and looking at what's happening industrially in places like Atlanta what's going on in South Georgia, literally just yesterday, Toyota announced they're adding $8 billion to what is already a large battery plant that's underway in Randolph County that's just downside of Greensboro. These are the types of things that we're seeing in our markets both in public and heavy non-res that gives us a lot of confidence around the way that we think volumes will work next year. And the fact is with the footprint that we have, I don't have any doubt that we're going to get our fair share of that business. I just want to make sure that we're doing for what we feel like is fair value for that business.
Ward Nye: Yeah. Phil, those are great questions. I think on the public infrastructure side, we're still where we were. We said, we thought we would start to see that building in for and then build into 2024 -- when I say four, I mean Q4 of this year. And that was part of what led us to the commentary around the fact that we thought we'd probably see this type of dip in Q3. So again very anticipated, if we're looking for example at the large LNG projects, part of what we're seeing right now is several projects that are already underway. Golden Pass is underway, Chevron Phillips has a large facility in Orange, Texas that's underway, Port Arthur LNG, at least portions of that are underway, Cheniere has a lot this underway. But if we look going forward, I can think of at least four big jobs and I think this gives you a sense from a timing perspective in Texas that we're watching. Cheniere has another one in Cameron Parish, Louisiana. We are grand LNG in Brownsville and Freeport LNG in Texas, all are looking at we believe 2024 start dates. We're actually anticipating some acceptance of materials maybe as soon as this week on some of those projects. So it continues to be a live conversation. So if we think about it for the year has timing been a little bit of a headwind on those, yeah, it has. Do we think they're going away? Absolutely not. And part of what we're seeing and frankly in degrees this is helpful, you've got degrees of material tightness in some of those markets and that continues to underscore at least the notion of the overall economy in Texas today. So I hope that gives you a snapshot at least on some of the heavy non-recipe.
Ward Nye: I don't think, they're affecting number one our geographies that much and two, to the extent that inflation or varying degrees of it continues to go through. Frankly, if we can keep up with that or stay ahead of it Timna, it's actually been an ally to our business, not an enemy to our business. So I do think if we had a strikingly different geographic profile then we have, I would probably feel differently about it than I do. But if we go back to that conversation I was having just a little while ago relative to our leading states and the degree of both public and private activity that we're seeing in Texas and Colorado and the Carolinas and Georgia and Florida. Those are very powerful steady markets right now. And I'm even taken to by the continued resiliency in markets like Indiana and in Iowa as well. Iowa is a state that has been very steady all the way through cycles for us including probably the single most steady market in which we participated during the great financial crisis. So, I just call that out, because it's one of those states that doesn't come to mind immediately, if you're in New York or Chicago or Dallas or Los Angeles thinking about this industry. But it's been one that for us that's been actually quite important and very durable.
Ward Nye: It's more of a timing issue than anything else, Timna. Obviously, you know what the process looks like. You're going to have dialogue with a potential company you want to acquire, you'll go through a valuation process, you might go through a letter of intent contracting and then you also have regulatory processes that you have to go through. And none of that's easy, but our team is essentially very good at it, but we're going to be thoughtful as we do it. So it's not the fact that you haven't seen more done is not indicative of anything other than it's just an ordinary process. Now part of what's been different too in fairness, we're typically not in the selling business. And we've been in the selling business for the last 1.5 years more than we ordinarily would be. And you've seen what we've done relative to the reading plant in Northern California, the tax replan in Southern California and even relative to our ready-mix business in Colorado. I mean, if you think back to it between Stockton, Reading to Tehachapi and our Colorado business that we sold, that's over $1 billion worth of divestitures. And that's not ordinary for us. But again we talk about the fact that, it's an aggregates-led business. And when we talk about cement, we talk about a strategic cement business. So -- some years most years we're going to be busier buying than selling. The last 1.5 years we've actually had more on the sell side than on the buy side for all the right reasons.
Ward Nye: Sure. I'll tell you, what I'll do I'll turn it to Jim, and ask him to come back and give you more granularity. If you think about overall cost, I mean have we seen supplies go up mid-single digits, yes. Have repairs gone up low double digits, yes, and contract services as well. But Jim, can give you a little bit more color on that.
Ward Nye: Yes. No, I think it's been Dave from my perspective, a fairly predictable and I think in large measure because we went for such an extended period of time, without more money coming from the federal government in a meaningful way on that. So, if you think about what happened, we had a decade plus of continuing resolutions. Then we had the FAST Act, that didn't have more money, but it did have more time. And so now what's happened is, you've had that very attractive double whammy of hey, here comes more money. Here comes more time. And you also had DOTs who had actually been building up their own budgets, for about 15 years because they weren't getting more money and more time from the federal government. So I think what we're going to see particularly in Martin Marietta states is, it's not so much driven by maintenance and repair. It's going to be more driven by bringing in new capacity. And that's important for a number of reasons. Number one, our states have had a lot of people move to them. So, if we're simply looking at overall population trends, I mean it's pretty eye-popping to think about the fact that, Texas has led all the states and population gains over the past decade adding four million people. If we're looking at Colorado, their population has grown 14.8% just since 2010. And mean North Carolina has been one of the fastest-growing states in the country. Georgia is going to move up to number 8 in the country in population. So if you think about, why these states need to add capacity, as opposed to maintenance and repair. That's a big reason. And if you're thinking about what happens from a lag perspective, on rather than putting new asphalt, on top of old asphalt but rather adding a new lane or building new roads, it frankly takes a little bit longer. Now, the punchline is it ends up being considerably more aggregates intensive. So, for us, it's like a big birthday. It's worth the wait sometimes. So, we feel like good things are coming from this but I think that's really driving that lag that we've seen the dollars are there. And you can see where they are. You can see what the state DOT budgets are. But again I think it's those states those budgets those population inflows that are driving a different nature of construction. What we'll see in Charlotte, what we'll see in Atlanta, what we'll see in Dallas is going to be a very different story than what you'll see in New York or what you'll see in Chicago.
Ward Nye: Yes. Look, I think the answer Michael is yes and yes to all of the above. It's interesting because you've got two issues relative to housing in the United States today. We've talked about one of them and that is affordability and clearly seeing mortgage rates move to 23-year highs drive some of that. The other issue that doesn't get the airtime that it probably should but it does in our states is availability. And that's a big issue today. And single-family housing in the US is structurally underbuilt. I mean it's a practical matter it ought to be trending comfortably over one million starts a year at least as we drill it down to the markets in which most of our business is because again we're back to those population trends that I mentioned in the dialogue with Dave MacGregor just a few minutes ago. If you come to Raleigh, your biggest issue is can you find a house. Same issue in Charlotte. Same issue in Atlanta. In various degrees, the same issues in Dallas-Fort Worth and in Colorado today. So, to the extent that there could be some upside there. Could it be single-family housing-driven? I think so. And for example several things are happening. Our homebuilders looking at having their own mortgage companies within homebuilding companies? They are. Are they doing that because they want to keep building? They do. Do they want to keep building because they know the market is there? Absolutely. And in some instances are they building and basically building to rent even in the near-term because they recognize that they can do that. So, I think your point around a swing factor on housing is important. And I think it's relevant to say keep in mind single-family housing is two to three times more aggregates-intensive than is multifamily. So, if you're watching housing look is it nice to see multifamily go? Yes. Is it really nice to see single-family go? The answer is yes. But I think what we've just described is worth watching and could be a build in 2024. And I hope that helps Michael.
Ward Nye: Thank you again for joining today's earnings conference call. To conclude our strong third quarter results underscore the resiliency and secular durability of our aggregates-led business model through various business cycles. Our focus remains on building the world's safest, most resilient and best-performing aggregates led public company for the benefit of our shareholders, customers, employees and other stakeholders. Thanks to the disciplined execution of SOAR and the fidelity of our teams to safety, commercial and operational excellence. Martin Marietta is poised to continue delivering sustainable growth and superior shareholder value in 2024 and beyond. We look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results with you in February. As always we're available for any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time and continued support of Martin Marietta.
