Ward Nye: Thanks, Jim. To conclude, we expect 2022 to be another record year for Martin Marietta. We're well positioned to capitalize on the strong product demand trends across our coast-to-coast geographic footprint as increased infrastructure investment, along with the recovery in light nonresidential construction, large-scale energy projects and domestic manufacturing is expected to largely insulate product shipments from any near-term affordability driven headwinds in residential end markets. Our team remains committed to the health and safety of our community, commercial and operational excellence, sustainable business practices and the execution of our SOAR 2025 initiatives as we build and maintain the world's safest, best-performing and most durable aggregates-led public company. If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we'll turn our attention to addressing your questions.
Ward Nye: Trey, thank you for the question. Look, you're seeing something you haven't seen in your career and I am, too. And that is the way pricing is working is really just extraordinary. And party goes back to some of the commentary we discussed at the end of Q1, and that was we're seeing this in many respects as the best single commercial pricing environment that I think we've seen in a generation or 2. If we look at what's happened so far, and I think it does give you a nice build in the supplemental slides from Slide 4. We've seen very nice aggregates and cement pricing through Q2. We've seen broad midyear increases that have gone in. They've been implemented as of July 1. What we're seeing in July on those price increases looks very attractive. So to your point, what gives us confidence in this outlook? It's really seeing what we've seen so far in July, even building on what we've seen strongly throughout the year so far. What we anticipate is aggregates pricing here in the second half is going to be an exit rate that's really going to be at about 14.5%. I mean that's a really attractive number. We think cement can be -- it's something that feels more like 21.5%. So as we think about those exit rates, to your point, this year going into next year, it gives me 2 very base impressions: number one, as I said in the prepared remarks, we're going to have a record year; number two, as we go into next year, we're going to have what we anticipate to be another very attractive year. And the other thing that I think is worth noting, Trey, is a lot of what's driving pricing right now is clearly what's happening with energy. But as you know, having watched this space for a long time, energy tends to subside at some point. At the same time, heavy side upstream material pricing usually does not. So again, I think from an inflation management perspective, the team has done an extraordinary job, and I really appreciate your comments.
Ward Nye: No, happy to Stanley. Thank you for the question. I think several things are properly relevant. Number one, are contractors continuing to hire to the extent that they can? Yes. So is that a modest constraint that we see getting better? Sure. Is trucking still in some markets a constraint because of the availability of drivers? Absolutely. I think if you look at the overall public numbers from the railroads as well, it's getting better, but it hasn't been as fluid, I think, as they would have hoped. Here's something else though, that I think is really worth noting, and that is, in a lot of markets, cement is on allocation. So think about what that means as products roll through the process. If ready-mix producers can't get cement later in the week, the fact is they're not going to put down ready-mix concrete, which means they're not going to bring in aggregates. So the fact is that a really tight cement market in some markets can also have a bit of a governor on what overall aggregates growth looks like. So as we're looking at the back half of the year, those are some of the things that we've taken into account as we think about volumes. Now to your point, if we also try to consider what our customers' backlogs look like the customer backlogs are really quite good, and we're pretty heartened by that. What we're seeing right now is, overall in aggregates, the backlogs are about 9% ahead of where they were at prior year levels. So those are pretty heady numbers. What I like in particular is some of the wear on that. So if we look in the East division, which, as you know, is one of our very profitable divisions, that's up about 13% over where it was prior year. But here's one that's really notable, and that is in the Central division, now some of this is impacted by our acquisition of Tiller last year, but Central divisions up about 30%. And then even as we look at West Group, and again, you've heard the numbers on what's happening in the West, particularly in Texas, for example, in cement, that markets is sold out. We're basically seeing backlogs in that market broadly where they were prior year. And even in Southwest ready mix, we're seeing, again, backlog is very consistent, but bidding is remaining very strong. throughout the markets that are so core to us in DFW, Austin and San Antonio. So I hope that's responsive to your question on what we see on volumes and some of the why. But importantly, what we see on customer backlog and in summary, and what gives us that nice confidence as we look out.
Ward Nye: Kevin, look, that's actually a great question and really nails much of what the story has been this year. So here's the quick take on that question. If we look at the full year, and take a look not just at the organic business, but the all-in business that we have, and we try to compare this year to last year relative to energy costs, the headline number is, we're going to have about $200 million of energy cost this year that we didn't have last year. So what I think is so important to do is to contextualize what I think has been superb performance by our team this year. We've got a $200 million headwind and we're talking about making $1.7 billion. So let's keep that in mind. Now to your point, I'm not going to prognosticate on when we're going to see energy start to subside. But if past is prologue, we're going to see that subside over time. To the other part of your question, we typically do not see average selling prices in these substream products, primarily, I'm saying aggregates and in cement, subside the way that we think we're going to see energy come down. So again, if we're taking that $200 million headwind and then back away and say, but ballpark, half of that ish is going to be what's happening in diesel fuel. Because, again, if we just take a look overall at what we're utilizing in diesel, we're going to be somewhere between 54 million and 55 million gallons of diesel fuel usage during the course of the year. So I think that at least sets the table on what the headline number is, how much of it's diesel. Obviously, there are going to be components of it that are natural gas and electricity. And by the way, every one of those is up pretty considerably from where they were in Q1 and our forecast takes that into account going forward. So I hope that helps.
Ward Nye: Brian, thank you for the question. Primarily, we're managing inflation in 2 different ways. I mean, you've seen what we're doing commercially to help manage inflation. The other thing that we're doing is making sure that we continue to strive for operational excellence to lower cost per ton in as many other ways as we possibly can. And we feel like the combination of those 2 things will likely lead to margin expansion, particularly beginning as we look at Q4 this year and into next year. As we look at the way DOTs are reacting, I think it's important to state, we're not seeing DOTs cancel any projects. I think on some occasions, we're seeing DOTs postponed some projects. And I think this is the notion. They're seeing very high, in particular, bitumen or liquid asphalt pricing. I think their hope is that they will see that pull back to some degree. I think that's part of it. I think the other part of it is if you're looking at DOT pricing on projects that may have been done, what do we want to say, 6, 7, 8, 9 months ago, the fact is the cost input on projects today is so fundamentally different for contractors than it was during that time frame. It's not unusual for contractors to be coming in with numbers that are ahead of engineers' estimates. When that happens, that oftentimes dictates a rebidding anyway. So I think what we're seeing to a varying degree is in DOTs are being proactive, looking at numbers again, seeing what's realistic and then putting that out. Because I think part of what's important to keep in mind, Brian, is in the Martin Marietta states that have seen significant population inflows, legislatures and governors want to see this work go. So the fact is we're not seeing things canceled. We've seen in some places, things postponed. We think that actually plays out very nicely for us because as you see, we're more focused on value over volume anyway. And we think this actually plays out comfortably as we roll into '23 and the years after. So Brian, I hope that helps, too.
Ward Nye: Thank you for the question. I'm going to answer the last part of it first, and that is typically the lag is about the same. In other words, if housing slows in markets, it would take several months, 6, 9, in some places, 12 for commercial to slow. Our view is we're really not seeing that. I mean, if we're looking at nonres in our markets, part of what we try to call out and you see it and the CEO commentary, among others. I outlined very specifically 5 different nonres projects that are relatively new, except for the 1 energy sector project that was called out that we see evolving. And again, those were Campo Commerce in South Carolina, Meta Data Center in Kansas City, the Samsung projects in Austin and the High Point Logistics Park in Aurora, Colorado. So what we're seeing in that dimension is actually quite attractive. There are 2 other things that I think are worth keeping in mind: number one, we're seeing the activity relative to chips that you saw come out of a relatively bipartisan vote in the Senate yesterday. If the house moves forward with that, that will clearly dictate more manufacturing here in the United States. I think much of that will likely occur in coastal areas where we tend to have a very attractive footprint. The other piece of it that I think is likely to be even more attractive, and this is more on heavy size than the line side is what we anticipate happening with energy. And I think energy can frankly be twofold: number one, we've long talked about those large LNG project pipeline projects that we see in South Texas and Louisiana. It's worth noting, as we've looked at those in the past, we've talked about the potential if those projects come to bear of around 13.5 million tons of aggregates that are tied to those different jobs and about 770,000 cubic yards of ready-mix. The updated numbers on those, to give you a sense of it, aggregates has gone from 13.5 million requirements to what looks like now it's closer to 19 million tons of requirements. The cubic yardage of ready-mix has gone from 770,000 to now 920,000. So again, I think nonres moves around a little bit. That's on energy in South Texas. Again, if some of these bills go through, and frankly, from a Martin Marietta perspective, if we see more wind energy in places like the Midwest, keep in mind, those tend to be very aggregates intensive jobs as well. So if we're looking at cold storage, if we're looking at warehousing, if we're looking at energy, if we're looking at degrees of more manufacturing in the United States, and we continue to have the population trends that we're seeing in Martin Marietta states of moment, meaning Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, et cetera. We think, number one, residential is going to stay very resilient for us. We think the white nonres that follows that is going to be good. And we think these components of heavy nonres can actually be very attractive, and there are also going to be very aggregates intensive.
Ward Nye: Keith, thank you for the question. And look, energy has been all over the place you would imagine. And obviously, we're just looking broadly at energy. Obviously, we said we got a $200 million headwind this year. We said about half of that is really going to be attributable to diesel fuel. If we're looking at really how much we move things around on natural gas since the last time we looked to that. I'm going to ask Jim to come back and speak specifically to that because he can give you a sense of the volatility on that. Relative to natural gas, there's really not a lot of other hedging or otherwise that goes on in that. So it is relatively real time. But Jim, over to you.
Ward Nye: And Keith, just to put 1 more bit of data here. If we're looking at Q2 last year to Q2 this year and the increase on a percentage basis in nat gas, it's up about 66%. If we're looking at it more sequentially on where it was in Q1 versus where it was in Q2, up about 10%. So at least you're seeing a pullback in those percentage increases.
Ward Nye: George, thank you first for the question. I appreciate that very much. I guess several things that I would say. If you look at overall of what we've done relative to decarbonization, we've been looking at alternative fuels. We've been looking at that at both of our facilities, for example, if we look at the way that we're operating our plant in Midlothian, which is in North Texas, we're using tardive fuels for a good bit of that process right now. Overall, what's going to have to happen to really see significant decarbonization is we're going to have to see products and plans that can be used very broadly at a commercial level. I think if we actually look at the decarbonization of our plants and we go apples-to-apples, not apples to oranges relative to the performance that our plants have in the United States relative to most of the performance that we see from a carbon footprint perspective globally. I actually don't think we're behind on that. I think if you look at the sustainability report that we published in April, in which we went to great pains to outline what the different blending mechanisms can be and really how those scores are kept. I think you'll see that we're actually in a very, very good place. The other thing that's worth noting is if we go back in time and take a look at the capital that has gone into that strategic cement footprint that we have in Texas since 2014, we put about $1 billion worth of CapEx into that business. So what I think is fair to say is we've got a very attractive cement business in Texas. That is what we've been designed toward building as you'll see the margins in that business look and feel like the margins do in our aggregates business. That was part of our plan. And at least going forward, our ability to invest in that facility to utilize PLC cement, which Jim referenced in his prepared remarks, we think actually has us in a very attractive place. And we think we're going to be in a position to move as we need to: one, as a business; and two, is a very good community steward going forward to make sure that we can have the types of returns in that business that our shareholders expect and at the same time, make sure that we're the neighbor that people want us to be.
Ward Nye: Phil, thanks for the question. Good to hear your voice. And the short answer is we've actually got pretty good line of sight on the nonres. These tend to be particularly on these larger manufacturing type facilities, big jobs as a consequence of the size of the jobs. The owners are out, they are talking to generals and suppliers as well. Part of what we're seeing now is people are thinking about notices to proceed. They're giving us dates on when they think that's going to occur, that's occurring on a number of these large LNG project pipelines. It's also occurring on a number of those jobs that we outlined in the commentary that was published with our release today. I mean, part of what's striking to me is we look at some of these semiconductor facilities or others. I mean, these are enormous facilities, and we spoke not this past February, but the February before at Investor Day, how much size actually dictates more than dollars the aggregates intensity on these projects? So I think your point is a really good one and that is not all markets are going to be treated equally as we go through whatever the next several months maybe. And again, if we're simply looking at nonres and frankly, if we go through it on a stop light basis and go red, green, yellow, we're seeing a lot of green on nonres as we go through our top 6 states. And frankly, I'll tell you as I look at it today from a non-res perspective, they're all green right now.
Ward Nye: Ask that question again, you said between the infrastructure and say it again. I didn't hear it, Phil.
Ward Nye: Look, we'll obviously come out and give very detailed guidance on that at some point. But here's what I would say, Phil. Look, this infrastructure bill is up considerably. The states in which we operate are in a very good budget perspective. You've probably seen what I have, and that is states like North Carolina that are looking forward ahead are now in the latest budget that's been approved saying we're going to take a certain percentage of sales taxes and putting that to infrastructure. Obviously, if we're looking at population trends in our key states, the trends themselves have been quite attractive. I think what people are looking for, Phil, at the end of the day, is in a volatile time, what looks safe. And I think one of the things that this management team believes is that we have built a very durable business, a business that has the capacity and enough market to outperform and ability that as we go through cycles, we'll continue to outperform. And it's not just that we have a durable business. We built a durable business in markets that we think will outperform. So obviously, we'll give you more, but I'm trying to give you some data around what gives us such confidence going into next year, and we'll give you more detail as we get closer. But we're not seeing anything in '23. As we look at it broadly, that scares us right now.
Ward Nye: David, that's a great question. And I think you just saw it this quarter. I mean, I think it constrains it. I think it makes it modestly tighter. I don't think it does horribly shocking things to it. Because what happens, David, is different states are going to react very differently to a cement shortage. So here's a good way to think of it. Obviously, Texas is the big cement-producing state. It has a number of facilities there. We're the largest cement producer in Texas. If we come here to our backyard in North Carolina, there's not a cement plant to be found in the entire state because it's largely a granite state. And where we do have limestone that can meet the criteria that you would need with high calcium carbonate, it's going to be in the eastern part of the state, and it's going to be so difficult to access that you don't have a meaningful cement plan in the state. At the same time, we don't see concrete acting remarkably different here that is in places like Texas today. So again, David, I would call it more on the margin, it's going to be something that we might talk about and could slow it down to a degree. It's not going to be something that if I'm sitting where you are sitting or frankly, where I'm sitting, that I'm going to have a great degree of concern about in large measure because the work is not going to go away. The work is likely just to be pushed to the side. And one of the things that I think we recognize is in a circumstance in which materials can be tight, again, it's a very attractive commercial environment for us. So I don't think it's going to be horribly meaningful on the volume. It will be modestly. I think it's going to be more meaningful positively on the ASP.
Ward Nye: Mike, thanks so much for that question. Happy to. So we'll break it really into 2 material buckets. Let's talk first about the Lehigh assets in the West. So we're not seeing anything that we've been surprised by, and that is these assets have substantial earnings growth and ASP potential that's frankly in the process of being unlocked. So what I would ask you to do is go back and reflect on the way, in many respects, the TXI came into the business and the way that it's performed since then. As you may recall, the single quickest wins that we saw in TXI was really relative to ASP. That's what we're seeing right now in California as well. January 1 price increases on aggregates were up double digit. July 1 midyear increases in large measure, $2 per ton across much of California. And you can also see that we're going through in a very orderly way in looking at the portfolio and making sure that we're keeping what's core to us, where we, in fact, are the best owners. So we're in the process of doing that. I think it's actually gone quite well. So we're not seeing anything in California or Arizona that's been a surprise to us. Frankly, on some days, I'm sure to wish I could get more cement in Arizona, but I will also concede that's a high-class problem in many respects. As we think about the Tiller assets, and as you recall, we bought those just modestly ahead of the Hanson assets last year. Part of what we really like about that business is very limited CapEx requirements in that business. So part of what we're seeing there, these assets are going to be some of the best in portfolio from a cash flow perspective. And we think that's likely to be the case for years to come. The other thing that's been attractive to us, and it's really helped us come back and make sure that we have the investment there that's going to be really attractive for us is Tiller had a good bit of reclaimed land that was available for sale of the transaction. And we've been in the process of monetizing that, frankly, faster than we would have thought at higher valuations than we would have thought. And basically, we're able to take a net purchase price reduction as we go through that. So as we're looking at a very nice operating business in Tiller, it's performing well. Obviously, it's a business that's largely in Minnesota. So as people saw this past year, don't expect much of that in January, February and March because, well, it's cold in Minnesota in January and February and March. But the business is doing quite well. Hansen is doing very predictably, and we feel very good about where that business will go. We've got a very capable management team that's overseeing it, and we continue to be excited about now what is a very meaningful coast-to-coast aggregates led footprint.
Ward Nye: Thank you so much for joining today's earnings conference call. We continue to strive for safety, commercial and operational excellence. We believe that [triumbrent] inevitably leads to superior results, and we're confident on Martin Marietta's prospects to continue driving attractive growth and enhance shareholder value now and into the future. We look forward to sharing our third quarter 2022 results in the late fall. As always, we're available for any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you for your time and continued support of Martin Marietta.
