Howard Nye: Arnie, thank you. Arnie, what we saw during the quarter is pricing moving very favorably really across our business where we saw volumes moving in a positive direction some of which we saw in South Texas related to the Eagle Ford Shale type demand pricing actually moved even better. Some of that was mix actually very little of it. Part of what I was taken by even in markets where we saw volume going down and North Texas being a good example. We actually saw volumes down in North Texas and pricing going up. So as that come back and try to assess that Arnie I think what that means is what we said in the past is broadly correct and that is we didn’t need volume to necessarily go up, we needed volume to stay relatively flat and stabilized and with stable volumes you start to see the ability to recognize the in place reserves. And I think that’s entirely what we are seeing.
Howard Nye: Sure, I think a couple of things Arnie. Number one, if you look at volume for the West Group that probably was down 1.4% for the year. So we continue to see volume going down. I think that’s one of the issues that we just recognized across the enterprise and that is you are really working a lot of fixed cost against a very low volume. I think even more of moment related to the West is really what’s happening with energy. If you look year-on-year there are, I want to say $19.2 million of energy costs that were in there around 9.2 of that tied directly to the cost of liquid. Keep in mind that’s one of the few places that we actually have hot mix in our heritage snapshot. If you go by and you call that $19.2 million out what you will see is on a normalized basis we were probably looking at incremental margins around 80%. So I think if you really pull energy out of it, it looks much more like what you could ordinarily expect. The other thing that I would remind you is we did have more long haul in the West this year. We added the new sales yard in Millet and we are also looking at a new yard in Kansas City. So I think between long haul and energy that addresses most of the issues to last.
Howard Nye: Here is what I would suggest to you I think we are going to put something out on our website when we are done today that will give you a sense of how heritage really looks going forward. I think that should help you considerably in your modeling Todd at the same time what I would suggest is coming back and looking at the acquisition activity here is directionally what I would offer to you. Assumed that on the stone side there is going to be about 8 million tons of stone that’s added from the acquisitions that we did last year now keep in mind the acquisitions were in the Western United States so as you are putting 8 million tons in assume the types of pricing that you come to see in the West. The other thing I would encourage you to do is go back and put in around 800,000 cubic yards of ready mix and around 1.5 million tons of hot mix. I think if you adjust your models to take into account what we are going to recap for use heritage and then you put that degree of stone in, plus that degree of ready mix and as well that should get you where you need to be Todd.
Howard Nye: What I would tell you to do is look at that broadly along corporate averages up and down that river. I think that’s probably your safest way to look at but I think again if you do it that way what you will see is it will have a downward optical view on pricing. Simply puts pricing in the West tends to be lower.
Howard Nye: The rent market for us full year we did see, well we are seeing this year going to the year Todd to give you a sense of ’12 first as we are seeing that up 10% to 14% year-on-year. I think as we looked at res for the full year it was slightly up but I want to say it was in the single digits. There we are clearly seeing more activity as we move into ’12.
Howard Nye: Yeah, it is. In fact from everything we can tell that project is in entirely moving along the way that we have expected to from an on time, on cost and otherwise.
Howard Nye: Alright, you know I think this is the third time I have spoken roughly since we announced our transaction or proposed transaction on December 12. And on December 12, I put a call into Birmingham and send a Birmingham and sent an email to Birmingham. And obviously we would very much like to engage in the dialogue as we sit here today we are still looking for that dialogue.
Howard Nye: You know, what if you are looking at hot mix for us for the full year, Jack, what I would tell you is you are probably looking at around 1.4 million tons of hot mix and ready mix probably around 0.5 million cubic yards.
Howard Nye: Jack, I think the answer is yes. I think we are still putting housing on existing lots but we are now seeing some new subdivision work now granted it’s not a lot but it is some activity now. And over the last couple of years there has really been no activity in that. And you nailed it and that is when you start seeing activity where it’s a new subdivision we will truly be a leading indicator when that starts taking off I’m not saying it’s taking off but I’m saying there is activity Jack.
Howard Nye: I think if you had a highway bill that was out there in multiyear I think the answer is yes and probably would Jack. Because in our view what’s happening right now is states are simply unwilling to commit to multi-year projects and they are not willing to go forward under that basis. So I think even if we had something that was flat and obviously we would much rather see a higher bill number yet I think that’s still helpful. Now frankly, you’ve been coming back and looking at what the house has proposed to address that for a second when you really look at what that bill has done to get rid of old redundant programs or what it’s doing to give states unlimited authority to toll in the state highways and basically putting a faster delivery time out there. Now, I clearly do believe that a new bill would start to add the volume now granted. Even when we go back and take a look at the way stimulus worked I think you can look at the stimulus program and use that as a bit of a guide on what’s going to happen when we end up with new high way bill. And as you recall when stimulus came out you only saw around 21% of it go in 2009 and not surprisingly 2010 was a pretty big year when 43% of it went and again 2011 it’s 22% feeling a lot like 2009 as did lot of things in this industry this year as in 14% next year so not a bad blueprint to use in the back of the mind as you think about a new highway bill.
Howard Nye: No I wish we were but we are anticipating is having that done really at year end Jerry. So we will look to have incremental tonnage as we go into ’13 that’s going to be let’s call it 275 thousand times.
Howard Nye: No, I’m sorry when steel is running at 75% like it did this year it works really well. Keep in mind nat gas doesn’t matter a lot to that business nat gas probably 27%, electricity is around 27% and coal is around 26%, 27% so you really got a covey of energy items that can affect that business. Nat gas being down helps a lot but steel running anywhere north of 70 is really the single biggest driver right now.
Howard Nye: Not particularly if you go back and look at what I would tell you some growth projects this year there is probably somewhere around $63 million to $65 million. We usually have around $25 million in land that’s usually a good solid place over. And if you come back and really break it down on mobile, plant and other it’s probably around $67 million. And again that’s clearly a rate below DD&A now that’s running around $174 million a year. But Jerry I think we can continue to do that when we are running at these types of volumes and keep in mind if you look at our CapEx profile and compare it to most in the sector we were investing in ourselves when others were trying to buy businesses at big EBITDAs and big multiples. So we feel like pulling back CapEx the way that we have right now is a) responsible but b) we believe we can do it and importantly do it safely.
Howard Nye: You know what the operations are up and down to truck range and that’s clearly a business now we’ve had under belt now for about a month and a half. So we are going to need a little bit more time with that Jerry before I give you any more specifics on it.
Howard Nye: You know what I wouldn’t necessarily think of it as just front end loaded. I think as we do watch some stimulus projects come out that clearly does help that. But at the same time I don’t see that I see it really being fairly uniform traits around the year. That’s how we would approach it.
Howard Nye: Yeah, Trey, a couple of things to keep in mind. We do have a trial that’s coming up at the end of February and in early March and as you look at the charges that went in there for last year, some of that were very discrete fees that were paid specifically to the bankers and their fees going forward are more success driven. But with that said we are not going to start a process that we are not prepared to finish. We don’t think spending that type of money is best use of our money or best use of Vulcan’s money and obviously we very much want to sit down in a room and have a meaningful dialogue. But I think right now it’s hard to come back and really put a nail on what those costs will be.
Howard Nye: You know what, if you are building new roads, Rodny, it’s around 32,000 tons per lane mile when you are building a brand new road.
Howard Nye: You know what I’m not sure that it would change our demand outlook very much Rodny and that’s what I’m focused on right now.
Howard Nye: As I said, I think if you go and take a look at what the aggregate tonnage acquired over the last part of the year would be going into the New Year it’s going to be worth around 8 million tons. I think what you will see going out at river it’s probably going to be somewhere close to 7, 7.5.
Howard Nye: You know what South Texas is clearly a big heap of it if you look at what the energy business and in that term right now what shale meant to us in 2011. We had around 4.2 million tons of material that went to shale all by itself and to give you a sense of what we saw in South Texas that we went back and looked at Eagle Ford in 2010 it was somewhere just shy of 0.5 million ton this past year somewhere just over 1 million tons. And as where you look at what we do like it’s going to be going into 2012 that deposit all by itself we think it’s going to be around 1.7. But we also see activity in the Barnett and the Haynesville, some in the Marcella, some even up into the Bakken. So when we talk about energy shale is the big piece of that. The other piece that we believe more of as we go into ’12 then we saw in ’11 will be in wind farms as well. Keep in mind we’ve got nice presence obviously in Texas and Iowa and those are awfully big on the wind farm producing side as well.
Howard Nye: If we looked at that if we said that the shale was around 4.8 million tons and we came back and said maybe the balance of it might be another couple or more right now you can go back and do your math on that but you probably wouldn’t be far off on that.
Howard Nye: The primary thing that we are doing with our business Kathryn is we operate it with safety first and cost right behind that. And we are focused on absolutely positively running as efficiently as we can because we have a business that we are proud of it in this respect, you come through as you did in’11 watching volumes down, watching energy up and still putting up numbers that I think we are very proud out and then I believe our shareholders are proud of. Our primary focus is making sure that we do that and we do it even better in ’12 and we are obviously in a view we can do even better than that with a broader footprint. But our primary operating focus right now is keeping our eye on Martin Marietta.
Howard Nye: Part of what it did is it did let us put some inventories in the ground in some parts of the country that we needed to in the fourth quarter, where often times you wouldn’t be able to. If you looked at volume trends through the fourth quarter volume is actually down in October, down in November and actually up in December. So that very much ties with what you saw Kathryn. It also tended to be relatively dry in some parts of the country as well that was helpful. I think one of the big deltas that we saw in Q4 this year as compared to Q4 last year we still had a good agg line season but agg line volumes this year was still around 17% lighter than they were last year. I think one thing that people shouldn’t be fooled by when you have this nice warm weather in parts of the country don’t feel that you, there is a lot of D&T work that’s going on. Keep in mind, if you go to the standard state of North Carolina is a great example. When you got to mid November the standard specification that you basically say you have a time extension on any contracts that you have with DOT through March 15 next year. So what you have is the usual remarkable demobilization of construction equipment on jobs. So even if you’ve got a week or 10 days of very nice weather contractors typically will not bring their people back from lay off, they will not demobilize their equipment, they won’t put them on the job because it’s just not a very efficient way to run. So I think there might be one or two halts Kathryn that this warmer weather will help but in large part those are anomalies not the rule right now.
Howard Nye: And what right now what I would tell you is there is more multi-family activity than there is single family activity although there are areas that we are seeing increasing single family activity. With respect to, that’s a great question on where we are at the game so I guess we are, we just finished Super Bowl so we are talking baseball terms. Yeah, Kathryn I would tell you, we are somewhere in the middle of the game right now on that. Clearly, housing still has uptime still ahead of it until people can sell homes or get financing they are not going to build new homes and I would say, we are probably looking at five year period of time to really see that turn in some respect. And that’s where it sits, you are going to see more multi-family activity during that snapshot than you will on the single family activity side.
Howard Nye: The primary thing that’s different on mobile equipment is a) you are not putting as much hours on all of it and the beautiful thing is, it is mobile so you do you have the ability to move it from operations that may not be as good to other happens that have the need. So simply making your mobile equipment mobile and feeling free to move it between districts between divisions or otherwise it’s an important piece of it. I don’t think the lease analysis or the purchase analysis as for say change I just think the need is changed.
Howard Nye: You know what you won’t see that much of a difference in the South East in large part because the volume there has just been in many respect God if you really think about what that South East is for us right now it’s North Georgia where I think in many respects we were searching for bottom throughout the year. I hope we found it on volume. Alabama has been a very difficult market as well. Hardly enough the one market that we saw actually very steady march improvement on volumes throughout the year was actually Florida and we are actually start increased pricing in Florida throughout the year. But the balance of the markets in the South East are just at a point that the company fixed costs around 90% of what you got there right now I mean Adam I’m sorry.
Howard Nye: But I mean if you go to a fully robust bill and you assume there is good solid transportation activity what I will do is take you back to a 2006 timeframe where you had good infrastructure activity, you had good commercial activity, not great but good. You had really red hot housing activity and pretty steady ChemRock and rail activity. I think if you are more normalized that you are probably into 185, 190ish volumes based on what would have been a heritage snapshot here in our rear view mirror, I think that’s probably not a bad way to look at it.
Howard Nye: You can put it ordinarily you would see a much bigger component than single family than multi particularly in South East and South West. I mean right now if you take a look at the types of numbers that are out there I mean you are almost seeing something based on the pure history that we’ve seen, something that’s been three times on multi-family, the res write down I think that’s almost an inverse.
Howard Nye: I will tell you Scott others may disagree with me on this I guess my sense is that if we don’t have it by the time the first ER expires Presidential politics aren’t just so powerful for the rest of the year. I think in perhaps any other year than this maybe you can see what you are describing. But I think it’s the house and the senate can get it all together here over the next call at 45ish days. Realistically we are probably looking to see our year and as a practical matter that’s where we thought we would be. I mean if you go back and listen to these calls for the last couple of years, we’ve been pretty consistent saying that we thought we would probably not see any multi-year highway bill until after the election. I hope I’m wrong but I think that’s probably where we are.
Howard Nye: No, I don’t think that’s overstating things. I think that’s fair and actually the different correlations who have looked at expedition spending and have really good advocates for it have a lot to do with that. I mean if you look at the dialogue that’s coming out right now, there is good dialogue coming out of the White House, there is more better dialog coming out of the house. And the senate has been very consistent on it, look at where the senate is it came out of committee with a high policy 18 to zero vote. So we like the time of dialogue, we like the fact that we are not hearing any of that 30% cut language anymore. So I think as we look at where we sit and what we are likely to get would we like higher numbers, sure we would. Are we at least pleased that it looks like it’s staying flat? We are and are we particularly pleased with the reform provisions that we see out of the house? We are. So I don’t think your notion of feeling better about it is misplaced at all I would agree with you.
Howard Nye: I think what we are more saying to that we finished this year with pricing up 2.7%. So when we were saying steady we meant we should continue to see that same level of trajectory. So perhaps I needed to retain my words a little bit more and I’m sorry about that Garik but that’s what I meant to say.
Howard Nye: You know what Garik we are expecting some pick up in those areas this year. We started seeing some pick up in that last year and again it’s not tremendous uptick and I think as we discussed before that you should see us going to follow residential is something that feels like a nine to 18 month lag. So on some of those places where we are starting to see some residential activity I think we will see some office and retail more of what we’ve seen so far. There is people coming in and finishing office and retail projects that were started several years ago and then they walked away from it and put it on ice.
Howard Nye: Yeah, it was. We saw the ChemRock/Rail piece yes I think will sit down and down 17% and we saw some of the rail business down as well.
Howard Nye: You know I probably can’t give you anything on their timing what I can tell you is we did follow (Inaudible) obviously the week that we initiated our offer. We have worked as we typically do at DOJ our practice has been to work very openly, very collaboratively with them and we feel like working in that type of a process leads to a quicker more thoughtful conclusion. And that’s exactly where we are we haven’t been surprised by anything and we continue to feel very good about the process.
Howard Nye: So again, keep in mind Ted watch it the way it goes around 70 if it goes above 70 it does really well but if it’s below that or near it suffer.
Howard Nye: We received our normal price increases in that segment. But again we don’t come back and address on the percentage basis what that is.
Howard Nye: Guess what we are always going to look for additional cost saving opportunities. We will leave it at that. So we continue to look at it I do think we manage SG&A better than the most in the sector and we are obviously very proud of it but at the same time 25% of your cost of goods sold is on the personnel line and that’s always going to be something in a volume challenged time. That we are going to be sensitive too again I’m proud of that and our team should be proud of that that in type of an atmosphere they can put up these type of numbers and in large part it’s great to have 6% pricing in the quarter, I won’t deny that but if you don’t have your cost profile in place none of the rest of it matters.
Howard Nye: Well you know we don’t hedge these so what I could give you a sense of when we finish the fourth quarter diesel was around $2.95 a gallon that was up 27% from the prior year quarter when he said 2.32 for the full year. And this number is very similar to fourth quarter; it’s $2.96 per gallon, so there is your 40% delta year-on-year. If you are looking for what you meant for the quarter it’s about $0.05 of share that’s diluted for the full year of $0.23 and if you are looking for total usage in Q4 it was just shy of 7 million gallons and for the full year just shy of 30 million gallons.
Howard Nye: I mean, I think if you are looking at a pure process I think you are thinking about it correctly and I think one of the things that we said in one of the last calls is we are not looking to start something, we are not prepared to finish. Again the process that you outlined is not the process that we want to do. I mean what we want to do is we want to sit down with them and we want to negotiate with this current management team with that current board and find a way to bring these companies together in a very productive way that gained some media shareholder value. But through your question from a process perspective if that doesn’t occur then I don’t discrete I think you hit it.
Howard Nye: I would say that, that is very much if you look at housing and his landing in particular it is just frankly it’s almost non-existent as is commercial work there. Georgia DOT has been through its own political imaginations here over the last several years as well. It looks like a lot of that is going to get so forth dealt with the ballet bill issue that’s going to be up there in July as we go into this year. But clearly the underlying economies in North Georgia, Alabama and to a degree but not as too much in South Georgia has been the primary drivers no doubt about it.
Howard Nye: No, you are not missing anything there. Anne will come back and address the first part of it. But from where we sit to answer your question directly one it’s something that you’ve (Inaudible) that’s your number one driver and then two coming back and having some degree of stability or normal seat related to the energy component in mind.
Howard Nye: You know what I think what that’s going to asphalt typically is either going to made or otherwise depending on how the liquid is moving. I think what’s going to happen next year is you will go into the year recognize that you’ve gotten much more stable situation in liquid. You know keep in mind even when I address that $19.2 million delta in the West Group that we talked about on energy full 9 plus of that is simply related to liquid. So as you go back you have indexing in the contracts and you have the ability to capturing those issues moving to New Year. As I don’t see that being as volatile in ’12 as it was in ’11. Simply press the energy spike and the liquid spike it was so remarkable during the course of the year.
Howard Nye: If we looked at infrastructure for the quarter was down 1.7. Non-res was up slightly. ChemRock/Rail was off around 4.5 and res was up around 2.5. If you looked at it for a full year infrastructure down around a little bit more than 5, non-res of around 3.5, ChemRock/Rail off around 1.7 and res up around 3.7.
Howard Nye: Absolutely you should I mean it’s going to be. It is the winner operation and introduce some of our friends to the notion of when to (Inaudible) and that large part of that’s what you are doing with the winner operation in Colorado you are a winner in that and give you a sense that if you simply look at it from a headcount perspective. The operations that went out to the operations that we brought it our net headcount is stuck around 463 people. And again if you are back to the notion that’s the most expensive cost that you have is the personal component of it and you are entirely right I’m back and look at that with very much with winner focus here during the balance of Q1.
Howard Nye: Again, thanks for joining our fourth quarter and full year earnings call and for your interest in Martin Marietta. 2011 was a notable year from a lot of perspectives. We think the stage is set for a very exciting 2012. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2012 results in May and updating you as appropriate on our strategic initiatives. Thank you. Thank you, very much.
Anne Lloyd: And Todd what we will do is recap the last five years obviously with the river movement in discontinued ops history essentially gets recapped at the same time. And we will put out on the website also some volume and pricing trends that show you that differential.
Anne Lloyd: Hey Jerry, we’ve indicated that it’s probably around $22 million to $25 million that would step up in 2013.
Anne Lloyd: And that is the issue Jerry in our forward view on natural gas is that particularly the United States is going to be pretty stable so it’s going to be steel utilization. And we are assuming that utilization runs about like it did this year, which is where you see the profitability because the business essentially is at capacity.
Anne Lloyd: Obviously, we expect to incur some expenses the magnitude of that will depend on how long we continue to process. So we will have to tell you that when the quarter ends.
Anne Lloyd: The biggest issues there and you had a write off of your asset and it’s from the river business then you got new assets from Lafarge and then you wrote off about $10 million of net goodwill that you had to recognize there and it ended up being $10 million gain on that sale.
Anne Lloyd: If you would have perhaps a better cash flow impact if you add new construction. It might not change demand it might change the nature of the demand we are just going to use front based products clean stone a little bit more in the road construction I suppose to just clean stone in the asphalt resurfacing.
Anne Lloyd: Yeah, Rodny you will see that in page 14 of the disclosures in the press release. You will see the divested tonnage we break those out for you.Rodny Nacier – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you guys.
Anne Lloyd: If you look at the fourth quarter on consolidated basis growth profit you are right pricing was up about $17 million. Volume and energy cost you about $3.5 million each and the other big driver was your inventory change that cost you about $7.8 million.
Anne Lloyd: I don’t have that bridge we typically don’t provide that level of detail. Energy natural gas was not, it was essentially neutral in the quarter. The biggest energy issue at mag or Specialty Products is the (Inaudible) that they have to use call there but demand was up, pricing was up, but typically we did not provided that level of detail on a bridge Ted.
Anne Lloyd: It’s all back to the field utilization Ted. I mean we are using field utilization for ’12 as the same as it was in ’11, which is what current indications are. If that number, if utilization is higher, you can expect higher profitability, if it’s lower you can expect lower profitability again that’s against the 2011 benchmark.
Anne Lloyd: And Bob we do have some pension headwind in 2012 that we are going to have to overcome obviously asset returns were not very good for 2011. So that pension increased for 12 and it’s about $9 million and about third of that goes to SG&A.
Anne Lloyd: And Brent we are at a point at some of those litigations where either you are open or you are closed. And so if you are open you are running at probably above 80%, 85% fixed cost. It’s just a tough climate.
Anne Lloyd: Well we had a little pick up in debt because of the cash payment that we’ve made for our acquisition that we did in the fourth quarter. And obviously we’ve got perhaps a little bit of (Inaudible) to fund the cost of project here.
Anne Lloyd: Fourth quarter taxes are very strange discontinued ops happened but it’s really, but it’s been biggest driver for the fourth quarter was continuing now. And that has to do with the fact that your business development expenses were not deductable.
Garik Shmois – Longbow Research: Thank you. I just have a clarification question on your placing guidance. Howard you stated in your prepared remarks that you expected pricing to be steady in 2012 if I heard you correctly just want to reconcile that with the 2% to 4% guidance. The steady commentary respect of the pricing mix was a result of the other slots and gains in the last quarter.
Garik Shmois – Longbow Research: Okay, and then a question just on the (Inaudible) volume performance in the quarter. Was the year-over-year drop was largely related to the decline that you mentioned ChemRock in 4Q.
Garik Shmois – Longbow Research: Okay and then just lastly to the degree you can answer this. Can you provide an update with respect to the DOJ chase I can request and perhaps what we made expected ruling from them.
Ted Grace – Susquehanna: Great, quick questions and you’ve been kind enough to kind of bridge the cost of sales if you will for the aggregate business for us in prior quarters. And so if we could do that in the fourth quarter and really where we are going just trying to bridge on a reported basis revenue up $21 million and as we think about, we think your current profit is down about 5.5 in the back half of one time, which is 26% decremented. I know that Howard has highlighted $19 million of higher energy cost. But I’m just wondering if he could help us reconcile pricing with the $16 million tail wind or something there kind of how you get through pricing, volume, labor, energy et cetera.
Ted Grace – Susquehanna: Okay, and then can we do the same thing for the Specialty Product business because 82% incremental is very impressive. I couldn’t tell if Howard might have mentioned before that energy was not benefited I guess that kind of control for it the press used to say the one to help. Maybe you can just help us bridge kind of what happened in the fourth quarter especially products that will be great too.
Ted Grace – Susquehanna: Well, I just wanted to ask you on the vision on Specialty Product as they assume they basically add capacity at this point.
Ted Grace – Susquehanna: Okay, so just trying to reconcile flat profits next year, I assume you’ve got a meaningful degree of pricing power would you get natural gas curve is not going to be a headwind for you. Trying to understand how we should think about flat profit guidance for that segment given those dynamics and as it one of those where we should anticipate shifted revenue for some reason or if you could just elaborate there it would be great.
Ted Grace – Susquehanna: Is there any pricing assumption positive pricing assumption built into that guidance flat kind of pretax contribution.
Keith Johnson – Morgan Keegan: Okay and then if we look at the fourth quarter taxes I guess, of course dropped off a little bit. But that’s all swap related and what happened fourth quarter on the income tax line.
Keith Johnson – Morgan Keegan: And then I guess just final question you’ve mentioned about the seasonality short of shifting with this asset swap. Because the portion of your business is now more to the West is that, should we just think about that particularly on the West segment as we kind of bottomed out first quarter and going forward with more of a presence in the Denver operation.
Keith Johnson – Morgan Keegan: And my final question is that any portion of that fourth quarter drop off in the West in the gross margin lines because of the swap happened and that’s the fact during extension.
