C. Howard Nye: Sure, I'll try to. I mean, we look at the starts too, and what's odd, Trey, is the way that construction starts are – actually the score is kept on those. Because the stats, as you know, typically include a 100% of the total cost of a project in the month of the start. So what happens in the stats is it completely ignores that construction spending covers a period of months or years after the start. So here's what happens with those. If we look at the first half of 2015, my recollection is there were around 13 different projects across the United States valued at a $1 billion or more. So there was a $9 billion L&G project in Texas, there was an $8.5 billion petrochem plant in Louisiana, and I think there were two different office starts in New York, at in excess of $3.5 billion. By contrast, if you roll forward, take a look at 2016, and you're looking even from the January to July period, as opposed to 13 in the previous year, there are only 4 valued at a $1 billion or more. But here's what happens. As 2016 progressed, you see a growing number of those large projects reach the start stage, and you see the delta in starts suddenly start to close. So as we're sitting here looking in 2016, total construction starts in 2016 are estimated to be up 1% to, let's call it $676 billion. But they're expected to grow an additional 5% in 2017. So again, as we're looking at this year that I think has been impacted by a number of very different issues relative to weather, relative to the timing of starts, number one, we are not concerned about what we see this year; and number two, as we're looking at what the third-party forecasters are saying, relative to non-res next year; again, that's part of what gives us the confidence that I tried to portray in my opening comments.
C. Howard Nye: You know what? Not particularly. In fact, what I will tell you is, the flooding hit the Rockies then it had someplace to flow.
C. Howard Nye: The difference is this: flooding was coming back in rivers, and it was – so you had rivers backing up in Eastern North Carolina. And you had rain in Western North Carolina fighting its way to the east. And it simply stayed there. And it stayed there for a very long time. As I said in my commentary, we're going to go into the holiday season and still have people living in shelters in Eastern North Carolina. So my sense is, Kathryn, that from an impact and dollar and cents perspective going forward, it's likely to be more impactful in Eastern North Carolina than it was in Colorado.
C. Howard Nye: I think that's what I would say is severalfold, Kathryn. As we look at that Texas market, you still have a market that's broadly sold out. So I mean, let's start with the notion that you still don't have enough domestic production to meet domestic needs. Clearly there has been some sort of transaction. South Texas at Argos we understand is not importing material into Houston any more. At the same time, what I will tell you, Kathryn, is we see two very different things, and back to your point, our Texas cement business isn't primarily in Texas, it's wholly in Texas. So that's all they have.
C. Howard Nye: What we're seeing in Midlothian is a very healthy market. And what we're seeing there relative to volumes and what we're seeing relative to price, is it's a pretty good place. Volumes and price at Hunter have been more challenged, and at the same time what we have certainly spoken to our customers about is an $8 a ton price increase next year. And we have some confidence around that. So that's where we are looking in that marketplace for next year. And we feel good about where we are, Kathryn.
C. Howard Nye: What's happening there is we're just getting some more volume, Kathryn. I mean, their cost structure is good, but they are simply getting more volume. Remember North Carolina lost about 40% of its volume from peak to trough. So what's happening is you've got a Charlotte market that's relatively healthy; you've got a Charleston, South Carolina market that's relatively healthy; you've got a Raleigh market that's getting healthier; and we're seeing more infrastructure work in the Triad than we've seen for years. So, when you are continuing to get good pricing in that marketplace – and in large part that's what we're seeing – and you're adding even incremental volume to it, it's very powerful. That goes back to that notion, Kathryn, as the East begins to recover, it's disproportionately impactful to our business. The Southeast is important in that; candidly, portions of the Mid-Atlantic are even more important in that.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, we'll give you much better guidance on that when we come out in February with full-year results and give you a real forecast for 2017 at that time. I think what you've heard us say in the past, though, is a completely fair way for you to think about it. And by that I mean, will you see consistent good pricing across the enterprise? Yes. Will you see the Western United States on a percentage basis outperform at East? Yeah, I think you will. And will we continue to see Colorado get better? I think, the answer to that is yes. And part of what, candidly, I loved about this last quarter, that's exactly what you saw. I mean those are commentary – very constant views that we've been offering for a couple of years. And as you'll recall, we said probably two years ago, guys, it's coming in Colorado, just give it time. And here you finally saw it in this quarter. So what I would say is we'll give you more color on that in February, but if you just stick with that general theme, you're going to be fine.
C. Howard Nye: You know, what I would say is clearly some of that's going to be acquisition, but most of it's what we're doing with our internal business. And here is the way that's working, Jerry. I mean, our asphalt and paving business in Colorado is a very good business, and they continue to see nice year-over-year improvement in that marketplace. Our ready mix concrete business in Colorado is a good, solid, mature ready mix concrete business. Here's what's happening. We said that you should expect our ready mix concrete business in Texas to continue to get better. And over time, you should see it performing the way that we're seeing our business in Colorado perform, and if you look at that business, that's what's happening. The cost structure's better, we're seeing much better pricing activity in that business, and here's the other piece that's helping there. You're seeing some headwinds in aggregate volume because you've got more brand new projects in parts of Texas, and you have to be working with wet soils. But when you've got concrete, and some other gets to be on more industrial or more mature type projects, concrete can actually go. So here's the odd thing, we were seeing internal aggregates to our ready mixed business actually better in third quarter. We're seeing stone going down on road projects coming down in the third quarter, which tells me the underlying business is good, but what you're seeing in Q3 on the downstream businesses is just the better performance that we were expecting to see.
C. Howard Nye: I guess what I would say is this. I mean, we're looking right now at a record backlog in Texas, and TxDOT has committed to at least $66 billion over the next 10 years. So keep in mind, Craig, even when Prop 1 was at its absolute peak, spending from 2010 to 2015, those fiscal years for Texas, was trending at about $5.2 billion. If we're looking at it right now, Prop 1 and Prop 7 should provide about $2.5 billion by 2018, rising to $3.1 billion by 2021. So if we're sitting here right now, we're looking at what we feel like is going to be probably a plus-$7 billion program in 2017, very healthy on the out years, going into the year with some of the largest backlogs that we've ever had. So, again, as we're looking at TxDOT and looking at a marketplace that 50% of our volume finds its way into infrastructure, we feel very confident, both in the near term and the long term there. I've got to believe Texas DOT is going to find its way through these administrative delays, so that's one reason I wanted to give the metric that I did early in the dialogue about the fact that they've hired several hundred more employees.
C. Howard Nye: I think by the time we get to half-year next year, FAST Act ought to be pretty well flowing through all these markets. And again, I think you need to remember too, there are going to a number of these markets, for example you're going to see better spend in Georgia next year, you're going to see better spend in Iowa next year, you're going to see probably modestly better spend in Indiana next year, probably modestly better in North Carolina next year, still a record spend in Florida next year. So I think by the time we get to half-year next year, you're going to have a pretty good effect from both the federal and the state side in almost all relevant geographic markets.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. Ballast is still down. I mean, if we look at where ballast is, I mean clearly the Class 1 railroads, with what they are not moving relative to energy, is pretty considerably off. And what I would say is, the railroads have done what you would expect any major industrial company to do. And that is, they pulled back on maintenance and repair, and at the end of the day, you can only do that for so long. And what I would say as well is we're not going to see a host of other people come in and put quarries on rail to meet that demand. We're going to be there, we're going to be ready for it, they are very good customers of ours, we want to supply their needs, and they are going to have some needs. But from a ballast perspective right now, it is one the more challenged areas of our business. I guess, the good news is, it's one of the smaller areas of our business.
C. Howard Nye: I think they've probably hired what they need to do to try to catch up. At the same time, I'm not completely inside baseball, so we're going to have to see what happens...
C. Howard Nye: But back to your question. If we're looking at really what we're looking at relative to headwinds in Texas, I mean, clearly, you've got energy sector headwinds that probably – this isn't just Texas, this is beyond that – probably 700,000 tons that are attributable to that. We mentioned earlier in the year that we were doing a transition from New Braunfels Quarry over to what will eventually be our Hunter Aggregates Facility, that's probably 600,000 tons. And if we're looking at just pure ballast sector as well, that's probably another 300,000. And if we're looking at other headwinds and tailwinds, and this is principally answering your question, what does TxDOT Weather mean? It probably means, about a 1.2 million, relative to tonnage. So I think that probably gives you a pretty good bridge.
C. Howard Nye: We have not seen a remarkable snapback yet, but what's remarkable to me is you do see more just early, early, early activity, once it starts peaking over $50. I can tell you the energy companies are really hoping it gets to about $65. I think if you see oil get to that $65 level, you're going to see pretty good activity there. So in the back of our mind, that's really a marker that we have. But if I told you we were seeing much right now, that wouldn't be correct.
C. Howard Nye: I guess what I would say, Garik, is what we've talked about was averages, right? And we said, when we saw our volume fall 80 million tons, we thought that for the first 40 million tons of recovery in our Heritage business, we would see it on average at 60% incremental margin. And clearly that's what we're seeing. We're seeing it plus that. Here's what's happening. You are getting the incremental margin boost because you're seeing a shift to more in the East. And again, here I've got something that we've been very transparent on, and we've spoken about for years. Because we said, we couldn't even hit the 60% all by itself, if we were just counting on a Western recovery all by itself. So if you believe, as I do, that we are in early innings in the Southeast, and in relative early innings in the Mid-Atlantic, then I think we're going to be certainly above that target that we've said. Now, do I think we're going to show up every quarter with 90%. I'd like to say that I thought we would, but I think that would be a little bit ambitious, so I'm not encouraging you to go and model that. But again, I think if you just come back, think about that average on 60%, and keep in mind, pricing's probably doing better than what we thought it was going to do as we went through this cycle, so maybe last a little bit longer than we thought it would when we said that first 40 million tons. So I would tell you, it has the capacity to endure. I think geographic mix is our friend. Clearly pricing has been our friend, and our cost profile is very attractive. So I think we remain pretty resilient around that.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah, Garik, that should be. I don't think there is anything up that's going to remarkable. And keep in mind, in fairness energy has been the industry's friend for the last several years. I think energy is going to continue, on a compared basis, to be the industry's friend. When we get to that point that energy is not the industry's friend, what you'll recall is historically, energy has been an impetus for pricing as well. So I don't see anything that I would think would be rocking your model from a material perspective on inputs next year.
C. Howard Nye: I'll tell you, we look at that very carefully every quarter, and I'm delighted to tell you that whatever the number was, it was immaterial. So what you're seeing tends to be what it does now.
C. Howard Nye: That's hard to say. I mean, I think you could go back over a usual highway bill and look at the rhythm and cadence on that, and say it takes probably 18 months for something really to start finding its way in a meaningful fashion. So I wouldn't expect it to be immediate, but I would expect it to be pretty impactful to our business, if that happens. I think one of the big issues that we need to keep in mind is, looking at employment across the United States and sorting out those states that even when you put the stimulus in, who's going to be able to put workers out there who can put that down? And the good news is, there are some Martin Marietta states where we think that can very much happen right now. But here's part of what what's different, I think it's interesting, Stanley, and it's a clear recurring theme that we're hearing from contractors, and that is, they're busy. And they haven't gone and hired a bunch of new people to come to work for them, because they're busy. If they've got a heavy financial incentive to go and accelerate a project, they will. If they have a strong financial disincentive to get something done, they'll follow that as well. But I think there are a lot of contractors, who're just as busy as they want to be. They're making good money, they don't want to overextend their businesses, and if they have can good multi-year backlogs and just continue to work that in 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020, yeah, I think they're pretty pleased with that. And if you're seeing what we did in this quarter with down volume, if we see just good, steady slow volume in this business, based on the enterprise that we've built, I think it's very powerful. And I think additional stimulus from whoever the next President is could be very powerful in this business. Do I think it's a 2017 event? No. Do I think it could be a mid-2018 event? Yeah, probably so.
C. Howard Nye: No, we are. But here's the way I would think about it if I were you, Brent, the West has already seen that happen, to a degree much more than the East has. So in my prepared commentary I think I mentioned Austin as one of those. But what you heard was then also somebody said Atlanta, and I said Charlotte, and I said places like Raleigh. So now we're seeing the Eastern United States go through that same transition, frankly, that we saw the Western U.S. doing 18 or 24 months ago. So directly to your point, if we're building a multifamily facility, really it's going to take stone on the base and concrete that's going to go on the pads. If we see new subdivision work, until those roads and streets are accepted by a local municipality for maintenance, everything that we're selling on the roads, everything that we're selling on the sidewalks, everything that we're selling on the utilities, everything that we're selling on the lot, counts as residential. So when we see that type of turn hitting a city like Charlotte right now, and Atlanta right now, and Charlotte right now – by the way, all still in very early stages of that – it is much more aggregate-intensive, and we think it's much more powerful.
C. Howard Nye: I believe the best is yet to come in that state. Remember a couple of things here. One, they had the tax initiative that they referred to as TSPLOST that really ended up hitting three different geographic areas in South Georgia several years ago, which has given that part of the state a good, steady infrastructure ride. What we believe is going to happen is, with the new $900 million that came through the House bill last year, we're going to see more overall Georgia DOT work, it's going to be more impactful in 2017 than it was in 2016 – and by the way, that's what we thought 2016 was going to be – and we think we're likely to see more of that in the early phases in North Georgia, read Atlanta, than in South Georgia. So I think your take is right, Brent.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. I guess what I would say is, we're looking to grow our business in places that we have good, leading positions on, and we can do value-enhancing acquisitions. So the one that we just finished in Texas was really one that, given the JV status, we were going to do anyway. But keep in mind, Stanley, it fits entirely – I meant Brent – it fits entirely in that marketplace that means a lot to us, and that's the golden triangle. So where we bought that business is exactly where our strategic plan dictates that we would buy it. The other thing that I would tell you is, if you're looking at Texas and how that stake's going to grow between now and 2050, you're going to have 70% of the population in Texas living in the golden triangle. And remember, when you're looking at that, you're looking at a space that's roughly the size of Pennsylvania anyway. And we will have, and we do have, the leading position in that marketplace. That said, do we want to grow in the Eastern U.S.? You bet, we do. Are we looking at transactions potentially there? We certainly are. Do we think we did the right transaction in Central Texas and North Texas with Ratliff? We believe we did.
C. Howard Nye: Mike, I'll try to say something on the all three of those, how about that? Here's what I would on the Ratliff piece, no we weren't consolidating anything.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. Relative to transfer pricing, Mike, your question, we transfer at market. So I can answer that directly to you. And relative to the share buybacks, what I can tell you is, we have this bad habit, we joke about it, we try to do exactly what we say we're going to do. And if you think back to what we said, we wanted to maintain that debt-to-EBITDA ratio of two times, but we've also said that our first priority are doing the right transactions. So if you look at where we ended the quarter, and if you look at the transaction that we did, and if you look at where it left our ratio, it was exactly where we said we wanted to be. So what I will tell you is, if people are listening to our words, there should be no surprise on that. So that was the driver of the lack of share buybacks in Q3.
C. Howard Nye: No. There are not any other major ones that I would anticipate having a similar conversation around.
C. Howard Nye: Thanks again for joining our third quarter 2016 earnings call. We are excited about the future of Martin Marietta, and we're in a very advantageous position through our superior geographic locations in markets that continue to experience strong employment growth. The favorable construction outlook, with significant pricing opportunities still to come, will benefit this company for many years. Martin Marietta's focused execution of its strategic plan should provide a firm foundation to enhance long-term shareholder value. We very much look forward to discussing our full-year results with you in February. Thank you for your time and support of Martin Marietta.
Anne H. Lloyd: And Kathryn, just you give some context, you saw that aggregates volume was down for the whole quarter for the company as a whole, we actually saw volume activity up in double digits in those areas of the Mid-Atlantic.
Anne H. Lloyd: Yes, and Craig, if you take a look at those big projects, I mean, as Ward indicated, several of them started late in September, some more started in October, and based on our conversations with the Texas DOT, if you look into 2017, looks like a pretty uniform distribution of those projects happening throughout the various quarters of next year.
Anne H. Lloyd: Well, we also know – we also know that they have a budget request for even more hires. So it'll be interesting to see how that gets resolved.
Anne H. Lloyd: Garik, just to give you some color on capacity, if you look at those, kind of the Southeastern markets, those are just barely ticking above 50% of prior period peaks, although pricing there is still incredibly strong. And then if you look at – through the Carolinas, those markets are probably between the 65% and 70% of prior peak, so they still have some of that operating leverage room to go. And again, pricing's, just like the quarter, pricing just falls directly through.
Anne H. Lloyd: So the one thing I would say that potentially could be deflationary as we move into next year, is we have made some good investment in mobile equipment to help with the repair and maintenance costs on the business, and are beginning to see trends of that – of decline in the per-ton cost of repair and maintenance. So I think we would expect to see some future benefit into that, into 2017, Garik.
Anne H. Lloyd: And Brent, I do think, as we indicated earlier, the activity, the growth we're beginning to see in the early innings, where I think you characterized it as in the third or fourth inning, coming into the Carolinas, as we see the volumes come back there, I think the mix of the business actually will rationalize out a little bit more than the skew that it has been a little bit more to Texas, just simply because the Southeast and Carolinas have been down so long. So that's part of what I think will be the balancing and diversification of our model.
Anne H. Lloyd: No. it was a nonconsolidated entity, and all of its tonnage would've been included in external tons, so then now they've included in internal tons.
