Jim Nickolas: Thank you Howard. The building materials business achieved record products and services revenues of $4.2 billion a 12% increase and record product gross profit of $1.1 billion a 26% increase. Full year aggregates product gross margin increased 360 basis points to 29.3% driven by pricing gains and improved operating leverage from increased shipment and production levels. We also benefited from the actions of the negative impact from selling acquired inventory or written by acquisition accounting in 2018 as part of the Bluegrass transaction. However, following months of robust shipment levels we incurred higher late year costs for contract services, repairs and supplies to better prepare ourselves for future production needs. These costs negatively impacted our incremental margin as did the disproportionately strong growth in long-haul distribution revenues which have a lower margin and local or truck served [quarry] revenues. While our revenues grew at roughly double the rate of quarry revenues I'm pleased to report that gross profit per ton increased for both the long-haul and local quarry operations. Our cement operations established all-time records for product revenues and gross profit. Product revenues increased 13% to $439 million driven by volume and pricing growth. Notably, gross profit increased 14% to $143 million even after accelerating $6 million of planned maintenance outage activities at our Hunters cement plant during the fourth quarter 2019. Revenue growth coupled with production efficiencies from increased shipment and production levels more than offset the higher maintenance costs as product gross margin improved 20 basis points to 32.7%. Product revenues for the ready mix concrete business decreased less than 2%. Despite lower revenues gross margin expanded 60 basis points reflecting the benefits of our 2018 restructuring of the company's Southwest ready mix concrete business. Magnesia Specialties product revenues decreased 7% to $250 million as chemicals and lime customers reduced inventory levels to line with a slowing demand trends experienced during the back half of the year. Our lime business was negatively impacted by the General Motors work stoppages in September and October as steel manufacturers pull back on demand the fluxing agent products we provide. We anticipate these current trends to be short-term in nature. Impressively, product gross margin actually improved 150 basis points to 39.8% as the business pro-actively responded with effective cost control measures. We ended 2019 with a strongest cash generation in our history. Operating cash flow of $966 million increased 37% over 2018 driven by double-digit earnings growth and lower contributions to our already well-funded qualified defined benefit pension plan. Martin Marietta continues to balance its long-standing discipline capital allocation priorities to further enhance shareholder value and maintain financial flexibility. Our priorities remain value enhancing acquisitions, prudent organic capital investment and the opportunistic return of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases all while maintaining our investment grade credit rating profile. In 2019, we deployed $394 million of capital into our business and returned $228 million to shareholders through both an increased dividend and the repurchase of 416,000 shares of our common stock. Since the announcement our share repurchase program in February 2015 we've returned more than $1.6 billion to shareholders while at the same time growing our business profitably and responsibly. We also reduced debt by $350 million in 2019. Strong earnings growth and higher debt repayments allowed the company to return as we said we would to our target leverage ratio of 2 to 2.5 times. With that I will turn the call back to Howard to discuss our 2020 outlook.
Jim Nickolas: Yes. Hey Stanley it's Jim. So I would say in aggregates in total our CapEx is roughly constant as a percent of sales and we've been doing that in ‘18 and ‘19 and expect the same in 2020. We have been spending more on mobile in the prior years. We are shifting a bit now to plant upgrades and efficiency improvements. So I would say we're close to, most of it is maintenance capital but it’s efficiency improvement capital at the same time. So no searching is going forward there.
Jim Nickolas: Well, our priorities have not changed and so I’ll answer the second part of the question first aside M&A the reinvesting in the business and CapEx we talked about that roughly 8%-9% of sales typically what we shoot for. It's what we've been doing and beyond that we are returning capital to shareholders in the form of higher dividends which we've been doing last couple years, meaningful increases in the dividend rate and then share buyback which we have also been doing in the last few years. So we'll continue to do those two things. In terms of leverage we have a stated target leverage of 2 to 2.5 times. We are currently at the lower end of that range. Of course that's done in the context of M&A pipeline, in the context of economic outlook and our expectations for the year. So there's no static view we take but by and large 2 to 2.5 times is our debt EBITDA ratio.
Howard Nye: No, Trey that's a great question. Thank you for that. I mean here's the quick tale of the tape. I mean if we go down I can tell you mid-Atlantic backlogs for our customers are up. If we look at Midwest that just had a killer year last year from a volume perspective [they also] flat. If we look at Mideast they're up. Southwest is up. Cement is up and Rocky Mountain is up. I mean the Rocky is really it was interesting trade because they had a 2019 that felt like 2018 did I think for much of the industry from a weather perspective. So as we're looking across our footprint and looking at most of our divisions what I'll tell you is their backlogs and speaking to their customers actually look it's good or better going into ‘20 than they did going into ‘19 and to your point that's the primary driver that gives us the confidence in the volume prediction that we put out so far today. We feel very comfortable with that.
Howard Nye: Actually Trey, does not. What I would say is there were primarily two issues that I would call out. Clearly there were some permitting delays in Georgia that slowed down two projects. Those are resolved and really you had some weather issues that drove some activity or lack of activity in Colorado. If we pause and look at it more broadly here's what I'll tell you if you look in Texas you're looking at letting schedule of $7.7 billion which is very much in their sweet spot. I think they'll be very good with that. What's striking is if you look forward to 2021 it's a $14.1 billion placeholder right now. So those are huge dollars for this year and going into next because you'll see even more design-build. Keep in mind we're going to start to benefit from the major mobility program in Georgia as well. They're going to come out with $12 billion of new projects to reduce congestion primarily around the Atlanta metro area where in a post Bluegrass World we have a much more significant footprint. Even North Carolina the fact is the state is in very, very good condition. If we look overall at the lettings that they've had over the last several years they put essentially in a very attractive place particularly in Eastern North Carolina. I think the only thing that may happen for a period of months is we may see modestly less maintenance spend but equally if we look at Colorado DOT and again hitting these really hit our top leading states from an infrastructure perspective the surface treatment budget is up significantly. It's up 84 million to 303 million and the capital destruction budget remains steady to last year when they were actually hit with pretty notable weather circumstances. So if we look at our states by revenue in number one Texas, it looks really good. Number two, Colorado it looks really good. North Carolina looks strong actually. We're going to have some delays early. Georgia looks good and Florida continues to have a budget in the $10 billion range. Again when we're looking at numbers like that on the public side and we see what we think is coming it gives us a lot of conviction around that biggest single part of our business trend
Howard Nye: Sure. I'll do my best with that, that's a lot. Kathryn, here's what I would say. When I was speaking to Q4 of saying look at that as a prelude, I was really talking more about pricing and more about volume in that context.
Howard Nye: It can vary a lot depending on the jobs. Because you can certainly get orders and then on occasion just as we saw in North Georgia, you can see some permitting that delays that may tie into environmental or other issues. So, it can be anywhere from two months to six months fill in and again there can be some noise around both of those. But I do think what we're seeing relative to public is a much healthier '20 than we've seen over the last several years.
Howard Nye: Hey, you're welcome. Look from what we can tell, obviously we've come out with our price increase letter that was $8 effective April 20. From what we hear from our customers in the marketplace that I think most others have come out with prices that stand like there in that same range. I think there is one that has come out with a letter that's even in excess of that. But that's certainly what we're looking at and it's something that going into the year we've got nice conviction around there.
Howard Nye: One think I try to stay away from is talking too much about the quarter that were in the middle of because if we ever talk about a one quarter and it was great, then we don’t talk about the next you're almost indicating one way or the other. But I'll say is that I think everything that we see in Dallas and Fort Worth and in San Antonio and keep in mind that's where two cement plants are -- is a very healthy marketplace. We talked a little bit early in the call of what the key budgets look like there. At the same time if we come back and take a look at what residential looks like at that marketplace. I mean it's really very, very attractive; Texas and Florida continue to be for example in the top 10 for total permits. DFW has been leading in the nation for a while in single-family and in multi-family. And what you wouldn’t expect is to still see multi-family so strong this deep into a recovery which tells us what we long San Antonio and that is this is really not been a building and let recovery at. So, I think is we're looking at our cement business. We think it's going to be very busy this year and we think Texas is going to be a great place to be from a volume perspective and a profit perspective. The one thing I would say to you is we're going to be particularly focused this year on enhancing our efficiencies. If we can get efficiency levels at the levels that we believe are perfectly attainable at both Midlothian and Hunter and we can have a very special year in cement this year.
Howard Nye: Yes, we have. We brought that leverage down very quickly. And as Jim said as we said we would. Look, we're involved in a steady diet of conversations on M&A and part of what we're doing is as you've heard us say before, we're in aggregate slow business and that is what is going to drive our ability to grow the business the way that we would like to going forward. And I also believe that two things. One, we have a very healthy balance sheet, number two we've got regulatory capacity I think in attractive markets today that others don’t. What that means is you can expect us on the right deal to make sure that we get the right deals, at the same time you should expect us to be very disciplined around transactions that from a marginal order perspective don’t fit what we want to do. And I think if you go back and take a look at what we did with TXI, what we did with Blue Grass and what we've done with some of the tuck-in transactions we've done in Colorado in the aftermath of our river for the Rocky's transaction. That is an area in which we are very disciplined but I would tell you very, very busy right now.
Howard Nye: Jerry, I think what we anticipated is what we saw for the full year on rail should remain relatively static. So again there was disproportionate growth on the rail side in ‘19. We think we'll see that pretty steady in ‘20 and we think we'll see more coming out of the truck serves. So if you recall Jerry coming into ‘19 we had actually said we thought you'd see incremental margins in the aggregates business of around 55% but we did not anticipate as strong a rail yard year as we did which brought that down just modestly. If you take a look at what incrementals look like for the aggregates business going into ‘20 you'll see that we're planning for that 60% number as opposed to the 55% that we planned for last year. So I think the dialogue around really thinking more or less flat rail ‘19 and the ‘20 and then also going back and giving you that snapshot of where we were on incrementals last year and where we are this year I think that answers your question.
Howard Nye: I think we've seen the price increases going in the way that we thought that they would Jerry and that is -- they've been going in anywhere from January 1 to April 1 and my guess is there's not going to be anything particularly striking in a difference relative to pricing other than that I think it's going to be modestly stronger in ‘20 than it was in ‘19 because that's usually what healthy volumes do for you. So I wouldn't call out any particular difference relative to cadence.
Howard Nye: We have not baked in any midyears into that Jerry. So really what we've done in the guidance is anticipated a wetter than usual year. We've anticipated that the pricing is what the pricing is and then mid years come along that would add some momentum to that and keep in mind Jerry one thing to remember even if you do get mid years you're only going to recognize about 25% of a mid-year during the year in which you put the mid year because you still had to work off some backlog and other commitments before it really fully comes into play. So midyears help you a degree in the year in which you put them in. They actually end up being more of your friend in the following year.
Howard Nye: Yes, what I would say in many respects is it worked pretty well. So there are a lot of aspects of that that we would not change as opposed to things that we would change. What we believe, we believe this business is an aggregates led business and we think it's aggregates led for all the right reasons. We think really being focused on geographies with high population growth or either consuming significant aggregates is where we want to be. The notion that we've moved the business from one or two and 65% of our markets to one or two and 90% of our markets over a decade is a pretty heavy statistic when you think about a big heavy slow-moving industry and the ability to always remain profitable and never cut a dividend, these are things to us that are so fundamental to who we are and what I would tell you is you should continue to look for us to do the types of things that we did when we exited the [report] and we went into Colorado, to do the types of things that we did as we bucked up our business in Atlanta and took a leading position in Maryland. And to the extent that we can do that in markets that continue to exhibit good population trends, good state fiscal health, multiple end use drivers those are the types of things that we're focused on. When we did sort of 2020 our aim was to be to the point that we had something that looked like an enterprise value of around $20 billion by the time we get into 2020. I think when we rolled that out most people who were looking at it would have been too kind to have said you can't do it but they may well have thought it and we largely did it. So as we think about sort of 2025 we will continue to be, we'll probably put some numbers out that can look aspirational. We think they're doable and that's how we intend to grow the business.
Howard Nye: No. I don't think so. For example I think our [Q1] expenses will actually be friendlier in ‘20 than they were in ‘19 for some of the reasons we discussed and I think we've actually on some of the catch-up grading that we've done. I think we're sitting in the type of place that you would expect. I think the CapEx that we've been putting into mobile equipment will continue to be our friend relative to maintenance and repair. So [Gareth] there is not a cadence out there this year that I would be wanting to highlight to you right now. I think the big driver for a little bit of a stutter step there at year-end was volumes were just up more than the people would have thought and because of that we had some catch-up to do but we don't see that in ‘20 right now
Howard Nye: Stanley we're really not. If you look back several years’ labor has never been an issue for us. It doesn't look like it's going to be this year either and as we're looking at the other inputs again we feel very confident with it. So I don't see anything that would really move in that respect.
Howard Nye: I think volume is clearly a friend on that and obviously in the fourth quarter there was some degree of mix relative to rail and we did that. But again if we go back over time part of what we've seen Adam and we've spoken of it I think it surprised people that we would have the ability to get price in a down market but we did and part of what we indicated as we thought we would have even more ability to get price centered on market and I think that's what you saw last year. Keep in mind we end up being at the end of the day a relatively small piece of overall construction from a cost perspective 10% of the cost of building road, 2% of the cost of building a home and somewhere between those percentages on a non-resident project we are [selling] the product that's going to make or break a general contractor or sub on either getting the job, not getting the job or being profitable. At the same time we have a product in the ground that gets more valuable by the day and we want to make sure that we have the ability to capture that value because the barriers to entry continue to be very, very high. So I think you have all of those factors coalescing and I think that's evidence in what you see the pricing.
Howard Nye: Sure. Michael it's going to be scientific and anecdotal all at the same time. So have we seen some states go from taking seven years to get jobs out to being more like two years to get jobs that we have and has North Carolina for example been a part of that? Absolutely. Have we seen other states getting better at that? No doubt. And even in the president's draft budget that he's put out of course he's talking about the total $1 trillion infrastructure investments. So that's the broader picture that he has painted at the same time even he starts talking about in that broad-based budget more of what he would like to see done. I think we've seen some edges of it in NEPA reform on what can happen on getting projects approved more quickly. So what I will tell you is kind of sit here today and give you definitive numbers on what we think they would be up. No, I can't but at the same time can I look over the past several years and say that North Carolina for example was able to go through $2 billion that had really been put on the shelves because they couldn't get jobs out as quickly as they wanted to because they had gotten more efficient at it. Yes, do we think it will continue to get it better at the federal level? Yes. And do we think that will likely be part of a new highway bill? We think it probably will be.
Howard Nye: Michael, I think it can vary a lot. I think it can vary depending on are you talking branded, are you talking limestone and rock and sand and gravel, are you talking of pure play or are you talking to vertical play, are you talking East coast are you talking middle of the country or West. So I think it moves around. What I would say at the end of the day is people recognize these are very valuable businesses. Often times they are justifiably pretty proud of them which is one of the reasons that we have to make sure that we can get a good synergy when we go and do these transactions. So again I think there's a lot of dialogue. We will not overreach on things. We will continue to be responsible with it but we're certainly seeing things today that if things come together we can execute on and I think do quite well with them.
Howard Nye: Well I'll tell you what let me do this way. I'll address the second part of it and that is the quantum of deals. I'll let Jim come back and talk a little bit about firepower. The fact is we're always engaged in at least or probably more than a handful of dialogues and again they can vary pretty considerably in size. So the conversations continue to be regular and they continue to be rich in many respects and rich I don't mean numbers, I mean just in the form of dialogue. That's it and let me turn it over to Jim and he can talk a little bit about firepower.
Howard Nye: Seldon, if we think about what's happened over the last 24 months, 18 months we've done the second largest transaction in our company's history. The year before that we raised our dividend by 9%. This past year by 15%. Obviously the board will look at that again in August but to do a transaction the way that we did with Bluegrass to delever as quickly as we did to be in a position to take the dividend up and buy shares back is a very nice place to be and I think that speaks well to the discipline that the team has shown overall on capital requirement.
Howard Nye: I guess number one Adrian thank you for your question. Number two, if we just look at Texas cement overall and Texas consumed about 18.7 million tons of cement last year. About 13.5 of that was from domestic producers in Texas. So the short answer is you're going to have to have some degree of import that's coming into the state right now simply to meet the needs. I think if you look at where our plants are very much by design in Dallas Fort Worth and in San Antonio they have ability for water imports to come in and meaningfully interdict our businesses is low and again that's by design. I think you will continue to see the need and the desire for cement to continue to go up in that state. I think the fact that we're talking about an $8 ton price increase there, demonstrates that demand supply band is going to be somewhere in our favor. Clearly that is going to help drive our business. The other thing that I would say to your point we will clearly have less kiln maintenance expenses in ‘20 than we had last year and then the number that we know it's going to be real it's just a more elusive number is what you get from the shear efficiencies that we believe we will recognize that both Midlothian and at Hunter. Again, as I look across the business and think about the areas that I think have the potential to have a really pretty special year this year. I would put cement somewhere near the head of that list Adrian
Howard Nye: Absolutely try to. Let's do the recycle issue first and what I would say Paul is recycle is going to be an issue that's not going to hit all markets the same way it's going to hit different markets differently. So if you think of our markets such as Los Angeles or markets such as Houston that really in LA you've got depletion. In Houston, you have no coarse aggregates that are indigenous there, which means that is you have certain destruction of buildings, you can have crush concrete in that marketplace that can be used in some instances as a base material. Keep in mind in many instances recycle is going to be more usable in a commercial application as supposed to a DOT application because oftentimes they won't meet the more rigorous DOT specifications. So what I would say is -- while I think today's pricing is in aggregates and what I think, frankly think they're going to be for the next decade when you see more recycle on the edges I think you will on occasion. I don't think it's going to be a huge displacing factor. Keep in mind even recycle that you see in recycled asphalt commonly referred to as wrap is really more used to pull the liquid out of buildings as opposed to the stone. So I think we see it that way. Relative to the second part of your question that was with respect to delays what I would say is clearly we did see some of delays in Georgia. We saw some delays in North Carolina. I don't want to quantify exactly how much I think that would have moved the aggregate tonnage. I think it would have moved it a bit. Importantly those are high profit states. So I think it probably would have hit more bottom line on profits as opposed to bottom line relative to volumes.
Howard Nye: Yes. I guess we would say several things. We think there is a role in what we do for green fielding at the same time if we look at our volume this past year at 191 million tons and we look all the way through a cycle. I would ask you to remember this at the peak of last cycle we produced and sold 205 million tons. At the bottom of the last cycle 125 million tons and 191 last year. Of that 191, 40 million tons are due to acquisitions over the last decade-ish. So we're comparing same on same all the way through a cycle take the 190 that we just finished within 2019. Take 40 million tons from it, it puts us at 150 million tons same on same versus 205 at peak and 125 at the bottom. That's not a long way of saying I don't think we're in a position today that adding Greenfield sites is a particularly value enhancing strategy for us. We have ample reserves and very attractive markets. Green fielding to me is when you want to go into a new market or you've got reserves that you're trying to protect. The other thing that I would say is most Greenfield applications will probably take around seven years to put in and again you've got several components you have to be mindful of number one environmentally what you're dealing with delegated state authority from using federal statutes but then more importantly what's happening relative to local land use. Rob that's the piece of it in the United States, but I think most people miss because, I think most people feel like the bigger issue is environmental. The bigger issue is in fact land use. So as we think about it have we opened the single largest Greenfield operation on the Union Pacific's vast network about five years ago? We have but again a very strategic play to make sure we can supply DOT spec stone and to Houston for a generation. Have we looked at opening underground mines in places like in the Midwestern U.S.? We have but we haven't taken on a slew of green fields because at the end of the day we don't think it's the best use of our capital.
Howard Nye: No, I do think we'll see a potential tailwind. I mean again weather was the primary driver for the variance that you've seen. We talked a little bit about the sheer quantum of days that we lost because of the weather. If we look at the backlogs that we have in that business going into the year they really look very, very good. If we look in from a customer perspective, we're looking at already over 50% of our backlog being booked for the year and for me need to be able to say that to you in the first half of February is a pretty heavy place.
Howard Nye: Well thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. We continue to focus on maximizing value for shareholders as we build on our strong results and strive to realize the company's full potential. Given Martin Marietta’s world class attributes and our expectation of a sustainable and steady public private sector construction activity we believe 2020 will be another record year for Martin Marietta. We look forward to discussing our first quarter 2020 results in a few months. As always we're available to answer any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi, thank you for taking my questions today. First on pricing, if you could just give thoughts on prints and pricing and in more particular how do you feel going into 2020 in terms of how the landscape setup and how is this relative to last year. And if you could really look at it in terms of product line, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Kathryn Thompson: Yes, it's very helpful. Then my second question really ties in the current quarter with your outlook. The current quarter is really with the puts and takes for the margin drag, where the aggregates segments and help us understanding more with one-time in nature versus ongoing and kind of tag into that really into 2020 outlook as you mentioned a long-haul volumes in the quarter or it impacts stripping costs for Colorado impact or but --.
Kathryn Thompson: Yes. And really, kind of the point is, is this kind of a one-time or and how should we think about the cadence going forward. So, I -- that did answer my question. Thank you, very much.
