C. Nye: Jim, thanks so much. To conclude, we expect 2024 will be another year of significant achievement for Martin Marietta. We're well positioned to benefit from infrastructure tailwinds, providing steady product demand and favorable commercial dynamics across our coast-to-coast footprint. Over the past 30 years, since the public company, Martin Marietta has built a resilient and durable business. We'll continue to build on the foundation that has proven so successful an aggregates-led platform with an unwavering commitment to safety, commercial and operational excellence and the disciplined execution of our strategic priorities. If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we'll turn our attention to addressing your questions. Thank you. 
C. Nye: No, we are. So if you look at the overall EBITDA midpoint, it's now $2.37 billion. Now that's 11% over where we were last year. So take that into account that basically, we're going to give you a year's worth of Blue Water in only 9 months. So that's one way to think of it. But the other thing that's important to state is we're also seeing improvement in the Heritage business as well. So we're getting a 2 for there. We're getting the benefit of Blue Water, by the way, which we think there's going to be more to come. We're also seeing improvement in the Heritage business you can see, among other things, we raised the aggregate pricing to 12% at the midpoint. So again, that's going to include some degree of midyear this year. And keeping in mind some of the difficulty that we have is if we're looking at pricing that was at Frei and pricing that was at Blue Water, their pricing was actually below Heritage Martin Marietta pricing. So the pricing that you're seeing and the changes that you're seeing are despite the overall headwind that we actually have from the new businesses that we brought in, Trey. So I hope that helps relative to the EBITDA range and what we're doing relative to pricing as well. 
C. Nye: Thank you, Kathryn. So a couple of things. One, if we're looking at the pricing guide that we've given for the rest of the year, I mean here's the direct answer. It's got some mid years. It doesn't have everything that we believe we're going to see. So what does that mean? It means that now that we bought Blue Water, we've already indicated to those customers, they're going to get midyears. So we've built that in. As you may recall, coming into the year, we had indicated that we had not put it in guidance. We had already indicated to our customers in California that they were going to get midyears, that has been worked on. So there have been some very specific midyears that have been worked into the numbers that you see. So the numbers that you're seeing reflect 2 things: some very direct midyears, very nice realization of the beginning year increases that we put in. But the fact is, we still think we're going to see some more mid-years at midyear. So what that tells you is you should expect us to come back with more color on what that looks like. when we're reporting during the summertime. So that's the way I would ask you to think about that. Now relative to Mag Specialties, I would say several things. Number one, the chemical markets globally are still very difficult markets. Now that said, Mag just had its best quarter ever. So I'd say a couple of things are worth reading through on that. Number one is steel doing relatively well. It is. Is it blowing the doors off? It's not. So it tells us that business is actually performing quite well. So steel utilization is about at 72%. So if we're looking at the way that business is overall going, I'm actually very pleased with it. I think a read-through that you may be looking at is this. One of the things that we're seeing begin to recover nicely is TPO roofing. And that tells us now as we're looking at degrees of manufacturing and that manufacturing renaissance that we can look for across the United States that TPO roofing is what we're going to see in a lot of these data centers and a lot of these new battery plants and others. So typically, we're watching those products go into larger industrial uses. But when we're seeing TPO roofing recover, -- if you're looking for that read through, Kathryn, I don't think that's a bad read through. 
C. Nye: Stanley, thank you for the question. Happy to do so. I mean, look, let's start with infrastructure, which is our single largest end use and an end use that we think is going to get nicely larger. Look, we see that up mid-single to high single digits this year for several reasons. One, you've got the bipartisan infrastructure law that's going to be coming in, in a meaningful way this year. Build into '25 even more meaningfully. So we see that working in a very significant way in a multi-year fashion. Keep in mind, too, we've got very healthy DOTs in our chosen geographies. If we're looking at our top 10 states, those budgets are up around 10% year-over-year. And last year, keep in mind, those budgets were pretty attractive. I mentioned in my prepared comments that if we're looking at the last 12 months highway, bridge and tunnel awards, those were up 12%. That's $116 billion versus $104 billion during the prior period. And the other thing that I think people forget is what's happening at local levels relative to ballot initiatives and what we saw last year were about $7 billion of transportation funding approved in 2023 that we'll see in the marketplace this year. So again, we think infrastructure looks attractive. If we're looking at non-res, our view is still largely the same. We think that's down probably mid-single digits, perhaps a little bit more. Keep in mind, of the portion of our business that is non-res. Around 55% of it is heavy non-res and about 45% of it is light non-res. And by the way, we think that's a pretty good break and we like the way that looks. Now if we're thinking about heavy, several things that worth keeping in mind. One, we put in the supplemental slides the fact that there's $53 billion worth of CHIPS Act money and about $250 billion of Inflation Reduction Act money that will be flowing through those sectors over the next several years. But what we're seeing more specifically is demand for heavy side energy and domestic manufacturing. That continues to be really resilient. And we think that's offsetting moderation in degrees of distribution and warehousing. Now where we are seeing some green shoots, and I think this is important, is in AI and in data centers. So for example, I mentioned Google is building a new facility in Kansas City. It's going to take about 800,000 tons but it's not just there. I mean, we're seeing it across the Midwest. We're seeing it in Omaha. We're seeing it in Des Moines. And we're going to be a disproportionate beneficiary of that due to the availability of land and wind power in those states where we actually have a very significant interest. Now light non-res is, in fact, in our view, going to be impacted near term by the high interest rates for longer and office vacancy rates. And I think that partly goes back to the commentary that I was having with Trey relative to what we see going on with organic volume. So that's certainly a piece of it. And resi, we see that down, let's call it, low single digits, maybe modestly higher than that. We think softness will persist there as we continue navigating this period of higher mortgage rates that's impacting affordability. I think clearly, people are thinking today that mortgage rates are going to remain higher than they would have thought in February. And I think that's part of the reality of it. But I do like the recent trends. I mean if we're looking at recent trends in single-family housing starts are encouraging because since last November, the starts have been at 1 million units, and that's a nearly 21% year-over-year increase, and we know the demand is going to have to be met with new construction. And again, if you take a look at the states with big population inflows I mean think about these states and think about Martin Marietta Texas, Florida, North Carolina, Georgia, et cetera. So far we think near-term single-family housing is going to be a modest headwind, we think long term, it's going to be really very attractive. So our view is if we look at infrastructure and think about how that's going to build multiyear, we look at res, think about how that's going to build multiyear look at the heavy side of non-res, we think that's going to continue to be very resilient. And we think the light nonres is going to come behind res most likely with that 6- to 9-month lag. So Stanley, I hope that helps. 
C. Nye: I'd say several things. Number one, we are an aggregates-led company, and we've always told people that's what you should expect us to be. And the moves that we have made are totally consistent with that. So should you expect to see aggregates number go up largely because I think we'll be buying relatively aggregates pure businesses? I think the answer to that question is yes. Equally though, if we pivot and talk about the other 2 businesses that you spoke up, remember, we've long spoken of the criticality of strategic cement. And we've said strategic cement is where we're an aggregates leader where the market is naturally vertically integrated, where we have a significant downstream business, meaning ready-mix concrete, that takes a significant portion of the cement and where it cannot be meaningfully interdicted by water. And the fact is that is precisely what Midlothian means to us. And one of the things that you will keep in mind, Anthony, we've got 450,000 tons worth of annual capacity that will be coming on at Midlothian this year in Q3. So we continue to invest in that business because we like that business, and we very much like being in that business in Dallas-Fort Worth. Equally, if you look at the Magnesia Specialties business, and keep in mind that's a business that we have about $100 million worth of investment in. That's a business that's going to make over $100 million a year. And frankly, it's a business that if we can find ways to responsibly grow it, they've earned that right because from a margin perspective, that's a hugely attractive business. So the way that we think of it, yes, is it aggregates led, you bet. Are we looking in particular at those 3 big upstream businesses is driving the vast majority of our revenues and profits. And the upstream businesses, meaning, number one, aggregates; number two, cement; number three, Mag specialties. So yes, you will see that aggregates percentage go up. And yes, your number was right. I mean we're sitting here today looking at gross profit from aggregates at about 77%. And if we look to where we were a year ago, it was somewhere sub-70%, closer to 69%. So expect that number to keep going up but I hope I've also outlined to you the way that we think about our very important and very good cement business in Dallas-Fort Worth and a high-performing Magnesia Specialties business as well. 
C. Nye: Thank you for the question. I would say several things. One, we have looked in the markets in which we want to grow and in the markets, most importantly, that we can grow. So we have several things that advantage is. Number one, the condition of our balance sheet. So if you look at our balance sheet, we are in a position that we can grow and we can continue to grow smartly. Number two, if you look at the transactions that we've done, I think you'll look at the transactions and say that we have done those in a wise and prudent fashion. If we look at businesses that we want to buy in markets in which we want to enter, by our math, we found businesses that on a per annum basis, produce and sell about 238 million tons of aggregates per annum. Here's the way to capture that. Basically, there's another Martin Marietta that's out there that we believe we have the ability over time to buy. Now can I sit here and tell you from a linear perspective exactly what that's going to look like? No, I can't. But can I tell you that I believe, economically, geographically, regulatorily and otherwise that we are uniquely positioned to do that, in my view, better than any other publicly held company in the United States. I believe that we are. And of course, I look at the world through Martin Marietta lenses, but I also believe that's a good clinical view of where we are. Our team is good at that. We're good at identifying businesses. We're good at the contracting phase of it. And as you heard during our earlier comments, we're very good at the integration and synergy phase of it as well. And our shareholders like what we do from M&A. So will it continue to be our first call on capital, if we've got the right deal? The answer is it will. So our capital priorities remain the same. The right deal is, #1, investing in the business responsibly is #2, and returning cash to shareholders through a meaningful and sustainable dividend and through share repurchases remains #3. And my guess is those will be our priorities for quite a while. So again, I hope that's responsive to your question. 
C. Nye: Yes. Thank you for the question. Number one, what I would say is when we go through a transaction and look at what we can do from a synergy perspective on making the operations safer, on making the operations more efficient and making sure that we can bring more products to market. The ability to go through a business and synergize it from those perspectives so it works for our customers is important, and that's precisely what we've been able to do at Blue Water, and that's what we're doing right now at Albert Frei. And through that type of process that we have, we can take what might otherwise look like a relatively high multiple. And by the time we're done with it, bring it to a multiple that you look at, and I look at our shareholders look at and feel like that's a very attractive model. Our view is that's the way that we're going to continue growing our business. Now from a land use and planning perspective, look, we're good at that, too. We're good at identifying property. We're got going through the zoning, we're going to going through special use permitting. But frankly, you're going to see more of that adjacent to ongoing operations than you will from a greenfield perspective. And one reason I feel that way. Look, I think 4 years is a pretty heady time frame to think about a greenfield operation. I think a more realistic time frame is probably 7 to 10 years. And if we think about the difference in cash flow, getting a meaningful profit in buying a business today as opposed to greenfielding, we think that's a more constructive way to do it. The other thing to keep in mind is we're an awfully long way away from being anywhere near peak volumes in our business. So we're looking at reserves in the ground today that are nearly 70 years at current extraction rates. So our need to go out and put in greenfield locations is not terribly high. Our need in some instances, for example, in California and what we did in Colorado years ago in buying adjacent properties, bulking up what looks like a 30-year reserve position in California, it's something that's going to be a lot longer. We think that's a very sensible way to go through land purchase. And you heard me speak earlier in our CapEx number we're looking at some opportunistic land purchases. But I would expect us to do M&A, I would expect us to do within multiples that to us, and I believe to you, will look quite reasonable, and I would look for us not to do so much greenfielding but to be more focused in our heritage business and adding reserves to existing locations. 
C. Nye: I think the overall private offset is what we're more focused on. I think we believe the heavy side of non-res will continue to be attractive, Keith. I think we believe that we're going to see a continued build in public throughout the year with momentum going into next year. I think if we're seeing degrees of softness, and we are, it's going to be in the like non-res and the res. And of course, single-family res is about 2 to 3x more aggregates-intensive than multifamily is. So I think as we're just looking at it through those lenses with longer, higher interest rates. And frankly, degrees of share that we're properly giving up and have given up with respect to our value-over-volume philosophy. I think as we're looking at those things together, that leads us to the conclusion that I've offered to you relative to the organic overall volume on aggregates. 
C. Nye: Well, thanks for the question. So several things. One, if we're looking at ASP, really looking at it on mix adjusted, it was up like 8.7%. So I mean number one, that's a pretty good number, taking into account a lot of things happened in April. The other thing that I will tell you is we have not given up the goes on the prospect of a price increase in September as well. So no, we continue to see North Texas being very healthy. We continue to see the pricing environment there, very good. And keep in mind, we've got a big internal customer there of our own as well. And we treat our own business just like we treat other customers in that marketplace. So again, we feel like that's going to be pretty attractive. The other piece of it that fits together, and I think this is what we're saying as we look at it, Equally, if we look at ASPs in ready mix, I mean, they were up 9% versus the prior year quarter. So again, the ready-mix business, despite the fact that we had significant weather headwinds in the Southwest, we actually had nice weather or nicer weather in Arizona. And if we look at the overall gross profit for ready mix for the quarter, quarter-over-quarter, it was actually nicely up. And again, I read that through for you, Phil, because I think that's a good indicator of what's happening in cement as well. 
C. Nye: Brent, thank you for the question. I would say several things. One, I still think we're in relatively early innings in California. I mean that's still a business that if we look at the overall average selling price, it's below our corporate average. You can't say that about many things in California. So I think that's a piece of it. I think the other thing that we're focused on is continuing to grow our business in aggregates in that state. And I think as we continue to do that, that business will mature. That business will become more profitable. Our team will become more seasoned. And that business from the perspective of what does it look like from a percentage of profit look like -- it looks like a lot of the rest of Martin Marietta. So I would think we're in relatively early innings there. If we think about the Frei business and the Blue Water businesses, yes look, I mean, they're clearly below a Martin Marietta average. We're already talking obviously about mid-years in the Blue Water transactions. Those are also more home markets for us. I mean that's -- those are Southeastern markets and markets that we know well. I'm not sure what the rate and pace of those businesses will look like compared to California. But my guess is they will likely run in parallel, maybe modestly ahead. That would be the way I would think about it, Brent. 
C. Nye: Yes, I would say several things about it. Number one, there was a really good piece in the Wall Street Journal about 10 days ago, talking about how prolific these data centers will be and talking to a degree about what some of the roadblocks we've had in getting them in and they're multifold. One is land. I mean what's available to is degrees of energy. And I think one reason we feel particularly good about that is the presence that we have in the central part of the United States. So as I'm sitting here today, there are 4 data centers under construction today in Eastern Nebraska and Western Iowa. I mean that -- and those are actually really important markets for us. So again, as we're looking at the long-term secular e-commerce, cloud, AI trends but importantly, the where on that, I think that's where we get to advantage Martin Marietta because are we going to have more of that in the Southeast? Yes. Is land use going to be a bit more complicated here? Yes. Will they need more in Texas and the Southwest? Yes. And will land use people, water, et cetera, be a bit more complicated? Yes. But again, as we're looking in the Central United States today, where we have a very significant presence and a very attractive business, I think, in the near term, meaning '24, part of early '25. I think that's where we'll see it. And I think that's going to be our differentiator. 
C. Nye: I guess one thing that I would say is, frankly, I think our products have been underpriced for a long time. And there's no heavy side building activity that takes place without our product. And we're 10% of the cost of building a road. We're 2% of the cost of building a home and some part between those 2 numbers on a non-res project. but we're also mining and putting something on the ground that takes a lot of skill to do it well and to do it safely. And from our perspective, making sure we're getting good value for the product is really important. And if you look at the quarter that just ended, if ever there was a quarter that revealed why value over volume is so important, this has been it, right? I mean you're looking at ASPs up over 12%, you're looking at volume down 12%. But here's what you and I know. The pricing is going to stick and the volume is going to come back. And when those 2 things happen, what you have is a margin expansion show that's really quite impressive. So if we look at the overall difficulties of doing our business, the overall difficulties of getting into our business and the degree of work that we have to go through to put a quality specification product on the ground safely. I think talking to our teams about value is an important conversation for us to have. And from a customer perspective, what we've largely seen is if they have enough time to work those numbers into their bid, it tends to work relatively well from their perspective as well. So look, as we've said before, I think if we're in a world that we're looking at pricing the way it was looked at in our company here 4 or 5 years ago, going forward, something has gone wrong at that point. I just -- I believe we're in a different period of time, a different economic cycle and a different way of thinking about value of our product in the ground and in the stockpile. 
C. Nye: Yes. Good question, Timna. Look, I don't look at that and think of that as being anywhere outside of a normal fairway on what you'd expect on that type of a large commercial project in that type of space. So do I think that's pretty consistent with degrees of other large warehousing? Yes, I think it probably is because if you think about it, Timna, several things are happening. One, they're doing the normal site work that's going to take a good dealer base. At some point, they're putting in the floors that would typically be concrete. At some point, too, they're going to build the walls. And keep in mind, this isn't typically an exercise in aesthetics. In other words, it's not going to be brick. It's not going to be other things that are painted for beauty. In large measure, although I'm not saying there's not beauty in concrete walls. In large measure, these will be concrete tilt-up walls. And then the last piece of it, it goes back to some of the conversation I had earlier, Oftentimes, you'll see TPO roofing on these. And I referenced relative to the question on a read-through in Mag, was there anything that could pull through, I think this is an example of that. So no, 800,000 tons isn't unusual. Two, I think it's about in the middle of the fairway. Three, that what the typical build looks like at one of these. And as you know, for us, in many respects, it's all about location. And the point I was referencing there in particular, we're the largest underground miner in aggregates in the United States. And when we get in the central part of the United States, in particular, we're able to use our underground mine locations to actually be closer to market centers than we would be able to if we were mining in open pit locations. And what that means is this, for somebody that we're talking about is one that is literally almost above us. So from a proximity perspective, Timna, that actually works very well. 
C. Nye: Thank you all for joining today's earnings conference call. In summary, we believe our commitment to world-class safety, commercial and operational excellence and sustainable business practices position us to provide compelling results for the foreseeable future. Thanks to our best-in-class teams, a differentiated business model, well-defined strategic plan and unrivaled growth opportunities, Martin Marietta is well positioned to continue driving sustainable growth and superior shareholder value as we build and maintain the world's safest, best-performing and most durable aggregates-led public company. We look forward to sharing our second quarter 2024 results in the summer. As always, we're available for any follow-up questions. Thank you again for your time and continued support of Martin Marietta. 
