Melvin G. Brekhus: All right. Thank you, Ward. Before I get into my prepared remarks, I want to thank Ward and his team for all the hard work that they've done. But more importantly, the collaborative work that they've done that has helped us bring this potential merger together. And we will continue to operate collaboratively and enthusiastically to see this merger through. But if you will please look at Slide 9. You will see the strategic evolution that we have taken at TXI to position the company as a leader in our markets. Since 2001, Texas Industries has expanded its operations and grown by, among other things, investing over $1 billion in cement plant modernization and capacity expansion ahead of increased demand and more stringent regulations. We have replaced 2.3 million tons of older, less efficient clinker capacity and increased clinker capacity by approximately 3.5 million tons. We've made these strategic investments in order to further enhance our reputation as a low-cost producer with state-of-the-art facilities and to get us to where we are today. We believe this combination with Martin Marietta represents another step forward for Texas Industries, as we seek to continuously improve our business and maximize value for our shareholders. If you'd please turn to Slide 9. As one entity, Martin Marietta and Texas Industries will benefit from increased scale and scope, a more diversified portfolio of products and significant exposure to the attractive aggregates business. We've long admired Martin Marietta's success and strong execution track record and we believe the combination provides opportunities for significant value creation. As Slide 9 further outlines, this stock-for-stock transaction will provide our shareholders with a tax-free exchange and allow them to participate in the significant upside potential of the combined company, including the synergies that have been identified. Additionally, by being part of a larger organization, the combined company will have greater financial flexibility and a stronger balance sheet, allowing us to provide meaningful dividends to Texas Industries shareholders and deliver a solid platform for sustainable growth. Texas Industries' board ran a thorough and robust process, evaluated available options and concluded that the combination with Martin Marietta fulfilled our goals. We are confident that this is the best outcome for our stakeholders, including our employees, our customers, our vendors and, of course, our shareholders. I am very proud of what we have done here at Texas Industries. As we look forward to this combination, I want to thank all of our employees for their contributions that have made this announcement possible. As I opened my remarks, I once again say, I look forward to working together with Ward and the rest of Martin Marietta management team to support this combination and to ensure a successful integration. I believe the next chapter of our company will be a great one. Thank you, Ward, and I'll turn it back to you.
Melvin G. Brekhus: Yes, Kathryn, I would echo what Ward said. And I want you to understand and others to understand that, from our perspective, with this stock-for-stock tax-free transaction, we get a very fair value for what we have built over time and especially the last 10 or 12 years. But more importantly, our shareholders get an opportunity to share in a value enhancement that will occur as we move forward. And that's really exciting to me and to our board and, I hope, to our shareholders.
Melvin G. Brekhus: Yes, we -- things haven't really changed since our last teleconference regarding that, Jerry. We have price increases that are occurring in Texas as we speak and more that will occur in April. We have price increases in California that are going into effect also in this first quarter of the calendar year. But more importantly, price increases that will occur in the April, May range. The business that we have under contract, as I explained in the last teleconference, is primarily the business that we have as a result of the tremendous amount of public works in -- ongoing in Texas. And I also would add that, that business, while it is under contract, the vast majority of that work does have escalators in it. And the other portion of the business that is under contract, if you will, is not longer than 12 months. And we also have the option to not ship that product if we choose not to. But we are choosing to ship it. But it's not going into our core market. So we aren't handcuffed by pricing. So long answer, Jerry, and sorry for it being so long, but pricing trends in Texas and California are positive.
Melvin G. Brekhus: It's about $8 in Texas. I think I'm pretty sure I'm right on this. About $8 in Texas and $5 in California.
Melvin G. Brekhus: Well, we've delivered on the major capacity additions and that -- the combined Martin Marietta and TXI assets will certainly benefit from that. There's always the potential for incremental tons in the cement business. We have, as someone pointed out earlier, really only one significant opportunity and that's to make some modifications at the Midlothian plant, to add some capacity. But as Ward and I have discussed, that capital would be spent if we can get the return on it, if the market calls for it. And only under those conditions would we be spending that capital. And it's not significant compared to the $400 million plus capital we spend when we build a greenfield cement plant. So most of the spending is behind us.
C. Howard Nye: Anne, thanks for that. Looking ahead to full year 2014, we continue to be encouraged by positive trends in our business end markets, especially the private-sector employment and construction. We anticipate growth across the nonresidential, residential and public sector and ChemRock and Rail end markets in 2014, as highlighted in our Q4 2013 earnings press release. Cumulatively, we expect aggregates product line shipments to increase 4% to 5% compared with 2013. We also expect aggregates product line pricing to increase 3% to 5% over 2013, although this increase will not be uniform across the company. Aggregates product line direct production cost per ton are expected to decrease slightly compared with 2013. Net sales for the Specialty Product segment should range from $225 million to $235 million, generating $85 million to $90 million of gross profit. To conclude, we are encouraged by numerous macroeconomic indicators of increased construction activity for 2014. We believe the private sector will continue the strong growth noted in 2013, which should lead to increased public-sector activity. Additionally, we expect the trend of increased state-level funding of key projects to continue during the period of federal funding uncertainty. We're well positioned to serve these opportunities, to build on our momentum and enhance long-term value for our shareholders. Before taking your questions, let's quickly discuss the map to completing this compelling transaction on 28. Moving forward, we'll file the appropriate materials with the SEC and work cooperatively to receive the requisite rules to file definitive materials and schedule the shareholder votes. As mentioned earlier, both Martin Marietta and Texas Industries will seek shareholder approval, and we've already received voting agreements from Texas Industries' 2 largest shareholders, constituting 51% of shares outstanding. Along the way, we'll work to obtain customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions necessary to complete the combination. Throughout the process, we'll also do our best to ensure a smooth transition for our stakeholders and it will be business as usual for all Martin Marietta and Texas Industries customers. Moving to Slide 29. I want to conclude our call by reiterating how truly excited we are about this value-creating strategic combination, which we strongly believe is in the best interest of all Martin Marietta and Texas Industries stakeholders. The combined company will provide significant shareholder value, benefit our talented employees and lead to enhanced offerings for our customers. We look forward to becoming a market-leading supplier of aggregates, cement and heavy building materials with a nationwide scale and enhanced geographic and product diversity and to capitalizing on this unique opportunity to create value for both sets of shareholders. Thank you, all, again for joining us today to discuss this announcement. We look forward to working with the Texas Industries team to complete the combination. I'll now turn it back over to Laurie to open it up for questions.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, I'm not sure there's going to be a huge mix issue relative to next year. I think a lot of it's going to be dependent on how much new construction you see on the infrastructure or on the commercial side. What I would tell you is the more construction we see on commercial, the better. Because that tends to be a higher-priced market area for us. But new construction will take more base and that can be your swing factor relative to mix.
C. Howard Nye: We are interested in markets that we think are going to be attractive near term and long term. And I'll tell you, somebody commented to me one time that they thought Texas was going to be one of the great countries to do business in over the next 20 years and we think that's entirely right. And we think combining these businesses and having that type of leading position in a state and in a geography that we think is going to be extremely exciting is the right way forward. So what we're looking for in this, Chris, is just what you would imagine. We're looking to build value.
C. Howard Nye: That's fine, Arnie. What I'll tell you this is an aggregate-centric company. Let there be no mistake about that. What we've talked about is market positions where we're 1 or 2, and market positions where we feel like we need to be positioned for continuing growth. And if we're looking at a market like Texas, we felt like this was an important structure for us to have in that market. But if you come back and take a look at the pro forma business, it is still a very aggregate-centric business and I expect it will continue to be that and grow. Keep in mind, it's an aggregate-centric business with the Eastern U.S. and the Southeast business still down. So as we continue to see places like North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia go through recovery, what you're going to see from a percentage of earnings perspective will continue to be an aggregates-driven business.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, you will clearly see margin growth in this business as we see aggregate volume come back to the business. You can take a look at what we put up for the quarter. And part of what I'm concerned about is a spectacular fourth quarter is going to be lost somewhere in this news of a spectacular transaction, as well. When you look at the 69% that we put to the bottom line in the quarter that tells you what we're doing in a period of time that, frankly, we didn't get a lot of volume help. We've got some pricing help. But we did get some help from other parts of the country. Again, Southeast, North Carolina, in particular, that really helped drive that business, Arnie. So if we can put that type of incremental margin up in a flat-volume environment, you can imagine what's going to happen when the volume hits, and the volume's coming.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, it made good sense for us from a Martin Marietta perspective. It keeps our balance sheet in good shape. As you can see, we delevered through this in a very attractive way. I'll let Mel respond from his shareholders' perspective in a moment, but I think the tax-free nature of the deal makes a lot of sense. The other thing that it does, Kathryn, is it keeps this combined entity in a very attractive place to continue to look to grow strategically and do bolt-on acquisitions. Again, you know what our long-term strategic plan has been. And this is exactly what we're doing. What we're announcing today is consistent with what we've been talking about since 2010, when we pulled our strategic plan together. But, Mel, I'll let you take the other half of that, if you will.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, I won't speak necessarily to definitive time tables but I'll tell you what I said to you before, depending on where we are from a leverage perspective and otherwise. Look, we like Martin Marietta a lot. We know what we're getting when we buy that business as well. But if we have the opportunity to go and do some very sensible bolt-on acquisitions that will make sense for this business, not just 1 or 2 years but truly generationally, that's the type of value that we're going to be aiming for, Kathryn.
C. Howard Nye: Really, our Western expansion efforts are consistent what we've done in the East, Kathryn, and that is we're looking for leading positions. And what we're doing with this transaction in Texas is truly putting a stake in the ground on a wholly leading position in a host of different markets, including where we sit in Dallas/Fort Worth and giving us a nice entry to Austin, as well. I think you've actually been out and seen those Denver operations. We took down a formidable presence along the front range and what this does for us in California, honestly, it gives us optionality. That's the primary principle that I would outline to you. We have optionality in California on growing that business or doing other things with that business as well. And we're going to have our eyes wide open. The primary thing that we want to do, Kathryn, is build value for shareholders and we believe we can do that. I think we've done it very effectively in Colorado. I know we'll do it effectively in Texas and we're going to see exactly how we want to go ahead and move forward with a number of very attractive options in California.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, I'm not going to lay out all the different cards that spell out what our strategic options are, but there are many. And we are -- we like to think we're creative people and I'm confident we will find a good solution one way or the other with California.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, obviously, I think you could take a look at those Texas markets and California and probably get a better feel for that. We're in a funny place right now because, I think, coming out and giving specifics on TXI business, is really not where I need to be as we're sitting here at this moment. But I think if you go back and take a look at what's happened this past year in DFW, what's anticipated with heavy highway work there, what's going on with population demographics in DFW and what appears to be a very strong return in California, I think directionally, all those markets look very, very attractive. And I did say in my prepared remarks that you're looking at a market that many are anticipating will be sold out from a cement perspective. So I'm not trying to be clever on it, Trey. I just -- from that perspective, I'm happy to talk specifically about Martin Marietta but talk about trends relative to TXI. And the trends for both are outstanding.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, again, that's going into some specific asset that Mel and his team still have responsibility for. The one thing I'll tell you, as you think about that market and I alluded to it in my comments, don't forget our long-haul network, Trey, and how important that can be when you tie it back into those cement assets. Again, we're the #1 mover of stone on both BN and UP. And having that type of rail access and a more robust distribution network in Texas, we think really makes that combination awfully exciting.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, Garik, that's something in the fullness of time I'm happy to give you much more detail on. But obviously, if you take a look at where our aggregates position is going to be in the DFW market or otherwise, it's going to be very attractive and you'll like the numbers.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, we obviously look at that issue very, very carefully. We understand the market well. We understand the HSR process well. If we thought there was a serious issue there, we wouldn't be doing what we're doing here this morning.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, as we look at it, we just don't see any material HSR issues and we feel very confident, Garik.
C. Howard Nye: Adam, I'm sorry. Adam, my comment would be that the aim isn't about being the biggest. The aim is about being the absolute best. And what I believe is having these market positions in Texas and California and then using the optionality that we have in California to drive our business, if we need to, in other directions, we think it's really very powerful. I'm not sure that I would rank any of those in any particular order. Again, we have a lot of conviction around the synergies. When you put a multiple to those synergies, it's pretty powerful. And part of what I think we'll be doing, too, is seeing what else we can do with this business once we get it. I think the distribution network is going to be incredibly important to the Aggregates business, as well as to the cement business. And from where we sit, we think there's incredible value that's being built here. And again, my aim is to build the finest aggregates company in the world. If it happens to be one of the biggest, that's great, too. But we're about shareholders.
C. Howard Nye: Obviously, we've got a very seasoned team in Texas, as does Mel. And what we're going to do is go through exactly what you would anticipate. We're going to have a best-athlete approach. We're going to make sure that we have the finest talent that's deployed in that business. We're going to take what we feel like is going to be a market-leadership position in the state of Texas and look to drive value from it. And the nice thing is when you [indiscernible] you'll see from both sides of this, we have a problem of riches from that perspective, and that's a nice place to be.
C. Howard Nye: It's hard to see why it would be meaningfully different. We're picking up nearly 800 million tons of aggregates in Texas and Oklahoma in this transaction. So when you look at what it does to our reserve base, it's putting us nicely over 13 billion tons. And 13 billion tons of permitted reserves in the United States feels awfully good where I'm sitting.
C. Howard Nye: We'll certainly talk about the aggregates market in North Texas, and what we'll say is there's obviously a great deal of infrastructure work there. And as I indicated before, the population dynamics in North Texas continue to be some the most attractive in the United States. There's a Wall Street Journal article, I guess, last week, outlining the top 10 housing growth markets in the United States. I want to say that Houston was #1 on that list. I think DFW was #3 on that list. As you recall, Todd, DFW really lagged the rest of Texas in the recovery because you had simply more energy activity in South Texas, Houston and parts of San Antonio than you did at DFW. So from where we're sitting looking at DFW right now, we love the infrastructure work, we like what's going on in res, we like what's going on in nonres, and we think that's going to be incredibly attractive going forward. And coming back and looking at the market, it's a dynamic market. And we'll just leave it at that.
C. Howard Nye: Laurie, thank you very much for turning it back to us. Couple of observations. One, we feel like this is an incredibly exciting time for Martin Marietta Materials and for Texas Industries. We think this combination is going to build considerable shareholder value in the near and long term . And I would ask you, please, to don't forget about what I think are some pretty special earnings for the Q4 this year. And I want to make sure that I give some real thanks to our team who helped make that possible. Thank you, all, very much for your time today. We look forward to speaking with a lot of you very soon, I'm sure. And we'll talk to you again when we're done with Q1 and this year. Thanks so much.
Anne H. Lloyd: That's correct. Our run rate multiple is inside of 8x within 24 months of closing, assuming that we deliver on the synergies, utilize NOLs and then maximize the value of the real estate.
Anne H. Lloyd: Trey, once again, I think it's a little early to be giving guidance in that regard. But as I indicated in our opening remarks, we think the NOL value is over $400 million. That would be recognized over the next few years. And obviously, we gave you some indications that we believe that was in -- inside 24 months that we're trading at 8x -- or that the deal would be valued at about an 8x multiple. So that should give you some insight.
Anne H. Lloyd: So you have, as we indicated, we had a run rate synergies about $28 million through the end of 2014. We do expect the refi will drive a substantial portion of the savings on top of the synergies. And that is -- also, it excludes the one-time cost as you would imagine.
Anne H. Lloyd: We've taken a look at that, as you would imagine, Adam, and believe that we'll be able to realize the value over the next few years.
Anne H. Lloyd: Ted, as we indicated in the opening comments, we believe that our actual return on invested capital will actually grow at a faster trajectory as a result of the combination. The ability to deliver against the synergies, the ability to realize the net operating losses, the ability to generate value from excess real estate, all of those factors just compose -- be part of that return consideration. And also, as Mel just indicated, TXI has made significant investment in capital that, really, it's time to get out and let's let the market harvest that return.
Anne H. Lloyd: That's probably a fair way to look at it. But in all candor, Jack, that's probably not appropriate for us to speculate on that right now. We'll continue to look at that and refine it as we move closer to a closing.
Anne H. Lloyd: After this, we think we'll be able to utilize over $400 million in NOLs on a pretax basis over the next few years.
Anne H. Lloyd: No, we've done an evaluation of the potential limitations as built into our understanding of the realization pattern that we believe we'll have on those net operating losses. And obviously, any time you generate taxable gains, you can also typically offset those with operating losses if you follow all the rules and regulations.
