Ward Nye: Thanks Jim. Looking ahead to the remainder of the year and into 2023, demand from expanded federal and state level infrastructure investment coupled with heavy industrial projects of scale, are expected to offset near-term affordability driven headwinds in the historically under build residential sector. Importantly, we have both the ability and capacity to supply these needed products and supported by our locally led pricing strategy will do so in a manner that emphasizes value over volume. As we enter the fourth quarter, aggregates customer backlogs are ahead of prior year levels, with supply chain challenges continuing to serve as the primary governor, the growth of product shipments. In the third quarter, infrastructure shipments accounted for 36% of total volumes, in the current period of broader economic uncertainty, one constant theme across our footprint is that infrastructure. Our single largest end used market is poised for accelerated growth as already healthy state Department of Transportation, or DOT budgets receive incremental funding from the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act or IIJA through the allocation for the 2023 fiscal year, most of which began on July 1. Notably, for the first eight months of the year, Federal aid highway construction obligations for the company's top 10 states are up 28% relative to the prior year period. As a result, we expect a step change in the public sector investment in 2023 to provide a stable base level of demand for years to come. Aggregate shipments for nonresidential end market accounted for 35% of total third quarter volumes. Nonresidential construction project backlogs remain strong in our markets led in large measure by heavy side energy, critical product manufacturing and data center projects of scale. The announcements of these projects are accelerating, driven by a post pandemic shift in global energy and manufacturing supply chains as well as data usage from adoption of digital and cloud-based services. Illustrative projects in our markets include Golden Pass LNG, and CPChem’s plastic facility along the Texas Gulf Coast. Samsung's semiconductor operation in Austin, the Taiwan Semiconductor campus near Phoenix, Stellantis, Samsung joint venture lithium-ion battery plant near Indianapolis, both VinFast electric vehicle and Wolfspeed plan chip manufacturing site near Raleigh, Durham, and metadata centers in Kansas City and Des Moines. While we continue to see recovery in pandemic impacted like commercial, retail and hospitality sectors, we expect this recovery will moderate as these categories generally follows single family residential development. Not surprisingly, the residential end market, which accounts for 23% of our total third quarter shipments began to slow down in the third quarter as organic shipments of the sector decreased 3% following the decline in single family housing starts, which was partially offset by continued strength in multifamily construction. That said, housing across our Sunbelt footprint remains under built amid significant population inflows with demand far exceeding supply. As shown in our supplemental slides, single family housing starts per capita in our key metro areas remains significantly and to varying degrees below peak 2005 levels. As such, we continue to expect the current affordability driven single family housing slowdown to be moderate in our key metropolitan areas, as home prices and borrowing rates find equilibrium. As we look to 2023, our preliminary view anticipates aggregate shipments to be effectively flat. As we expect increased infrastructure investment, coupled with robust activity from heavy nonresidential projects of scale will largely insulate product shipments from a slowdown in the single-family residential sector. We remain confident that favorable commercial dynamics underpinned by our value over volume pricing strategy will continue to be supported by attractive 2022 exit rates, as well as realization of our announced January 1, 2023 price increases. Together, we expect this will drive low double-digit growth in aggregates pricing in 2023. To conclude, we're proud of our record setting performance against a challenging backdrop. We expect our current momentum to accelerate in the fourth quarter, and in 2023, resulting in a return to margin expansion. We remain committed to employee health and safety, commercial and operational excellence, sustainable business practices, and the execution of our strategic plan. In doing so, we're confident in our ability to successfully navigate the current macro-economic challenges are demonstrating the resiliency of our proven aggregates led business model. If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we'll turn our attention to addressing your questions.
Ward Nye: Good morning, Stanley. Thank you for the question. I guess several things, one, not all states are going to be created equal. And part of what we've been focused on is building our business in the right states. So if we look at our top 10 states, overall, we're seeing basically budgets for next year that are up around 10%. And that can move around a lot. So for example, North Carolina, our home state here up 11%, Florida, up 27%, South Carolina important state for us up 28%. Part of what we're seeing too is not just increased funding, but in many respects, Stanley, the way that states are looking at funding. So for example, in North Carolina 2% of sales tax in FY23 will find their way to infrastructure, that's going to work its way up to 4% than 6% over a multi-year period. At the same time, even reflecting on Florida, Florida recently passed in their FY23 budget, basically a historic high. And they're looking at $4.4 billion for highway construction and another $1.2 billion just for resurfacing. And then if we're looking at Texas, which is our largest state by revenue, their 10-year unified transportation program is $85 billion worth of projects, to try to contextualize that that's a 13% increase from the ‘22 plan. So the nice thing is when you sit back and look at what we're going to have, from a baseline from IIJA, which is going to be the single largest pop we've seen since the Interstate Highway Act went into law in 1956. And then you feather on top of that very healthy state budgets. It's a pretty attractive backdrop. It's important to see to Stanley, I think, to your question, if we're looking at those same top 10 states in contract awards here today, they're up around 13%. But importantly, to us, we're looking at federal aid, highway construction obligations, year-to-date. Those are also up 28%. So as we think about what public is going to look like for us next year, on the federal side, plus to your question on the state piece of it. We think that's attractive, and it starts leading us back towards volume on public that looks more like history, in the low 40% of our volume, as opposed to what you heard me speak to just moments ago, which was in the high 30s. So, Stanley, I hope that helps.
Ward Nye: Kathryn, thank you for the question. Look, as we look at customer backlogs compared to where we were last year, this time. In aggregates they're actually nicely up about 7%. If we look in ready-mixed, they're also up. If we look in cement it's broadly flat. And we're expecting actually to pick up some nice work in Q4. And keep in mind and cement, we're dealing with the market in Texas that is uniquely largely sold out. So if we're looking at backlogs today for customers versus where we were a year ago, it's actually pretty attractive. I think the other piece of your question that's so important, Kathryn, as we think about ‘23, our view is clearly public is going to be healthier, as we think about ‘23, the heavy side of nonres, and we look at that through projects that are in the process of being led. We also look at projects and square footage that's out there in particular, we're seeing the heavy side of nonres manufacturing, energy, et cetera being very attractive the markets in which we're operating. Do we think we're likely to see some degree of moderation in the light nonres? Probably so. Do I think the US is going to see a degree of cooling in single family housing, we already have, I think that persists. But I think if we look at multi residential housing, that's going to be really resilient, we're probably going to see a nice pop, and that. So as we step back and look at backlogs, and think about end users, public appears to be quite healthy, nonres on the heavy side is quite healthy. Multifamily res is healthy, and we think single family residential, and the light side of non is where we're likely to see varying degrees of weakness. Now one of the things that we've been careful to do, and you see it in our supplemental slides, we've tried to spell out with specificity certain key MSAs, four of them in the West, four of them in the East, that we think are indicative of what's happened to population in our key MSAs. And what's happened to housing. I think an analysis of that will reveal to the extent that the US feels some degree of headwinds on housing, ours will not be as pronounced. So Kathryn, I've tried to deal with both the public and the private side to give you some good data points on why we have the degree of resilience we do around relatively flat volumes going into 2023.
Ward Nye: Look, it's been, thank you for the Trey, for the question, Trey. It's been a good year for pricing. And for Texas summit this year. We anticipate that's going to recur next year. I mean, if we look at ASP for the quarter, it was up 21.4% on a reported basis, 20.6% on a mix adjusted basis. What that's done to your point in cement is basically led to a new all-time record for gross product. And you can see gross margins that are above 40%. If we think about the Texas cement market, here's some things to remember, I think this gives you a good build on why we have resilience, around a $20 per ton increase effective January 1. That's a market that's going to consume around 20 million ton of cement per annum. But it's a market that has a capacity to produce it in the state of Texas at about 16 million tons. In other words, that goes back to my commentary in the prepared remarks that the markets effectively sold out. So keep in mind we've got two plants, one in Midlothian, one at Hunter, so we're in Central and North Texas, frankly where water imports are not particularly meaningful to what we're doing. So I wouldn't say all of that underscores why we have resilience around the pricing. The other piece of it that I think is important, and I think it likely recurs is I'm not going to lead you to believe that we have enormous amounts of material going to basically oil well cement. But there is some going to West Texas, those are actually a much higher ASPs than you'd see ordinarily. And I think reflecting back on the geopolitical tensions that I mentioned in the prepared remarks. It's hard to imagine that that piece of our business is going to slow. The other things that I think are important to keep in mind, Trey. One, we're also seeing a conversion, as Jim said in his comments to the Type 1L cement. In that process, we'll actually get about 10% more capacity as we go into next year. And then it won't be immediate next year, but you will see more capacity come online as we finish mill that's underway at Midlothian right now. That's going to add another 450,000 tons to that marketplace that actually desperately needs it. So again, $20 a ton is what we're looking for. I think that answers your question specifically. But again, I wanted to give you some other data to give you a sense of why we have a high degree of confidence in that number.
Ward Nye: Sure, Jerry. Thank you for the question. So a couple of things. Your question, which I think is a really good one, really focuses on margin and what we think happens with volumes. So several things that I would point out. One, if you look at what we're saying for the balance of the year, we're actually anticipating margin expansion returning in Q4. So what that means is multiple price increases in a big heavy industry are actually finally catching up and passing what have been the cost inputs. We also expect that to recur going into next year. Now to your point, what happens if you see volume more bearish than we anticipate volume being next year. What I would do is I'd take you back, and it's been a while, Jerry, this might have before you were actually following us, but if we go back to 2005, 2006 and '07, what you'll actually see if you look at history, is the industry generally, Martin Marietta specifically, was finding peak volumes back in 2005, but we're actually seeing peak profitability in that last cycle in 2006, which underscores in many respects why we speak to this volume -- this value over volume strategy because we recognize how valuable that is to our business. The other thing that I'll outline, Jerry, because you've seen it, and I think it's probably echoed in some of your writings as well. The pricing in aggregates tends to be a very durable set of pricing. So as we go through cycles inevitably in the fullness of time, and I'm not sure if next year is going to be a down cycle or not, we don't think it will be right now because of the strength in public. We have a lot of confidence around the resiliency of the aggregate pricing. So as we think about what is likely to happen in margins in Q4, we think they expand. If we look at what we think is likely to happen to margins in '23. Again, we think they likely expand. So hopefully, that answers your question and maybe 10% more, Jerry.
Ward Nye: Look, I think you're going to start through the inflection as we get closer toward half year next year, in particular. Keep in mind, it's always interesting to me, people want to look at Q1 and try to divine some degree of rhythm or cadence out of Q1. And remember, in our world, Q1 is January, February and March. And what I've long said is oftentimes Q1 is made or broken by the last two weeks in March, which is no way to really judge the rest of the year. I think going back to the percentages that I spoke to a little while ago and infrastructure gives you a good sense of what that rhythm and cadence can look like through the balance of the year, I think part of what we're going to be seeing, and I think this is important, Phil, is in infrastructure, we're going to be seeing more capacity type projects led than we've seen in the more recent past. That's important because you're going to send out a much wider array of volumes and more volumes over a period of years. So I would reflect on that. The other thing that I would say in particular, and a lot of this is driven by energy and manufacturing. If we look on the nonres side, what we're seeing, and I mentioned it before, the square footage on a number of these plants, not just in Texas but beyond that, even on some of the new opportunities that we're seeing in the Carolinas and in the central part of the United States, have considerable square footage. These tend to be almost concrete warehousing. And then the other thing that we are seeing is we are seeing estimated start dates now on all of the large LNG or energy plants that we've been looking at in South Texas, all with 2023 start dates and we think that's important as well because when we look at those projects all by themselves and again, I'm talking about six different projects in South Texas, the cumulative yardage and tons from those are 13.7 million tons and about 1.3 million cubic yards. So again, we feel like on those, it won't just be an aggregate or a concrete play for us and varying degrees, it can be a cement play as well. So I would certainly start looking to begin in Q2 to see those volumes ramp up. I think it will particularly be in public. I think you're going to see the heavy side of nonres on manufacturing and in energy actually do quite well. I do think areas like hospitality and others are likely going to slow. It will be curious to see how single-family housing goes in our markets. As I said, I don't think those are going to go off a cliff. I don't think there's room for them to go off a cliff because we're looking at seasonally adjusted starts right now below $900,000. And using a million is a good, steady start. And keep in mind, many of these markets, we are still -- it's not an affordability issue. It's an availability issue. So I think in many respects, it will be curious to see what homebuilders are willing to do relative to their margins. But from a timing perspective, Phil, that's the way I would think about it, and that's how I would handicap it via end users.
Ward Nye: I think the scope of some of those heavy projects are so large. I think the short answer is yes, it really can, particularly some of these large energy projects. So I think that's where you end up potentially with that nonres wash. I think that's probably a good word to use.
Ward Nye: Sure. Timna, thanks for the question. So a couple of things on Mag. I think we anticipate really more of the same from Mag in Q4. I think we actually expect a better year for Mag next year. A couple of things are driving that right now. Steel is run at about 77% of capacity, which is lower than it's been for a while. The chemical side of that business is actually performing quite well. That business has a number of commercial contracts that are rolling off at the end of this year. So as we think about the rhythm and cadence of what that's going to look like from a pricing perspective, next year is actually going to be much more attractive for that business. So that's how I think of that. If I think about the ready-mixed market, in particular, back to your comment relative to cement shortages, part of what that has done is just put ready-mixed players in a position that as they get towards the end of a week, if they don't have significant powder in some markets, they're not buying stone either. Look, I think the fact is cement in some markets could stay tight for a while. And I think that could have from a bit of a logistics perspective, a little bit of a headwind. That's certainly what we've seen this year. it's not a massive headwind to be fair, Timna. I think part of what's happening this year is cement tightness has been an issue. Trucking has been an issue. Rail has been an issue. And I think some of the transportation and logistics issues while still confronting the industry broadly, are getting modestly better. So as we think about those issues going into next year, I would actually anticipate more logistics tailwinds next year than we've seen this year, and then we'll have to see how cement plays out. And keep in mind, Timna, in our world, the only place we have cement, and again, it's very much by design, is the strategic cement position that we have in Texas, where we're the largest producer of aggregates cement and ready-mixed concrete. So I hope that addresses the Mag issue and your thoughts around powder for next year.
Ward Nye: Yes. Keith, thank you for the question. The primary thing that we're looking at as we look at Q4 is severalfold. One, what's the year-to-date look like, two last year, it's worth remembering that we actually had a winner that didn't roll in until very late in the year. So we had a Q4 that was unusually long. So what we're doing in large measure is assuming that a normal winter shows up. And if a normal winter shows up and then we go back and augment it to varying degree some of those items that we were just talking about with Timna, saying what happens with normal winter. What happens if logistics constraints concur or recur and what happens if cement continues to be tight. We're just looking at those things and trying to sort out what we think that could mean for the fourth quarter. And really, your swing factor as much as I hate to say it, is going to end up being winter. There are a number of markets that can be really weather affected that are actually quite good markets today. Among them, for example, Indianapolis is a very attractive market. Minneapolis St. Paul, we're seeing asphalt volumes in that market where we're an FOB provider higher than they were last year. And by the way, we thought last year was a pretty good year. So if we end up with colder weather in some of these markets that are relatively high performing, it does have no pun intended, but chilling effect on what the volumes can look like for the rest of the year, Keith. So that's how we're racking it up.
Ward Nye: No, look, I appreciate the question very much, David. I think cement as a general rule and cement in Texas as a specific rule are probably two different things. And I think part of what gives us such confidence in the Texas market overall is that it’s historically been the market place in which we've seen all the way through cycles, the single highest infrastructure percentage of our business. So when you're in Texas, you're riding on concrete roads and you're going across concrete bridges. And I think that's a really important component to remember when you think about what's happening in that marketplace. The other thing that we've spoken of, David, is really what the requirements are in that state, what the in-state production is in that state and where our plants are located. So if housing slowed to a degree, would that open up some powder, the answer is it probably would. Does that mean that people aren't going to be faced with tightness towards the end of the week and might be able to take more aggregates I think it probably does. So I do think Texas is a very different and it's an overused word, David, but I do think cement in Texas is relatively unique. The other thing that I'll point out that I think has been a big help for us as we've looked at our business over time is the fact is as we look at our reliability and as we look overall at the utilization, of our plants in Texas. They continue on a year-over-year basis to get better. So we're finding ourselves in a position in a market that's very tight that making the shift to Type 1L is going to add capacity, adding the new finish mill at Midlothian is going to add capacity. And the fact is, we're a better cement company now than we were last year, and we're going to be better next year than we are this year. So I think there are a number of components to it. But I do think the commercial aspects of it will continue to be very attractive and right now we've got a lot of resilience around what we're anticipating for 2023 in cement.
Ward Nye: Brent, thank you for the question. I think that's such an important one as we go through cycles because our capital priorities are changing. And part of what I find really compelling about Martin Marietta is the ability of this company after having done the most significant cash outlays in its history in M&A last year to be de-levered exactly the way that we anticipated we would be by the end of this year. Now if we think about M&A more broadly, here's what I'll say. A lot of potential deals have come through our funnel in the last 18 months. And what we're trying to be is what you would expect. And that is very disciplined in what we're looking at. We're looking at a number of different potential transactions today. They tend to be almost exclusively. It's not tended to be, they're almost exclusively aggregates-based deals. And those are the types of transactions that we're most interested in. You hear the way that we speak of our business, aggregates-led, strategic cement, targeted downstream. So to the extent that we can continue to grow our aggregates-led business, that's what we're going to want to do. part of what's different now, though, as we think about it, Brent, is our footprint is different. So we have the ability to look in markets that we could not have looked in before to do bolt-on. And the reason that I called that out is bolt-on, if you think about them from a risk allocation perspective are actually very low because you've got operating people in that market, you've got commercial people in that market. Integration can broadly occur over the course of a weekend, and the execution risk is really quite low. So do we continue to look at M&A? The answer is yes. Do I hope that we'll have some things to talk to you about late this year or early next year? I hope so. There are certainly no guarantees on that, but the aim is that we will continue to do that, and you should look for it to continue to be aggregates led. So I hope that's responsive.
Ward Nye: Yes. Good to hear your voice, and thanks for the question. I'm going to take part two and ask Jim to come back and deal with part one. So part two, we're not seeing significant cancellations on nonres projects. And frankly, that's not a big surprise to me. The only time in my career that I can remember that we saw that happen in notable ways was coming out of basically that 2005, 2006 where building was so robust and the fall was so precipitous that we saw nonres projects actually stopping or being canceled. As a general rule, they don't they tend to go through. So the short answer is we're not seeing that. The other part of your question is really the breakdown of what's heavy and non et cetera. So I'll turn that over to Jim.
Ward Nye: Those are great questions, Michael. So thank you for that. Do I think we're likely to see that type of a build on the public side? The short answer is, yes, I think we probably are. Do I think we're in a position and again, look, this is really ranked speculation so I don't want to get out there too far. I think we've got a good sense of what pricing will be in 2023. And of course, we tried to capture that in what we put out in our preliminary guidance. If we're right, and I believe that we are, that we obviously have a multi-year highway bill. If we're right, that the U.S. is far from overbuilt, if we're right that anything relative to housing will not be deep, it will not be long, and if we're right that the U.S. is going to have to look at higher degrees in particular manufacturing going forward, I think you could take a number of economic indicators in that vein and say that volumes should be relatively attractive on a broader base for an extended period of time. What we've seen relative to pricing, particularly in aggregates is aggregate pricing tends to be attractive even in a challenged volume environment. If we end up finding ourselves in a multiyear circumstance, that you could have flat next year up year after or however you want to fashion it, I do think that you could continue to see a very constructive pricing environment. Now obviously, that's not guidance. That's looking out farther than we would typically look at. Obviously, what we've given you so far is a preliminary view of 2023. But if I'm just taking what has been more years around this industry than on occasion, I'd like to admit, I think what I've just outlined for you would be consistent with broader history.
Ward Nye: You know what? In some markets, I wouldn't call it a weakness, I would see the slowdown. And I know that's parsing things a little bit. But overall, the reason that I don't say weakness is they're still in our markets such an acute need. And I think that's the fundamental difference that we're seeing today. So are we seeing a slowdown in large measure because of logistics constraints and otherwise? Yes. Are most of our markets, in my view, more affected today by lack of availability as opposed to affordability? I think that is the bigger issue, Adam. I'm not going to totally dismiss affordability in some circumstances. I mean, let's face it, as a practical matter, we've got a lot more people in the United States and we have interest rates trending up to things that would have looked relatively normal a decade plus ago. So we're going to have to see where that goes. But the short answer is yes, we are seeing some degree of a slowdown. Nothing that we think is dramatic. In fact, we think it's actually quite expected and what we're seeing more broadly. But I do think this is going to be a circumstance where very specific geographies will respond very differently, in particular on single-family housing.
Ward Nye: Dillon, thank you for the question. The short answer is yes, we are assuming for purposes of next year that they continue to be constrained. We're assuming that degrees of constraints have been relieved but not at all wholly relieved. And keep in mind, we're going to benefit and we're going to have a burden depending on how things work, particularly relative to rail. As rail gets better, we're the largest shipper of stone by rail in the United States. So we will be a disproportionate beneficiary as that circumstance is inevitably righted. At the same time, when it's struggling, we're going to feel it a bit more acutely, and that's where we've been over the last several quarters. So do we think it's going to be completely remedied next year? No. Do we think it's likely to be better? Yes. Do we see it getting better in the second half of this year than it was earlier? Yes. So that gives us a certain degree of resilience around our view on that next year. But that's how we're at least still and we're trying to frame that more broadly.
Ward Nye: Again, thank you all for joining today's earnings conference call. We continue to strive for safety, commercial and operational excellence, and remain focused on executing our strategic plan. Martin Marietta's track record of success throughout various business cycles and our ability to adapt to the various challenges inherent in the current macroeconomic environment proves the resiliency and durability of our aggregates-led business model. We're confident in Martin Marietta's prospects to continue driving attractive growth and enhance shareholder value now and into the future. We look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results with you in February. As always, we're available for any follow-up questions. Thank you again for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta. Bye-bye.
