C. Howard Nye: Kathryn, good morning. Thanks for your question, too. A couple of things on cement and concrete in particular. When we're talking about those two products, it's principally a Texas conversation. It's not wholly, because, clearly, we have a very attractive ready-mixed business in Colorado, but most of our cubic yards are in Texas. So, a couple of things. Were both of those businesses impacted by Harvey? Absolutely. Did weather interfere? It did. Did energy? And what was going on and not going on with diesel fuel also interfere with those businesses? No question. One thing, though, too, from a volume perspective that clearly affected the quarter – and, by the way, I'm going to be unapologetic about it, we are price leaders in that marketplace. Particularly in cement, we feel like we have a very viable product in, what I believe, is going to be the most dynamic building materials market in the United States, specifically around Dallas, for probably the next 25 years. And we have held the line on some pricing in that marketplace because we felt like that was simply the right thing to do for our business. If you go back and look at the Comptroller's report that obviously comes out every month, what you'll see is we did lose some market share in that marketplace because of it. I think if you typically look at that, you'll see it's a 22%, 23% market share in Texas. I think the latest number has us down to about 18%. So, clearly taking some leadership positions there caused us some volume. Do I anticipate that we'll see some of that going come back? I do. What I also tell you, we're going to be judicious in the way that we get it, absolutely we will. So, what I would say, Kathryn, with respect to both cement for the reasons that I've just articulated and frankly for many of the same reasons relative to ready-mixed, we saw volume headwinds because of weather, we also saw volume headwinds because of our approach to pricing in that marketplace.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. Absolutely, I can do that. I mean, asphalt, as you recall, is really a Denver-driven business for us. And we were hit with extremely wet weather in Colorado. We saw considerably less uptime for our crews in that particular marketplace than we did last year. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the market in Colorado at all. I mean, to give you a sense of it, Colorado Springs experienced the wettest July since 1948 when records were first recorded in that marketplace. So, if we look at the ready-mixed concrete business today – the hot-mix asphalt business today and what we think that will be for the rest of this year and frankly into next year, that has been and will continue to be a very attractive business. The balance of the year in that business for us in Colorado will be driven purely and simply by whatever happens with weather for the rest of the year. But I mean, as we get to this point of the year, literally, we lost 56 production shifts versus 25 in the prior-year quarter and all that's driven by weather. And you can effectively see that number nearly double quarter-over-quarter and not feel a modest headwind there, but there is nothing fundamentally at all that has changed from that very attractive business.
C. Howard Nye: We had two things. Number one, when we're talking about the West Group in many respects, Kathryn, we're talking about two things, what's happening in Colorado and what's happening in Texas. Let me talk about Colorado first. Because we've indicated over time, you should see ASPs going up there at a rate higher than the corporate average. And what we saw in Rocky Mountain was ASPs up 7%. So, what we anticipated happening in that marketplace is entirely what's happening in that marketplace. If we look at the South West division, the ASP was negatively impacted by about 120 basis points due to product mix and geographic mix. So, we clearly saw a shift from clean stone and sand to lower priced base stone in that marketplace. So that clearly provided a headwind. The only marketplace that we really saw any degree of red around pricing was in that South Texas area for all the reasons that you would imagine.
C. Howard Nye: No. Sure, happy to do that. Where we sit right now is exactly where we thought we would from a process perspective and that we're working together with U.S. DOJ and that's a very normal process. We did receive a second request, which we fully anticipated. We did enter into a timing commitment with DOJ. And the primary reason that you do that if you're us is, you want to give DOJ adequate time to review all the submitted information. What I'll tell you is, they have a lot of submitted information. We're very engaged with them as you would expect us to. What it essentially does is it puts in the position that we're not going to certify substantial compliance with the second request until we get to a point in time that we have agreed with DOJ. One of the issues that I'm sure they're concerned about is once we certify substantial compliance that puts some real deadlines on DOJ to come back and finish their work. What we'll tell you is, there's been nothing surprising in the second request whatsoever. We're focused only on a few areas. As you would imagine, the vast majority of our teams internally are focusing on integration plans. We anticipate as we said in today's release closing this in the first half of 2018. So this continues to go along the line that we anticipated that it would when we closed the transaction. I hope that's helpful and responsive to your question, Kathryn.
C. Howard Nye: What's interesting to me is, there are a lot of contractors who have not gone back and hired in a substantial way since the last downturn. But here's what's odd. Wage inflation hasn't gone wild and rampant through the construction sector. So you're still seeing really relatively modest wage inflation, which tells me if contractors want to pick that pace up, particularly if work is coming out of DOTs more quickly, they can have in many respects the ability to do that from a financial perspective. I think part of what we're seeing, and I tried to allude to it in our prepared remarks, is contractors are reasonably busy today. And if you think about many contractors across the United States, in fact most of them, they tend to be private closely-held companies. So you and I watch every quarter, but most of our contractor clients don't. They're watching a year. And they're looking at their backlogs. And right now many of them have very attractive backlogs. They have full visibility into next year, some of them even beyond next year. And they're feeling very peaceful with that. I think much of it's going to hang on, what can DOTs do? As you would imagine, we have a pretty healthy dialog with a series of DOTs across the United States, and even in places where we've seen gas taxes and other things go up, where clearly there will be more revenue. One of the needs that I consistently hear from DOTs is, we need more people here to help us put this work out. So it comes back to the notion that we described coming into the year, the need is there. The money is going to be there. And what's odd to me, Trey, is we're still seeing infrastructure in our business below that five-year average. And the day is going to come that we're going to see that pop above the five-year average. And it may be next year. But I do think those are some of the issues that are in the way. I think if we see some things come out of tax reform, and I haven't looked at it, but I do understand that the Republican proposal has hit the street today. If there's some infrastructure funding that likely comes from tax reform, could that put DOTs and contractors in a different place? I think it probably could. And I think if you have contractors in a different place, you can clearly see more public work. That would be my quick take, maybe not so quick.
C. Howard Nye: I think we said asphalt and paving was probably 55.5 shifts versus 25 shifts in the prior year. So that was really – we were trying to do a product line on that. So that's the way we measure it, Trey.
C. Howard Nye: Well, look, I think if you look at the pricing performance that we put up today, I think the pricing performance that we reported is probably industry leading, right now. I haven't seen anybody else come out with the type of pricing that we have. Again, these are valuable products. They are diminishing resources. They are hard to replace. And we're focused on value in these markets. Timna, what you've heard me say for years, and I think this metric continues to work, if you've got really subdued aggregates volume growth, say, less than 5%, then I think you can look back to more historic price increases in that 3% to 5%. But I think, equally, if you have aggregate growth above 5%, suddenly the linkage between average selling price growth and aggregate growth gets to be much tighter, usually with a modest lag on the ASP percentage growth as compared to the tonnage growth. Now, clearly, we have outperformed that this year, and we've outperformed that over the last several years. So, I'll leave that to your judgment on how to look at that going forward. But I continue to believe that as we look at these products, the pricing story is not something that I see being broadly shaken. I think there has clearly been efforts in some markets because of depleted volumes this year when people have made some, what I would say, are fairly aggressive moves to pick up some volume. We've tried to be very disciplined in our market view.
C. Howard Nye: I would look at a couple of things. One, if housing continues to stay good, I think that's going to give you some upside in large part, because housing contractors typically aren't buying big volumes. So, oftentimes, they're coming in buying it at near list price inquiries, so housing clearly helps. The other thing that would help is, if you simply saw more infrastructure activity, because if you see more infrastructure activity, you're going to be selling more DOT specification stone, the more DOT specification stone that you're selling, it should simply have a higher ASP associated with it, particularly if there's more concrete and ready-mixed work because you're selling a higher spec stone, more volume and it simply ends up being in many respects a higher priced product. Now, the other fact that you have to take into account, Timna, is, where are you in the construction cycle, because that's not necessarily true if it's brand new construction and you're selling more base product. But I do think if we're looking at where we sit in this cycle, would still public not performing the way that people have expected it to, but still a great expectation for more to come. I think the more we see on public side, the better that is likely to be for average selling pricing, if you try to get a proxy for it going forward.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, we built in modest pieces of that over the next several years, Timna. And that may end up being conservative, here's one reason that I say that but it's hard to tell. And that is, we've never seen a city the size of Houston go through the type of rebuild that Houston is going to experience. If we go back over time and we look at what came behind Katrina or if we look at what came behind the storms in Denver five years ago, we're seeing the last of FEMA work from that storm in Denver five years ago, just being big and dealt with this year. My guess is, you may see a faster pace, but that's all it is, Timna, and we have not baked it. And you may see a faster pace of that in portions of Texas going forward. If that does happen, it could be helpful because keep in mind, we're dealing with the long haul market in Houston. So, you do have a fully ASP-laden transportation-loaded product that's going into that marketplace from our perspective. That's typically going in by rail. So, could you see more price that could come from that? You could. We have candidly not baked a lot of that in.
C. Howard Nye: We're expecting the bottlenecking to begin to break loose, and we're expecting clearly to see it get better next year. I guess what I would like to see is for it to break through in a more meaningful way than we're anticipating right now because we think that should have happened this year. So, we're clearly looking for growth in all three of our primary end uses next year. I'm still frustrated by the fact that infrastructure's 42% of what we're doing right now. It should be considerably higher than that. I would have thought it would have been higher than that coming into this year. There's no reason structurally, as we look at it, that it shouldn't be higher than that next year. But again, we would have thought that coming into this year. As I indicated in one of the earlier questions, we will see that breakthrough. The question will be exactly when, and, I think we're taking a very measured, appropriate view of that right now.
C. Howard Nye: No, I think you will see lift going into next year. We clearly expect a better ready-mixed year, next year, in Texas, in particular. Look, we've got the best looking work behind that business in Texas on ready-mixed that we've had at any point since we've owned that business. So, we talked a little bit about the fact that some of the issues that we've run into this year have been relative to weather, and some of the issues that we ran into this year were relative to the way that we were maintaining price leadership in that market as well. I don't see us giving that up per se, but I do see us doing better on the volume side and doing better in that business generally.
C. Howard Nye: It can vary pretty considerably, Garik. It can be anywhere from two to six months oftentimes on those types of projects. So, it's going to depend on the nature of the project and exactly what it is, whether it's brand new construction overlays or otherwise. So, it's going to be measured, typically, I would say, within a – let's call it within a six-month timeframe.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. Well, look, I guess several things. One is, we just look at DOTs across United States. I mean, clearly, for example, Texas DOT had a serious need to hire more people. They had a hiring freeze that they had in place for a fairly extended period of time this year. And here's what we see going into next year. Think of it in these terms. So, as we came in to the year, they had an expected letting schedule of $7.3 billion, and it ended up being about $6.2 billion. So, it was less than even they thought. As we look ahead, they're looking at $7.5 billion for next year. It's even increased $500 million since July, and the majority of that increase actually went to Fort Worth, and that includes $105 million of Prop 1 money. Here's what I think is notable, though, Garik. That doesn't include any Prop 7 money. So, if we're looking at Prop 7, what we're anticipating right now is $3.2 billion of that forecasted for 2019. And what's, I think, important is TxDOT itself was saying they're looking at about $2.3 billion worth of September 2018 dollars, in otherwise that'll be let in advance of the Prop 7 funding. So, if we're looking at simply where they are relative to jobs, they currently have nearly 200 job openings, and that's per the TxDOT website. The majority of the jobs posting are for engineers, transportation techs, design techs, et cetera. And here's what's fascinating. They had a job fair in Austin, and in the first 30 minutes, 50 people applied for the jobs. So what we're seeing in a state like Texas, which matters to us, you got a lot of people coming to work for TxDOT. You've got a lot more money coming to work there as well, so we feel good about that. In Colorado, which is an important state for us, several things. We see big, good, large projects that are set to commence there in 2018. The I-70 reconstruction around Denver Metro is going to be a big job. The I-25 widening in northern Colorado will equally be a big job. But notably, and this goes back to your commentary of what do we see going forward, new Senate Bill 17-267 allows Colorado to issue certificates of participation for about $1.8 billion in transportation projects over the next four years. So again if we're looking at those two states that in large part comprise our West Group, and that gives you a good sense of what the public side of it can look like. I mentioned earlier that North Carolina, we're seeing the pace of letting in this state improve. Here's part of what's notable though over the next several years, is South Carolina. And this is a stat that frankly I was unaware of until we were really looking hard. They manage the fourth highest number of highway miles in the United States in South Carolina. Now keep in mind, they've upped their gas tax, all of which is dedicated for transportation to increase $0.02 per annum for the next six years or $0.12. So in large part, you're going to see funding increase to annual DOT in South Carolina over the next several years by $800 million. These are big numbers. And that doesn't take into account what we've already discussed previously on House Bill 170 in Georgia and what that's doing in doubling their DOT investment. And Florida sitting at an over $10 billion letting schedule, which is near a record level. So as we look at what should be coming in those states, it should be pretty compelling.
C. Howard Nye: What we have spoken previously about the prospect of a $12 a ton increase in that marketplace, we have seen others come out and announced a $6 in Texas. We've seen another $6 increase announced in Arkansas and Louisiana and an $8 in Oklahoma. So the fact is, we're going to have to meet that and that is what we will do. You've looked over time and you've seen the type of position that we have in that marketplace. And that's a position that we're going to protect in that marketplace. And we think we can do that in many respects and protect our price. And we think we can do that with premium service in a marketplace that is going to be incredibly vibrant over the next several years, particularly in North Texas.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. I think it goes back to the conversation I was having with Trey a little while ago. I think the areas that are most impactful to the incrementals are what happens in the Southeast Group, and we anticipate that being better, and then really what happens in the Carolinas. And that is where we're waiting to see what happens relative to public work. What we have are good population trends in North and South Carolina. What we have are relatively good DOT programs in both North and South Carolina. And what we're waiting to see is, when we really start getting a kick from the public side in those two states in particular, because if we see that, it's going to be a very attractive show. But we would have expected a more attractive show from those this year. I mean, North Carolina's unemployment rate is 4.5%. So one of the challenges I'm sure DOT has here is finding qualified people to come to work for them. And if we look at DOT staffing in North Carolina over the last decade-ish, it's gone down by over 20%. So I think that has been a challenge for them. At the same time, the need is significant. And I can tell you they want to get that work out. But again back to your question, it's going to be disproportionally driven by Southeast, where we see very good growth, and then how much you anticipate growth being in that Mid-Atlantic portion of Mid-America.
C. Howard Nye: You know what? I think it can move around pretty considerably. So if there's early repair type work, yeah, I think that could certainly be it. If you're seeing brand new construction happen, you're selling base product that can have at least a lower ASP, not necessarily a lower margin. Clearly, the more we see good high quality, high spec public work come in, that will help the margin on the material going out. So to the extent that we've seen public across the United States come back more slowly this year than anticipated, I do think that's a very fair observation. Yes.
C. Howard Nye: You know what? I think the answer is yes. And here are some of the things that we're going to have to think about. Number one, what will the timing of federal funds really look like in those markets? What will insurance claims look like? How long will DoT integrity studies take for roads and highways? One thing that's important to remember on public work in particular, public work doesn't go away from a storm. It simply gets pushed out. So as we go through and look at what's likely to happen in a place like south Texas and Houston, as I indicated before, we've never had a storm of that duration go over and park on top of the fourth largest city in the United States before. And everything that we have to compare that to goes back to Katrina or Colorado or otherwise. And what I would say is, really it's unfair to compare what's likely to happen in Houston to what happened in New Orleans. I don't think we're looking for an X as (56:43) the people from Houston. I think from a human resource perspective and from a fiscal perspective, what Texas is going to be able to do and what Houston is going to be able to do is far different than anything we've seen in the past. But I think what we're doing right now is using our previous experience to help guide what we think the outlook is going to be. And again, if anything, we're probably going to be accused of being a bit conservative on that and we'll take that.
C. Howard Nye: I mean, I think we're just saying let's watch where the growth is going to be. And let's just measure that very carefully together as we go through it. As we've said, Adam, I think the southeast is going to look good. I think the West is going to look good. I think much of Mid-America can look good. We'll just wait and see some public pull through there so that's the general message, I think you're hearing.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, the capital allocation priorities really haven't changed. And we've been startlingly consistent on how those look. Look, we like the right transactions and that's exactly what we believe Bluegrass is. We're also going to invest in our business and make sure that we have a business that can really sustain itself and we're going to be focused on returning cash to shareholders. And if part of what we said is, we want to have a meaningful and sustainable dividend. And obviously, we took that dividend up earlier this year. We'll come back and revisit that again next year. But part of what we're going to be focused on for the rest of this year and obviously into next year, we'll be getting Bluegrass Materials done and integrating that business into ours.
C. Howard Nye: You know what, Craig, it's not always just a clear-cut game. You're watching very carefully what's going on in the market. You're watching individual customers and looking at their movement. You're looking at what you feel like others' inventories may be and otherwise. So it's not just a clear-cut, easy formula. We've got very capable people on the ground there in Texas that watch that business. And our strategy has candidly been very intentional in that marketplace.
C. Howard Nye: Well, it depends on how full others are, how much work is coming, how much we believe premium service matters in that marketplace. I don't see us going backward on price. I can see us being competitive on price. I don't see a backward march if that's what you're concerned about.
C. Howard Nye: Well, keep in mind, one thing we did several years ago is we opened Medina Rock & Rail. And Medina Rock & Rail has a capacity put 10 million tons of stone on the ground, west of San Antonio and it's sitting on UP mainline and it's the largest quarry on the UP's vast network in the western United States. And we have the ability to move stone into a series of sales yards that surround Houston unlike anyone else. So, I'll just let those facts speak for themselves, but I think they add up, too. Yes.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. What we said when we bought it is we weren't going to say the divestitures weren't possible, but we didn't see it like that. They would be material divestitures in the transaction and we feel exactly the same way today.
C. Howard Nye: It was interesting. If we go back to February this year, we had the same question. And part of our observation at the time was we thought this would be a year in which you would probably see fairly significant M&A activity, and I think we were entirely right on that. Look, I think a lot of it's going to depend on who the sellers are and what type of business they have, where they are, if they're a private business in their families where they may be relative to succession. Look, I'm not going to kid myself what's happening with the tax code today. And over the next several weeks, it may drive some of that as well. Look, I think there could be fairly considerable M&A activity. I'm not necessarily predicting it's going to be next year. But I think as we look at this sector over the next three, four and five years, I think it could continue to be fairly robust relative to M&A activity. That wouldn't surprise me at all, Craig.
C. Howard Nye: What I think, each family, if it's families selling businesses have their own unique drivers. And I think that's probably a question better put to them. So, I think there's some people who are probably looking and saying, you know what, it's just time, and that's more how I see this than anything else.
C. Howard Nye: The Southeast is clearly a very healthy market right now. And part of what you're seeing there is the degree of price it clearly comes from the transfers that go into Florida by rail. What I would say is, remember Mid-America covers a lot of territory. What I would point out to you that it's actually probably helpful to some of your math, we actually did sell some more fill product to North Carolina this past quarter that basically is a remarkably low price product, it didn't displace any other aggregate use. But actually if we had normalized it for that fill, that would have taken overall pricing for us for the quarter in ags up to 6%. So, again, I think it's a remarkably market-by-market driven undertaking. And you heard the conversation I had with Timna earlier in the call about the way that I think we can just look at aggregate pricing generally. But again, I see those markets is good, long-term, steady growth markets and pricing has been attractive in those markets as well.
C. Howard Nye: What I would say is Texas is going to be an attractive market for a long time and there's a great deal of work there. We haven't necessarily seen evidence of things coming down per se the way that you're discussing, Seth. But as we look at what we think, what we know, the letting schedule be and what the work in that state looks like right now and where pricing is in that state relative to a corporate average, again, my commentary goes back to what we said earlier in the call. I think Texas and I think North Texas in particular can be one of the most attractive heavy-side building material markets in the United States for the next 25 years. I see very few things including population trends, employment and otherwise that make me feel differently about that. I mean, if we're looking just through Texas generally, that North Texas to San Antonio I-35 corridor, all the fundamentals remain in place. Texas is ranked number one in employment growth for the trailing 12 months. Dallas is the second best metro in the nation on housing. Houston even with the move from considerably less multi-family to more single-family stood at 7; San Antonio is at 25; Austin is at 27. The unemployment rate is 4.5%, and it's still number one in single-family unit housing permits and that Prop 7 money hasn't hit yet. So again as we look at what's coming in Texas for an extended period of time, it looks pretty attractive to us.
C. Howard Nye: No. I think Colorado is going to be attractive for a long time as well. It's got good employment growth, it's ranked 18th overall, it's clearly faster than the rest of the United States. Unemployment in Colorado is at 2.2%. We see two large TIFIA projects in that state. C-470 is under way; I-70 starts in 2018. Those two together equal about $1.7 billion in total investments. That separate instinct from the Colorado Springs 2C sales tax that was passed in November of 2015. And keep in mind, we talked about the certificates of participation earlier, that's an additional $1.8 billion in transport projects over the next four years. So, if we're looking at a state that has been at a good level that we anticipate staying at a good level for a period of time, Colorado is at the head of that list.
C. Howard Nye: All right. Thank you again for joining our third quarter 2017 earnings call. We remain confident in our long-term outlook. Our team's disciplined execution of our strategic plan continues to provide a firm foundation to enhancing long-term shareholder value. And we look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full-year 2017 results with you in February. Thank you for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta.
Trey H. Grooms: Thanks a lot for that as always. And then last one for me, just to make sure I heard everything correctly. You kind of touched on some of the impacts that, at least from you guys, measurement on what the storms, the impact that could have on aggregate, cement and ready-mixed.
Trey H. Grooms: Aggregates, that was 2.1 million tons. If I heard you right, that was the impact there; and then cement was 400,000; ready-mixed was 300,000 yards. And I missed the last one. I'm sorry.
Trey H. Grooms: Yeah. It's super helpful. And specifically, though, that's in the third quarter. That's not like an overall kind of impact even as we kind of maybe linger into 4Q a little bit or anything like that. That's specifically in the quarter.
