Ward Nye: Arnie, if we go back and take a look at the different buckets where the volumes are coming from, we’ve seen even up in infrastructure in the first quarter. I know that’s not what we’re seeing for the full year across the entire business or the entire country. But if you look at where Texas is and what their DOT spending is likely to be, if you look at where North Carolina is, if you look at a state like Iowa that has the largest DOT program in its state’s history this year, those are all important states for us. I think more importantly though is we come back and look at some of the other buckets. If we look at non-res, clearly the activity we’ve seen in energy last year coming into this year continues to be good. But I think what really gives us some confidence is we’re seeing movement beyond just energy in non-res. We’re seeing new data centers. We’re seeing distribution centers being built. And then even as we go into the residential market, what we’re seeing with respect to housing is a pretty good story. We talked a little bit about what we were seeing in San Antonio in the prepared remarks, but we’re seeing good single-family activity in a number of markets across our business. We also continue to see a lot of multi-family activity as well. We’re seeing that in places like Wilmington, North Carolina. The coastal areas of the Carolinas have been pretty hard hit the last couple of years. And when we’re seeing new apartment complexes going up, that’s giving us a lot of confidence. And then finally, even what we have in ChemRock and Rail where callings were to be relatively flat for the year, clearly what we’ve seen in Ag lime in the first part of the year tells us there continues to be pent up demand in that sector. So, Arnie, as I picked and marched through those buckets, that’s a quick snapshot that I’m seeing, and I think that does give us confidence that the volume growth is going to be there.
Ward Nye: Clearly this is something we’ve been doing for a while, so we are not newbies to taking out cost and we continue to look at it. I’m proud of what we’ve done with the costs in this quarter, particularly given the fact that we’ve been doing this for a while now. I’ll tell you what really gave me some even greater appreciation of what our operating teams did. We actually moved considerably more material by rail this quarter than we have in previous Q1s. My last number in my mind tells me that we moved around 38% more material by rail this quarter going from operating locations to new yards or other yards than we did in the prior quarter. If we take a look at that, it would even put more even behind the 260 basis points. So as we look at what we came in with and what it really would have been more on a same-on-same, we’re pretty encouraged by that. The other thing I’ll remind you too, Arnie, is we all get excited when we talk about volumes being up 9.6%. That sounds like a great number, but that’s still 23.8 million tons. When I go back and compare that to history, that’s a little bit less than we did in 2009 when we were at about 24.5 million tons. And last time I checked, 2009 wasn’t a great year in our economy either. So when we see that type of margin on that type of volume, particularly in a Q1, I feel pretty good about it, and I do feel like it is sustainable, and I think we can continue to do quite well with it.
Ward Nye: Really what I would do – let me approach it this way, Todd. Let’s go back and talk about the acquisition effect because I think that can probably help you. If we just looked at total heritage volume, I want to say that was probably up seven points, total volume up about 7.3%, pricing up around 1.1%. I think if you go back and take a look at really what the big chunk of the acquisition is, it’s really going to be Denver, although we clearly did buy a business in San Antonio midyear last year. So if you come back with that and assume, we’re probably looking at an incremental 8 million tons on those acquisitions on the stone side, probably an incremental 800,000 cubic yards on the ready-mix side, and around 1.5 million on the hot mix side. I think that will probably get you where you want to be, Todd.
Ward Nye: You can see that it cost us $0.17 for the quarter. And what I would encourage you to do, just assume that that’s going to be tough to make up to the full year. And keep in mind what we said is that’s a business that’s going to be accretive to us in 2013. What we like is the timing in which we’ve come into that market. Let me give you some facts to think about relative to Denver as we look at the business, Todd. I was reading AGC America the other week. It stated that Denver leads the nation in new construction jobs. And if you look at the 12 months ended in February, it added around 6,300 jobs. With respect to homes in the Denver market from really when the trough hit, we’ve seen inventory down around 42%. Multifamily is up 21%, and we’re seeing new subdivisions come into that market as well. So even if we look at our ready-mix business there and our hot-mix business there, we’re seeing nice levels of bidding activity, not just on subdivisions, but we’re seeing work at the University of Colorado student housing. We’re seeing work at the VA hospital. We’re seeing Denver Museum of Sciences work. And even when we look at HMA, we’re seeing good municipal work, and bidding has accelerated pretty considerably. We’ve actually bid on in excess of 500 projects in that market. So you’ll recall the strategic reasons that we thought moving into Denver was a nice move and a good time for Martin Marietta to have a one or two position in Denver, so hopefully with that volume data that I’ve given you and at least some of the market detail that I’ve provided, that can help you some more in Denver.
Ward Nye: Todd, I think it is. Clearly, the midyear pricing that we went out with last year did give us some tailwind coming into this year. And you’ll recall last year when we came to about this time of the year, diesel was up I want to say 30% at that time as well. So as we continue to watch it march up, it is our intention to go back to a number of markets across the United States and look for midyear price increases. It’s simply time to try to share some of this. We have a lot of input issues that people simply understand, and this is a real one. And if you’re looking at first quarter, we burned 6.1 million gallons of diesel fuel. And if you look at the full year last year, we were somewhere around 28.5 million gallons. So diesel fuel is not an insignificant expense. Now energy around 12% of our cost of goods, diesel is around 8% of that 12%. So it’s not something that’s actually going to just push you to the edge, but it is something that you need to come back and address, and we do intend to do that midyear.
Ward Nye: You know what, Todd, it’s probably too soon for that. I do think we’ll have resolution to that here in the not too distant future. And of course, part of what you look for is to see if you feel like you’re running into any remarkable surprises. We’ve done our homework on this. We feel like we understand it very well. And again, we’re comfortable with where we’re. I know people want an answer to that. And we want to give you that and we’re working hard on it right now.
Ward Nye: No. Kathryn, I think what I said in my prepared remarks is really where I need to be on that, and that is we’re pleased with the progress that we’re making going through DOJ. We continue to have dialogue with them. And when we said we thought we’d have something around mid-May, it’s May 1, so we’re talking couple of weeks at this time.Kathryn Thompson – Thompson Research Group: Okay, all right. Great, thanks so much for taking my questions today.
Ward Nye: I don’t think that’s what we’re saying at all. I think what we’re trying to say in the timing agreement is clearly we are working with DOJ on what I think with most of you is a very expedited basis. And I think DOJ and we continue to approach it in that fashion. And I guess what we’re saying now is we think we might be a couple of weeks later than we thought we would have been before. I think that’s really it, Bob.
Ward Nye: It was really all the acquisitions and just bringing that in and really doing what we need to do to make those look like a part of our usual heritage business. So I think that’s the moving parts that you’re seeing, Bob.
Ward Nye: I think that’s exactly right. Denver, unlike a lot of the rest of the United States, really had a real winter this past year, and it’s always will in the Rockies. We joked a little bit tongue-in-cheek, but we were right when we said it. If you go to the aggregate purchasing handbook, you probably don’t buy Rocky Mountain business in the middle of December, and we knew we would simply have to weather that though Q1. So you’re entirely right; it’s going to have a different trajectory there.
Ward Nye: Clearly, this is going to – given the first quarter and the pure seasonality of it, I think what we’re saying is you’ve seen the toughest quarter that Denver would have. And we’re saying for this year in many respects you can just take that and carry it through. I think that’s probably what we’re saying right now, Rodny.Rodny Nacier – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, all right. Thank you very much, and I’ll get back in queue.
Ward Nye: Ted, I think the issues are probably twofold. And I think the issues are purely the level of volume that you’re seeing in Q1, again relatively low volumes. And I think the other is simply going back and I know it’s hard to see from where you’re sitting. It’s tied into how much we’re sending from producing locations to yards right now. In the first quarter, we simply needed to build some inventories at some of our yards. And that cost was going to be a very different number simply as we’re trying to build some inventories here in the first quarter. I can tell you that as we look at the business and we contemplate what margins and incremental margins will look like as volumes come back, we continue to be very comfortable and very committed to the types of numbers that we’ve given you and the others as well.
Ward Nye: I think you can certainly look for a degree of benefit from that going through. I think when you do come back and you start earlier, you can simply take a look at the M&R and supply line. Our supply line was up around 19% for the first quarter, and really that’s going to explosives. It’s going to belting. It’s going to fuel. It’s going to a number of different items. And on a percentage basis, that’s a big pop. And I think as we come into Q2, you’ll certainly see the appropriate moderation there.
Ward Nye: I’ll let you know a lot of that was twofold, in fact. It’s simply where people are or not on the highway bill. And I think you’re seeing a certain degree of the stimulus come out as well. Keep in mind, a very different stimulus circumstance this year. When we came into 2011, there was around 22% of stimulus that was left. When we came into this year, around 14% was left. And by our math, around 2% of it went already this year, so there is only about 12% of that left. I think you’re still seeing a lot of timing issues there, Ted. And back to my point earlier, if we take a look at really where NC DOT is and I look at their five-year work plan, they’re looking at a 2012 – 2013 work plan of $3.8 billion, a 2013 and 2014 work plan of $3.9 billion. At the same time, if we look at Texas, keep in mind they’re an August 31 fiscal year; $4.4 billion this year, $4.5 billion in 2013, and that doesn’t take into account the additional $2 billion that we identified in my prepared remarks as well. So I think you have a timing issue. I think you have highway bill issue, and I think you have the stimulus issue describing the numbers that you’re seeing. As we go back and take a look at the DOTs and where they are and what we think their spending will be, it does give us a good sense of confidence there.
Ward Nye: I think it’s probably too early be come out and give specific targets on that. Here’s what I’ll tell you, Jerry, and this is what I’m pleased with in Denver. We’ve given you an overview of really how that market is behaving right now. I think the one thing that we haven’t spoken much about is the team that we put in place. And what we have in Denver is a team, a, that has a lot of history in Denver, and b, a team that has some history with us; and we think those two things are incredibly important. And we have a business, we have a team, and we have a culture that we’re confident that’s extremely well with where we are. And we’re obviously going through a first quarter and second quarter process of integrating that business into our normal operating processes systems-wise and otherwise. So to come back and give you very specific numbers right now I think would be premature. But I’d come back and reaffirm what we said before. This is a transaction that we believe puts us in a great market. We’re excited about what we bought. We’re excited about who is with us, and we feel like that’s going to be a nicely accretive business for us as we go into 2013.
Ward Nye: We know we can control costs. It’s tougher to control volume, so we’re going to go after it appropriately on the cost side. I think at the same time, if you come back and look at the numbers that I talked about earlier and you assume it’s going to be 800,000 cubic yards of ready-mix and 1.5 million tons of hot mix, that’s basically taking the hot mix exposure we had wholly before and doubling it. So we had around – I want to say 1.4 million tons last year. This is about 1.5 million that came in with this. I think at the same time, if we had gone back last year and looked at our heritage ready-mix business, it was probably somewhere around, just call it 450,000 cubic yards. So coming back with this is also a pretty big chunk. It’s different than we would have had in the past, but that’s how that Denver market is built, and that’s how you have to be structured to compete there.
Ward Nye: We’re clearly seeing a better trend on that. The toughest area that we had seen in trying to get price increases has been in the ready-mix community. And I think that’s a business that in part has come to the conclusion that they can no longer save themselves to prosperity, and we’re certainly looking for price increases there. We’re certainly looking for it in liquid – I’m sorry, in asphalt as well. Keep in mind, liquid asphalt itself is moving around. And as that moves, it can help other aspects of it. Probably one thing that you’d like to know, Jerry, is if we look at just liquid asphalt prices in the quarter through Q1 2012, they were ranging anywhere from call it $515 up to around $550 a ton. And that’s up year over year from something that was probably closer to the low to mid-$400s last year, and the trend continues to be anywhere from $50 to $100 a ton up. So to answer your question directly, I think ready-mix producers are clearly understanding that they need to handle their cost structure differently and we are seeing price increases there. And we are looking for them and we’re doing the same on asphalt.
Ward Nye: You know what, Garik, if I look at M&R costs, they were up almost 10% for the quarter. So if I really look at the big buckets that had some movement, energy we talked about the fact that it was up pretty considerably. Supplies on a percentage basis were up even more than energy, and M&R was up close to 10%. So as I look at those numbers, I feel like we will certainly get some benefit of those as we move into second quarter. Clearly, as Anne indicated before, when you’re coming out of winter, when you’re starting operations earlier, what’s going to happen is you will have some startup costs that you probably would have incurred in some degree more in Q2, and we clearly had more of that in Q1.
Ward Nye: Garik, if you look at total production tons, they were up about 7.5% to 8%, and these costs were up in a range of 10%, 15%, 19%. You could make a pretty good case where you would expect those costs to proportionally rise. So I would argue that those pieces that are in excess of our increase in production costs are our pull-forward costs.
Ward Nye: I think the issue in the Mideast rolls off actually very easily and very nicely. That was simply a sand job. When volume comes back in that much more seasonally situated business, that will be entirely muted, in my view. At the same time, what we were seeing in Denver is we were simply seeing a higher degree of base in that market compared to what we would see in most of our business. I want to say 50%-some of it was actually based in Q1, but keep in mind Q1 is not going to be a representative quarter for what goes on there. So I would take the noise around mix on those two markets, Garik, and not be particularly concerned about that going forward.
Ward Nye: We obviously watch that very carefully, and this is something that we feel very deeply and feel very strongly about. We’ve been clear about it. We knew it would not be an inexpensive process, and we were right on that. Here is what I would tell you with respect to the quarter though, Garik. We had a full trial. We had a full trial in Delaware. We had all the discovery that leads up to a full trial in Delaware. We had depositions, and we had a full employment act for lawyers. That’s the best way we can describe it. And I know lawyers have to eat too, but I wish they weren’t eating quite so much right now. So hopefully, we have seen the worst of that for a while. Garik, this is a deal that needs to happen. It’s a deal that I feel incredibly strongly about, as I’m sure you can tell from the financials and from what I’ve said. I feel good about what we’re trying to do. I don’t feel good about the way that we’re having to do it. The fact is these are two companies that ought to be together. We ought to be working together to do something great. We ought to be finding ways to bring two teams together and take the best of the best and have something that in every respect is world class. That’s what I want to see. I believe that’s what shareholders want to see. I don’t want to spend money this way. I don’t think it’s constructive, but we do believe in this transaction. And I know I got a little preachy on you, I apologize for that, but you can tell I feel strongly about it.
Ward Nye: You know what, obviously, we’re waiting for the chancellor in Delaware. There is very little activity underway in the Alabama litigation right now. There is some activity in New Jersey. There’s not an enormous amount of activity in New Jersey. The prime areas of activity that’s going on in New Jersey right now are efforts to stop us from moving forward with our independent nominees. And sadly, we anticipated that would probably be the case. But it’s the level of activity that’s going on there from a comparative basis I would tell you does not touch the process that we went through in Delaware.
Ward Nye: You know what, we’ve been in a bunker here for about four or five years now. And one thing I’ll tell you, Adam, and we’ve said it before, this has never been an industry that has been particularly good at calling the turn either way. And I think one thing we like to be is we like to be incredibly clear and very transparent with people. And if we’re wrong or we’re light on it, we’ll come back and tell you about it when we get to Q2. But at the same time, I just think it’s a nice problem to have to talk about taking volume guidance up. We haven’t been there for a long time, so we like going back in that water.
Ward Nye: You know what, I guess it’s a practical matter. There is probably not, in this context, a big difference between a local market and a distance market. You’ve clearly got – that’s simply the way some of these markets work. The thing that I guess I take the most comfort in with respect to it, Adam, is number one, I continue to feel confident in our analysis. Number two, we’ve taken a lot of calls and continue to hear from a lot of people who very much want to have some meaningful dialogue with us on this when we’re successful. So I think the number of buyers who are going to be there will be high. I think their level of interest will be considerable, and I don’t candidly look at the long-haul or a local market in this context remarkably differently.
Ward Nye: We are actually seeing both. Now what I’ll tell you is I think there are probably more sticks and bricks right now than there are new subdivisions going in, Trey. But at least what I’m seeing in a number of our markets is I am seeing more subdivision type work than I thought I would have. And one of the odd things is you’re seeing more of that in some instances on the higher end, which is not necessarily what you would expect. But if we’re looking at single-family permits right now, the last numbers I saw were around 23% ahead of where they were in 2011. And part of what I think is a plus side at least relative to homes is the inventory of new homes is pretty lean. Again, the last number I saw was only around 150,000 new homes were available for sale across the nation, and multi-family in that continues to take the lead. But one of the big issues that I think is simply there, Trey, is you are going to have the hangover of around 3.5 million distressed homes that are still out there. So I think you’ve got some pluses on res. You’ve got some minuses on res. What I’m encouraged though is to see the res activity in a market, for example, like Charlotte. Charlotte was a market because of its tie to the banking industry, when that industry really went through its tough times, Charlotte was in a very, very tough spot. And you heard us speak about the customer there who suddenly is bidding on five new projects in that market, and we’re seeing that repeat itself in multiple markets right now.
Ward Nye: Trey, the prime – and that’s the key to that. Anne said it right. It’s all around the notion of the combination. It’s not going through single buckets here or there. It’s taking a look at what SG&A looks like. It’s going through the operating efficiencies, taking a look on what can be done from a purchasing perspective. But it’s all driven by the concept of the combination.
Ward Nye: As we’re seeing it right now, we’re not hearing or having any material discussion about that having an impact. If we’re looking at steel right now, it’s running around 79% of capacity. The fact is if it’s running anywhere near 70% of capacity, it’s going to work pretty well for us. Chris, I know you follow the steel industry pretty closely. And the last number I saw I think at the end of March, it was running at about 1.9 million tons per week, so it’s running at a pretty healthy clip right now. But we’ve certainly not had any indications from our customers that we’re looking at any degree of degradation based on the issues that you raised.
Ward Nye: What we did talk about what we’re selling into the ChemRock and rail component. A portion of that is going to be basically what we’re using for scrubber. A different portion of it, particularly what we’re selling into the shale fields, will be under the non-res piece. But I’ll tell you, last year if we took a look at what we were selling relative to energy and shale, it would have been around 4.2 million tons. So I think you can take that and say it’s probably going to be a little bit better than that this year. It’s going to move around in the shale fields. But if you took that 4.2 million and then came back and probably added another, call it maybe a couple million tons for other power related projects and then came back and took a look at the agricultural line, that will give you a pretty good feel for portions of it.
Ward Nye: What I think is going to happen is that we’ll move around. And I think that’s a fair observation, Chris, because keep in mind; given our rail construct in particular, we can hit the Marcellus. We can hit the Haynesville. We can hit Barnett. We can hit Eagle Ford. We can hit Niobrara, and we can hit the Bakken. So we have the ability to go into all of those different deposits. Now there is a migration, and you can see it, for example, in Chesapeake’s numbers. Where people are coming more quickly out of places like Haynesville and Barnett, they tend to be going into the Eagle Ford. So clearly, we have felt some degree of volume decline in a place like Arkansas because of that. There is just no...
Ward Nye: You know what, if we got a highway bill, I would tell you to really feel any significant tailwind from it, you’re probably nine months or so out from that...
Ward Nye: Okay. Mike, first of all, I don’t think you miss much, so here is what I would come back and say. You’re talking about 8 million tons. Actually if you go back, I think what I’ve said is it was 8 million tons between what we did in the Texas acquisition last year and the Denver acquisition. I didn’t actually break down percentages between Denver and Texas, so that 8 million tons would have been a cumulative between those two different markets. To your point, Q2 will clearly be better than Q1. Q3 will be better than Q2 or Q1. We do anticipate really keeping about level, all things considered, by the time we’re finished Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4 really on where we are in Denver right now as we finish the full year. And again, that’s simply part of the integration process.
Ward Nye: Yes, I want to go back and look, but I want to say the volumes on the River system were actually pretty consistent, maybe a little bit light from where we are on this 8 million tons we’ve given you. It’s a little bit below that.
Ward Nye: I’d be remiss not to take this opportunity to thank our employees and their families who put forward remarkable effort every day to allow us to operate safely, control costs, deliver results, and execute toward strategic initiatives. With respect to those initiatives, we know you’re waiting for clarity regarding both the Delaware litigation and the DOJ regulatory review. And in that regard, May should be a busy month as we continue to pursue the business combination with Vulcan. Later today, we will release and file an updated presentation outlining our most current view of the proposed transaction, and we’ll continue to keep you updated as appropriate. There is undeniable strategic and industrial logic in the combination of Martin Marietta and Vulcan. However, Vulcan seems to continue to fundamentally mischaracterize our proposal, ignore its own inflated trading multiple, and set unrealistic expectations for the relative timing and extent of their recovery. We do want a make a few points clear. Our stock-for-stock combination proposal does not cash out Vulcan shareholders. Instead, it does provide Vulcan shareholders an approximately 58% continuing ownership in a stronger entity with an immediately derisked balance sheet, meaningful dividend restoration, shared synergies through a more realistic view of near-term economic recovery, and shared upside through the economic cycle. Our stock-for-stock combination proposal does not undervalue Vulcan. Instead, it does provide a tax-free combination. And in fact, it values Vulcan at approximately 17 times its projected 2012 EBITDA. Finally, our stock-for-stock combination proposal does not exploit cyclical lows. Instead, it does underscore our belief that Vulcan’s share price given its current trading multiple already reflects expected economic recovery. Martin Marietta continues to outperform Vulcan in nearly every relevant measure. During the quarter, we had stronger aggregate pricing growth, grew net sales at a faster rate, and generated stronger absolute margins than Vulcan. We continue to operate with what we believe are industry leading SG&A levels as a percentage of the net sales and, again, set quarterly records in our Specialty Products business. It does all come down to value and we believe both Martin Marietta and Vulcan’s shareholders stand to benefit from this powerful combination. Vulcan shareholders have an opportunity to send a strong message to their Board by electing Martin Marietta’s independent nominees to the Vulcan Board and support the transaction for their shareholders. We ask you to please do so. All that said, thank you again for joining our first quarter 2012 earnings call and for your interest in Martin Marietta Materials. Our first quarter trends and initiatives should lead to a successful year. We look forward to discussing our second quarter results in August. Have a very pleasant day.
Anne Lloyd: Yes, I think, Bob, it’s in the ballpark. The big leverage there is going to be, obviously, with the Denver acquisition, we’ve got some incremental overhead that we’ll be incurring there this year. And as we continue to synergize that business through the course of the year, get the acquisition fully integrated, we should be able to bring that down in 2013 and beyond.
Anne Lloyd: Not at this point. We’re probably still a little premature in that regard, but we should be able to give you some color on that later this year.
Anne Lloyd: And, Ted, if I could just add some more color to that, the real issue is that you’ve got, if you look at the segment information, you’ve got acquisitions buried in there. So if you think the heritage business same-on-same, so to speak, same-store sales, look at the incremental gross margins there. If you look at a couple of the impacts of energy as well as the impact of restocking the yards, which will be sales that come in the future but those costs get taken today, our incrementals are in excess of 50% on our heritage business, a little bit shy of the 60% target that we have on average, not too far out of the ballpark. Part of that is addressed by some of the supplies, repair, and maintenance costs that we’ve had to accelerate into the quarter because we did get started just a little bit earlier. I think there is just so much noise around the comparability of margins, it’s difficult to tell on the face of the financials.
Anne Lloyd: Essentially Ted, your startup costs, if you think about it, you had facilities somewhat not deliver for a period of time. You’re going to have some startup costs. Those have gotten moved into the first quarter and shouldn’t repeat themselves. So we’re expecting to see that trend reverse.
Anne Lloyd: Trey, I think our view on the synergy value is still that we’re in the $200 million – $250 million range that we originally came out with, with our proposal. We believe that that is a valid target for us to set out in this combination.
Anne Lloyd: Yes, you read it right, 23% tax rate. That’s really we reevaluated the tax rate during this quarter that we expect for the year. The majority of that, Mike, principally relates to the impact of the transaction cost on pre-tax income and then that impact on all of the permanent deductions, principally depletion. So essentially, we’re picking up more permanent depletion.
