Ward Nye: Kathryn, thank you for question. I guess two components in that. Number one you have to remember when we went into the transaction and closed it on July 1, because of the anti-trust process, our operating teams had really only had about a couple of weeks with that business before we closed. So from a practical matter their time on the ground and their time looking for what we signed or we turn found synergies were really pretty short. So what's happen is as you are seeing really the result of having our teams in therefore in more expanded period of time. That's what really driven the acceleration of these synergies. So I am not that surprised by it. I knew if we could get our good people on the ground they would capture those and we would see them quickly and I do think they did a fantastic job with that. To the next part of question, where we are in the innings. I think we are in the early innings of this game. I mean again we've owned this business for a little bit over half year, you are seeing that type of synergy realization that quickly. You have to assume that we as a combined work force and that's what we are now. We will continue to work very effectively to find more and I think you should expect us to find more. 
Ward Nye: I can give you exactly what they were for the -- we are looking at 3.5 million tons of TXI really for the quarter and that's stone side we are looking about 1.3 on the cement side for the quarter casually again. The full year, we had never gone back and talked about that but we have given good guidance on that going forward. 
Ward Nye: Understood. Here what we saw energy in the fourth quarter, give you sense, we saw fourth quarter sale volumes about 1.7 million tons that was down about 350,000 tons for the quarter. We saw pull back in the Eagle Ford oddly enough or maybe not oddly enough, we saw Haynesville will actually up so what you are seeing is a little bit of play on gas versus gas and oil, Kathryn. If you go back and look at full year is around 7.5 million tons, you just been dead on that, most of that is going to either roads or pass or otherwise but here is the take that we have on it. What are seeing is a strong enough recovery in other areas of nonres that we think that's going to offset whatever bumps there maybe in some elements of the products simply going to the different shale place. So from where we are sitting, the shale play has always been in nonres all by itself. We are just seeing other portions of it. They are growing so rapidly. We think it is likely to offset that. But the other piece of it Kathryn now I that think it is important is the way energy has been moving particularly in the state like Texas to put some metrics to it. We used -- I want to say 17 million gallons of diesel fuel in the South West last year, so as we are watching oil prices come down, can it affect some degree of volume going to shale fields? The answer is yes. Do I think it is going to be horribly dramatic? The answer to that is no. Do I think the cost benefit that we will likely to see from that is much better than the downside on the volume? The answer to that is absolutely. 
Ward Nye: Kathryn, it was round $4 million for the quarter. To give you a sense of what run rate is looking like in Q3 we burned about 11.5 million gallons of diesel fuel. In Q4 about 10.4 and that goes back to heritage numbers. Q1 we were 6.4 and Q2 we were 8.5. So we are looking at a run rate for this combined Martin Marietta at our TXI business, we are probably in that 40 to 44 million gallons of diesel per year. That's not a bad way to think about it. 
Ward Nye: No. It is not dramatically different. And the one thing that I would say that I think we need to think about is they have got a record letting program in Texas this year tries to the simple fact is if you look at a record infrastructure letting program this year close to $10 billion. And then doesn't include lot of the P3 work that's going on in that state. From an infrastructure perspective it is simply getting larger and keep in mind even the energy cargo road work that started last year about $150 million worth of that work was let but Texas I'd tell you they got $1 billion issue, they are all by themselves, so my point is thus more and more of that work probably for the next two, three years at least in Texas will tend to be infrastructure driven simply because that market is so immense right now. 
Ward Nye: Here is a quick way to think of it. It continues in some respect to be highly concentrated in Texas because if you are looking at nonresidential start, so these are projects that aren't completed, these are projects that are underway and starting. The change from 2013 to 2014 was nearly $17 billion. So you just got an enormous amount of activity in that market place that's moving in that fashion. At the same time when we come back and take a look at more traditional commercial. In other words what's going on in office? What's going on in retail, what's going in shopping centers? What we are seeing right now Tray is considerably more work in that space and we've seen over the last several years. But you will remember we have seen a lot of heavy work in nonres over last two three years but not a lot on the lighter side of commercial, now we are starting to see that turn. But we are also starting to see that turn in other states is important to us. South Carolina, up 14%, Colorado up 17%, so again very good nonres activity across the board.
Ward Nye: I will take the first part and let Anne come back and give some color to that. But our view is we can do this using our excess free cash flow. So we can go through this, we can take care of the requirements of the business. We can take care of the requirements of the dividend. And as we come down to that targeted range of between 2 and 2.5 and as you heard in my opening remarks, we are now below 2.5. As we get towards that 2 range, Tray, if our projections are right the free cash flow or excess free cash flow to this business is going to kick off, is pretty considerable. And I think that's something that we had a lot of conversation about it. But Anne you want to add some color to that. 
Ward Nye: Let's do this. Let me come back and talk about capital spending for this year, Anne will come back and talk a little bit more about CapEx in the out years. I mean if we are looking at $320 million for this year really the way that we are looking that's probably around 184 is an aggregate we are seeing probably around $40 million in cement, as I mentioned in my comments around $35 million on synergy, around $28 million in ready mix concrete and then of course we are buying land and otherwise. Back to your very specific question the Medina quarry project that we have outside of San Antonio, we are looking to put about $80 million into that this year. And we expect that project to be substantially complete this year. So we expect the term to switch and have that process very much underway as we go into 2016.
Ward Nye: Garik, one thing remember there -- as you remember when we are really spending at a maintenance level, at that point we are looking at DD&A numbers closer to 175 to 180 and we are looking at DD&A numbers today closer to 70 just to put some scope to that. 
Ward Nye: Garik, it is tough to parse much of that I can tell you. Obviously the order projects are rolling up now with pretty quick rapidity. Obviously, we came in and put a $10 a ton increase in that market. And Texas is sold out market. And we are going to do more of same and we made that clear to our customers. And we are in very good places in that market place. So I would say the order prices are rolling off and what you are seeing going forward should be just true real sequential movement. 
Ward Nye: I'd tell you what; I don't want to talk specific project by project. What I can tell you is if we are looking in South Texas, there are four major energy projects, is one major DOT project and if I just look at those all by themselves I can see the prospect of 2.5 million tons of aggregates on those. If we look at Houston, I can see a 11 different projects there with well over 2 million tons required, Houston road project separate and distinct from those other private projects, six major road projects over 4 million tons on those. And then back to the conversation we were having around infrastructure and specifically what's going on in North Texas. We are looking at projects in Dallas and Fort Worth in North Texas; they will call for almost 9 million tons of aggregates. So these are big projects all over the state, big tonnage and it makes us feel awfully good about where we are. 
Ward Nye: All right. If I am looking on I-65 and 69 in Houston just starting to supply the project on US- 290 in Houston just starting to supply the project on state highway 288 in Houston, we are just starting to take bids on the Grand Parkway on another leg of it will be coming out again in May. So a lot of these projects, Jerry that I am talking about are projects that have multiple years ahead of them. And they are just starting. So I am not really speaking to jobs that I feel like to be going away in near terms. These are jobs that have likes to them. 
Ward Nye: I mean that's the conversation we certainly going to having with customers. Again going back to the conversation we had a minute ago, these are markets they are in large part sold out. And DFW in particular to market that showed on sand and market that's long on really big projects. So we will certainly continue to push price along in these markets simply because of where they are. And the effect that this would which we can supply them. 
Ward Nye: Yes. In cement, we are looking another 10 bucks a ton in the Dallas and in Texas markets. And in aggregates in that market place, we came back at a mid year price increase and Dallas we worked last year, we are coming into this year, it is going to vary by product but you could be looking anywhere from on the low end of $0.50 a ton to a high end of close to a ton to a couple of bucks a ton.
Ward Nye: I think we will continue to drive full production rate. Here is what full production rate is going to look like for us, Jerry. We are looking to be at 7 million tons by 2017, so here is the way that I would think about it. We are going to look in 2015 to add probably 250,000 tons in Texas that should be about 200,000 tons at Hunter, and 50,000 at Midlothian, in 2016 looking to come back and add another 300,000 tons probably about 140 at Hunter,  , 160 at Midlothian and by 2017 looking to add another probably 250,000 tons in Texas. That's going to give you bridge to what we say is 7 in 2017.
Ward Nye: It is really going to be more driven plans when the outages are. So if you look at total outages in 2014 we had about $30.5 million spent at the cement operations in 2014. I think you should expect similar cost call it little bit north of $31 million in 2015. So what we are looking at is in Q2 and Q4, we are probably looking at nature outages in Q1 and Q3, we are looking at smaller outages. So the way that I would say major outage defined that is something that's in the zip code of plus $4 million and small outage somewhere being between $1 million and $2 million. 
Ward Nye: I think what we are seeing is we are seeing across the enterprise now Keith because what's happened and you have seen it too in Atlanta and other markets, that's going to tend to follow housing with a lag. And in markets that you are seeing good employment dynamics and now you got North Carolina and Georgia and Florida all with good employment dynamics, all with much better housing dynamics and now what we are seeing is we are seeing the change on nonres moving in those states exactly as we would have anticipated. So we continue to see strong momentum and growth in markets like Texas. Good momentum and growth in markets like Colorado, increasing momentum and better growth in markets like Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and Florida. 
Ward Nye: But the primary thing I think some of that is I think synergy certainly helps with that. I think the more powerful element of that really is when you are coming back and you are starting to see the Eastern United States perform a little better. I mean here is the way that you can think about it. We actually for the full year in the Mid - Atlantic division so less tonnage in 2014 than we sold in 2013. Now we are seeing then market get much stronger going into 2015, we made more money in Mid Atlantic on last tonnage in 2014 than we did 2013. So our point is simply this with that type of volume momentum now in those markets and with that type of performance in those markets, we feel like that could be awfully powerful to this business. And again what we are seeing particularly in North Texas around infrastructure, we think it is a great story. And again to your point, we are seeing lower occupancy rates in nonres than we've seen in Dallas in close to a decade right now. So when we look at what's going on sold out cement market, what we can do it pricing in that market but to your point what we can do in aggregates with synergies in TXI and an emerging strength in the South East and the Mid Atlantic group is performing more strongly, that's the key to it. That's the part of the country as you know Ted that has been the slowest to come out of this. And that's the part of the country that's the most disproportionately profitable for us particularly in heritage aggregates when it is performing in the more normalized way. 
Ward Nye: It was relatively evenly distributed. I mean here is what we got. If you are looking in North Carolina, I mean we are seeing some good projects that are underway and some good projects that are coming. I mean in particular we are seeing some work coming up on Charlotte and work coming up in Greensboro, but again we saw better infrastructure work in North Carolina than we are seeing for a while. Georgia, remember as you well know the T plus program has put $1.8 billion over 10 years since South Georgia primarily, so now that's starting to pull through a degree. The Florida program as you referenced is really very, very strong. I mean it is the largest DOT budget in that state's history. One thing that's important about the state like Florida and I think it is a good model for the rest of the country, less than 30% of their DOT money actually originates from federal coffers which gives that nice staying power all the way through. And of course Colorado as we discussed has a good DOT program supplemented by their rep program, supplemented by a lot of FEMA spending in that marketplace right now. So you've got a series of markets in addition to what's going in Texas that have actually done quite well as you recall when we actually gave guidance last year the same time for 2014, we anticipated that infrastructure would be up and I think really a lot of people has some skepticism about it at the time and we said, where you are really matters on this DOT programs, and that's exactly what happen in 2014, that's what we think is going to happen in 2015 as well. 
Ward Nye: I think depending on the time of these large projects I think that is probably the case. And the other thing that I would tell you is that we can come through with a multiyear highway bill. I think in some respect that could change everything. Remember, we've been doing this in many respects moving hand to mouth on a DOT program for the better part of a decade. We haven't had a clear run on multiyear bill, and if we get a multiyear bill then I think you are clearly looking at something that we put out that's very, very safe number. And it would likely be popped up and part of what I am encouraged by is right now for you got members of the tea party like Rand Paul looking hard to find way to put a multiyear bill out there, I think that gives us a pretty good sense of where the year maybe going. 
Ward Nye: I think the primary things that are happening SG&A numbers haven't changed. What's gotten more robust procurement is gotten more robust, operation is gotten more robust. So those primary areas that you would imagine. If you would think about in these terms the two big quarries that we picked up, the Bridgeport that is literally next door to our Chico operation. And their Mill Creek operation and cleverly our Mill Creek operation delivering next door to each other. Those now operates a single quarry and the efficiencies that we are getting from that operationally and otherwise are very significant in addition to procurement. So basically the markers that we put down on SG&A and otherwise that we knew we would be getting, they done exactly as we would have thought, the operation side of it has come through better, is come through faster. 
Ward Nye: We will give you a good readout of it on a quarter by quarter basis. A lot of it is going to depend on how the end line business is performing. A lot of it is going to depend on what opportunities are out there as well because the primary thing that we want to make sure we do is create value and buying share back creates value. Doing the right transaction creates value as well. So it may not be a perfectly linear buyback you should expect it to be. But we will come back and we will tell you quarterly what it looks like.
Ward Nye: Again thanks for joining our fourth quarter and full year earnings call. We remain committed to what we like to call our pillars of shareholder value, world class safety, ethical conduct, sustainability, operational excellence, and cost discipline and customer satisfaction. We look forward to discussing these and other highlights with you in our first quarter results in April. See you then. Thank you very much.
Anne Lloyd: Yes. I mean I think the free cash flow alone could fund the program. Our view however that is you can preserve your leverage as your acquisition firepower, we think today that our ton of leverage is $850 million that can do some pretty good M&A activity funding. So we would target that kind of two times leverage is all of our excess cash flow, similar to capital priorities are there. And preserve our firepower for financial flexibility. 
Anne Lloyd: And the total spends on that Medina project is about $150 million. So we've already acquired the property and done initial work there. As we look at 2016 and beyond from a capital allocation perspective, we could have placed holder in our forecasting of about $350 million annually for the combined business. If you can look back over the pattern of our capital spending, Garik, we generally are counter cyclical. When the markets are rising, recovery is rising, we generally are investing in Martin Marietta, expanding capacity, upgrading facilities. And then generally we do most of our M&A activity as the markets down. 
Anne Lloyd: Garik, we have included I would say about $20 million of embedded diesel improvement in our forecast and we actually -- you think about when we do our planning, we do our planning in the October timeframe, so we are going to use energy prices as of that time, so there has been obviously a rapid decline from that point in time to the end of 2014 but we've kept that diesel price in our plan with all but about $20 million of that. 
Anne Lloyd: And Jerry this is a reminder. You don't just get those efficiencies at a drop of a hat. You have to work through them as you go through planned outages at the various plants and facilities.
Anne Lloyd: Yes. If you look at in the $30 million number that we gave you for 2014 was obviously annualized. We didn't incur $30 million in the second half 2014. So the TXI business had $30 million at calendar 2014 outages expect $31 million in 2015.
Anne Lloyd: Well, I mean I don't have your model in front of me but just based on our view of the cash flow projections of the business, you got to take into consideration the minimal cash taxes that we will be paying over the next two years. We believe that there will be sufficient excess free cash flow to generate the $1 billion to $2 billion over the next three years that we would need to execute against this repurchase. So we can talk more about detailed.
Anne Lloyd: And if we look at the kind of booking of 825, 875, Ted, I mean obviously where our energy costs wanes for the course of the year, if energy costs were the same exactly as they were at the end of 2014 throughout the course of 2015, that 275 number pretty easily achievable. Pricing up or down one way or other and then really it back to Ward's point, it is improvement that we began to see in the back half of the year in that Southern lower right quartile of the United States. If that continues I think you can see a strong recovery in that EBITDA line. 
Anne Lloyd: But I will point, I would point out Ted if you don't mind, one of the challenges I believe that we are going to have as we move through the course of 2015 is the fact that our integration of TXI is progressing very smoothly to the point where it is becoming difficult to discern one operation from the other. 
Anne Lloyd: Which is the way it should be. So parse now where those synergies are, they are there and you can see them in the results so whether they are coming from the fact that we are using a TXI Bridgeport Quarry or the Martin Marietta Chico Quarry, it is getting tougher and tougher to tell because these operations are becoming more and more seamless. 
Anne Lloyd: Ted when we do our evaluation of $1 billion to $2 billion of share buyback, if you recall I mean this stock price came happened today so $133 mark got yesterday, right. So we look at $1 billion to $2 billion buyback that we thought could generate that cash flow and at the market price before today that very easily got 20 million shares, right. But obviously we will reassess and evaluate. We have said that it is excess free cash flow that we would generate from the business after organic capital and dividends; we will add back any proceeds from non strategic non operating asset sales through TXI. And that would be what we would deploy for share repurchases. 
Anne Lloyd: I don't know how to answer your question, Ted. I am sorry. But as we look at the free cash flow available for the business that we thought we would generate it would be $1 billion to $2 billion. And that is -- what we have believe that we could allocate to share repurchases over the next two to three years. 
Anne Lloyd: Hi, Brent, as you analyzed that you need to consider the fact that in that quarter there were about $10 million of outage cost that would only replicate likely in two of the four quarter in 2015. 
Ted Grace: Hi, it is Ted, congratulation on a very impressive quarter. I was hoping just talk about kind of the 2015 EBITDA guidance. So they really focused on the quarter aggregates business. Anne or Ward, can you just walk through kind of how you would encourage people to think about the flow through rate just for the aggregates business and maybe you help dimensionalize with diesel dynamics that will be -- from the standpoint of kind of when we normally think about call it 50% to 60% flow through rates for the core business ex pricing, and you said that over normalized, you never said that that's kind of target given here but could you just give us a little hand holding kind of either how people should be thinking about 2015 and to work the key variable that get you between 825 and 875, is that volume depended more than anything, is the synergy dependent more than anything just to the degree you can kind of flesh that out that will be great. 
Ted Grace: True, true. So my second question would be just following up on a couple others and then we are the second highest estimates on The Street and I understand and appreciate kind of the tax shield related to NOL but cumulatively we had you generating like $1 billion something cash over the next three years which based on your comments sounds too low, I know you talked about $1 billion to $2 billion of free cash but you are talking about kind of $135 of $2.7 billion of buyback. So I think that's what we are trying to struggle with that math, so I guess the question is are you actually implicitly telling us that the mid point, you said $1 billion to $2 billion of free cash is really more like $2.5 billion is what you are thinking of generating? If you can something organically or is that include cost of sales beyond the $100 million and I mean all granted you were to sell that or lever I guess that's what kind of I think people are trying to square up today is you are talking about find back $2.7 billion of stock at today's market price and we outlined is not free cash number that is even close to 2,000 so can you just talk about that little bit more to help us understand it. 
Ted Grace: Okay, maybe I was really slow to that but just to be clear, when you are saying when you set the goal of $1 billion to $2 billion that back into like a million share count number to lower stock price. 
Ted Grace: Well, thanks, I think that's what we are trying to understand. So thank you for that clarity. Good luck. Looking forward to seeing you this week, guys 
