Ward Nye: Yes, part of what you're seeing, Todd, you're just seeing that Southeast part of the United States come back a little bit. But you heard what those incrementals looked like in a state like Georgia, so you're entirely right. Does pricing help, yes it does. Does cost management help, yes it does. Does geographic mix where you're starting to see some business comeback help a lot, it does. I mean, let's talk a little bit about what we saw relative to our production analysis just on the cost side. I mean, the pricing side I think you can see with greater clarity, but if we're looking at total Heritage aggregates cost per ton, they declined 17%, or 2% after adjusting for increased production volumes. What we did, Todd, is we were able to fully capture a 36% decline per gallon in diesel costs during the quarter, but we saw Heritage production volume go up 12%, or 2.9 million tons. So what's happening at the end of the day, is separate and distinct from what's going on in pricing, is each incremental ton was produced at 20% lower than it was in 2014 from an actual cost per ton, so you're seeing it on both sides of the equation. The pricing I think from the release really jumps out and hits you in the face. But I think what's happening on the cost side, and what's happening geographically is important in that 76%, as well.
Ward Nye: We're clearly seeing better housing in the East than we seen for a while. I mean, housing is completely following the playbook that we thought we would see. Permits were up 5%. Starts were up 10%, completions at 12%. But here are the stats that move me. Permits are ahead of starts, starts are ahead of completions. And even when we're sitting here with those types of metrics, housing still remains well below historical averages. So I think it gives us a great deal of upside. What we're seeing too is its being fueled by employment gains. So if you go back to those states that we outlined in my comments, where we're seeing good employment movement, North Carolina, Georgia, South Carolina, Florida, that's what's driving a lot of that. The other thing that I'm moved by, Todd, is the very tepid recovery in housing has really spurred pricing. So we can imagine what a really good market in housing is going to look like, but that's what we're seeing right now, Todd.
Ward Nye: It is. One, it's a good early indicator. Two, it's longer lived. Three, it's more aggregate intensive because remember, Todd, when we talk about res, we are not just talking about the rock going into the lot development. We're talking about the lot going into the subdivision streets, the subdivision sidewalks, the subdivision utilities. That's part of what drives the comment that I said about moving to a more construction centric phase of recovery, and that clearly is moving towards more subdivision development, yes.
Ward Nye: What Kathryn I guess what I would say to is, it's April. And pricing was just so strong, honestly. You just had to come back and adjust that. I talked through on the previous answer what we were look like on the cost profile. So what I would say to you is the cost profile looks good. The pricing looks good. The geography looks good. And if someone wants to accuse us of being conservative, I'll probably take the accusation.
Ward Nye: It's funny, Timna. if I look across our enterprise, prices are up everywhere. And prices are up everywhere, there are some places that pricing is up over 30%. And obviously you don't want see that everywhere, but that gives you a sense of pricing, so it's actually very strong. And mix in the first quarter did not have a profound effect on what was going on with this. So we do want to let this play out a little bit more. But clearly, when you're seeing volumes ramp up, we're going to see the pricing come behind that.
Ward Nye: Yes, we're certainly going to come back and we're going to look at more increases in cement pricing as we get into the year. What I can tell you right now up through Q1, cement pricing in north Texas it was up 11%, and in south Texas it was up 19%. In California it was up 15%. So to your point those are pretty nice percentage moves that we're seeing in pricing in those markets. And again we have a leading position in the Texas markets, but even where we have the leading positions I think is important. This is not a west Texas cement play. This is a north Texas and south central Texas cement play. So we continue to feel very confident about where we sit in pricing in those markets.
Ward Nye: It is not as tight a market as Texas is, I'll certainly concede that. And the total pricing isn't right now as attractive as it is in Texas. But from a percentage perspective frankly it's moving somewhere on a percentage perspective, between where it is in south Texas and where it is in north Texas right now. And I think that's a good sign for a market moving toward in a very steady fashion equilibrium between supply and demand.
Ward Nye: Yes, here is the way I look at that. The different TXI price projects should roll off by the end of the year. So I think we just have to continue to feather that in throughout the year. I think it's hard to give you a percentage on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but – so that's going to be something that we will see in varying degrees for 2015. It will be gone at the end of 2015. If you think back to what was going on on some of those longer haul cement moves, that was really more of a south Texas issue, than it was a north Texas issue. And then if we're going back to the percentages that I spoke of, the increases that we're seeing in south Texas are 19%. So I think that does come back and tie to a degree here.
Ward Nye: Yes, the short answer is over time you can. Here is the West Group story. It was Colorado in January and February and March, which is winter in the Rockies, and it was really going back to a story in north Texas. If you think about what we are in Texas today after the TXI transaction, yes, our position in Houston is important, our position in San Antonio is important. Our position in Austin is important. But the north Texas market is the biggest single market that we have there. And when we're looking at the sheer degree of rain that we had in the days that we could not work in that marketplace, that's the single biggest driver. Now again we're seeing pricing move on a percentage basis in the West better than we are the East. That's not a surprise. In large part because it just has more room to go. But what I would say is one, dry weather is your friend, pricing is your friend, but increased efficiencies will continue to be as well. And we think we'll see that. So with the incrementals in the West, be as attractive as the East with immediacy, no. They never really have. Do we think they'll close the gap over time? Yes. And will it close the gap at different speeds and different markets? The answer to that is yes as well.
Ward Nye: I can because we went and looked at mix overall in the business, and actually if anything, mix was a little bit of a headwind for us, not a tailwind for us, oddly enough. I think in part because you are seeing increased infrastructure activity in Texas. You are seeing different types of non-res. So you're right, sometimes you're just swapping base for base. So if you're scratching there, and I understand why you would, if you're scratching there to try to find out is there some noise and what's going on from a mix perspective, that's either masking or otherwise confusing the pricing story there's really not…
Ward Nye: We're capturing some of that, Drew, candidly we're not capturing all of that because none of us are so good to sort out exactly what we think that's going to be for the balance of the year. So again, perhaps there is an element of conservatism in that, and we're willing to take that. And again we'll come back and talk to you more about it when we're back in half year. But that's really how we're approaching it right now.
Ward Nye: If you think back to last year we actually saw mid years in all the markets in Texas, and we came back and had price increases at the beginning of this year as well. And what I would say Jerry, I'd rather not go market-by-market through Texas, but what I'll tell is the lowest one that I'm seeing even in sub-markets is 10%, and others are obviously considerably more attractive than that. So we're seeing good solid pricing across that entire marketplace, which again I think is indicative of continued momentum there, and a continued positive outlook. If contractors feel like they're seeing something awfully challenging coming their way, I don't think we would see that type of pricing momentum in every corner of our business in that state. And when we're speaking to West Group, I need to pause on Colorado too. We're seeing good movement on aggregate pricing in the Colorado market. And again, part of what I believe we're going to see, Jerry, is more of a hard rock influence coming into markets north of Denver. Simply because they have alluvial plays they are playing out and again, we've got what I think is the premier hard rock position in that Denver market. So both in Texas and Colorado, which really define in many respects the West Group on aggs, that's the story I see on pricing right now.
Ward Nye: I would say the majority of them were effective January 1. Frankly some did go in April, but remember Jerry, it's not usually, particularly markets like Colorado, not a lot of aggs are moving in January. And so I'm not sure in this instance, the timing would have made that big a difference. I just still think the overall market and the movement in pricing to me it is really moving. I'll just put it that way.
Ward Nye: Well, we certainly plan to come back and look at what we feel like the price increases need to be for later in the year. I think coming back at some point and looking at another $10 a ton is not unrealistic, and I think that's the type of conversation that we're going to be having with our customers. Obviously I feel like, Texas will continue to be a sold out market. I mean, the way that we're seeing Texas, even with bringing on some additional capacity, we talked about that before, we thought that we would come back in 2014 and add some additional capacity in that state. We're still seeing that Texas is going to be short on domestic supply by almost 3.8 million tons. Keep in mind last year they were short on domestic supply by 3.7 million tons. So what we're seeing is actually a tighter market in 2015 there than we saw in 2014. I think a tight market probably gives you a sense of what should happen with pricing.
Ward Nye: Yes, in 2012, and that's when we say we feel like it will be like this year, we think its around little over 6 million, and for the full year in 2014 pure direct shale volume was 7.4 million.
Ward Nye: It's obviously going to vary from market-to-market, but give that a quarter to quarter and half usually.
Ward Nye: Yes, what we're seeing right now is steel the quarter running modestly over 70%. We're still seeing a very good business there. We're seeing a very good chemicals business in particular. Keep in mind US steel demand grew by 13% in 2014 to 118 million tons, compared to 105 million tons in 2013. So with this sheer amount of par manufacturing that we're seeing, with the strength that we're seeing in our chemicals business, and with some of the customer relationships that we have, we feel very good about where we're see sitting in mag specialties.
Ward Nye: Craig, the other element that's important separate and distinct from the steel is what's happening with energy there, and actually much of what we saw was natural gas prices for our kilns come down pretty considerably Q1 last year to Q1 this year. We saw that come down about 30%, and we feel like that's going to stay at a pretty good steady number for the balance of the year.
Ward Nye: Well again, I think that's going to be a market-by-market phenomenon, because you're going to see very different prices depending on whether you're in Denver or whether you're in Dallas or frankly even if you're in some community relatively close to Dallas, but outside of the Metroplex. So that’s going to be a sub-market by sub-market decision. But if cement is going up Ready Mix is going to go up.
Ward Nye: The other issue that's there Ted to be clear, we did pull some maintenance or repair forward and we did have some additional stripping in the quarter, as well, because we're anticipating a heavy volume year. So we accelerated a little bit of that, we believe. But I think those probably are the primary drivers that Anne outlined.
Ward Nye: No, Ted, look, I hear you. I mean, the only thing I can say is its still April. And I think just changing a full year EBITDA number, on last time I checked EBITDA numbers the people thought were pretty healthy EBITDA numbers, just didn't feel right in March, April. And as I said we can come back and revisit that here in the next quarter. But we just felt like until we had one more quarter under our belts, let's just watch this.
Ward Nye: Yes, what I was saying is that if I was looking across major and minor markets, I think what I was essentially saying is, I wasn't seeing anything that wasn't up at least 10%. So I was really bracketing on the lowest end, just to give you that lowest denominator.
Ward Nye: I guess, Ted, what I would say is you still got in most markets in Texas markets that are below our corporate average. And so what I would tell you is you're seeing higher percentage movement in the West than the East. But you continue in my view to have more room in the West to move at higher percentages. So if I'm looking at these percentages they're very attractive. If I'm looking at the prices, they're getting candidly to what I feel like is a much more acceptable and appropriate level. But I also still believe in a number of those markets you've got a lot of room ahead of you.
Ward Nye: It's going to continue to be strong in large part, because let's think of it two different ways Adam. Number one they continue to have the billion dollars from Prop 17 profile. Let's keep in mind too, Texas is a fiscal year that ends in August, not June. So it's different than many of our states. We've got an $8 billion or call it $9 billion budget this year that's coming on the tail of a couple of three record DoT budgets in Texas. So what I would tell you is anybody who tells you what they think Texas is going to be next year and the year after is going to be wrong, because if we looked at Texas, and we went back two or three years and did that same look forward, we too would have been wrong. It’s just consistently been better than anyone would have thought. And part of what I find moving and what's going on in Texas right now that $1.1 billion that's already been basically dedicated for this year under Prop 1, when we come back and look at what that means it's $85 million in Austin. It's $82 million in Dallas. It's $206 million in Houston, and its $147 million in San Antonio. So if we think back over the last several years on the part of Texas that was not getting as much infrastructure as some of the others, it was places like San Antonio that now have a toll system, and they didn't before and they're seeing a good slug from Prop 1. So as we're looking at infrastructure in Texas right now, what our team in Texas would tell me is Ward we've got two, three or four years of good work ahead of us right now.
Ward Nye: Actually if you think about it our outlook is for non-res to be in the high single digits, and for res to be in double-digit growth. So I see from a growth perspective I think what we're saying in our forecast is consistent with it. What I would tell you too is the mix of business that we have from a pure bucket perspective, would call it 45% infrastructure, 30% non-res, and 15% res is a pretty normalized percentage. They all need to be lifted up, and that's what we're seeing. But from a pure breakdown of business geographically and end use across our company and our business, we don't feel bad with those percentages. We're just looking forward to more volume. We think more volume continues to create an enduring good pricing story.
Ward Nye: No, I mean, we're not. I mean, did we see some pure slow down in pure energy that's going in some of those? Yes, we do. But again, from a pure volume perspective, Texas just so much outweighs those. And I think the other thing that gives me some optimism about Texas, is most shale plates break even at the $50 to $60 per barrel, and $50 is I think a key threshold of pain for a lot of different areas. Texas and what's going on in Eagle Ford, is really one of the more competitive areas. So really one of the most competitive areas with the biggest volume for us, is again we think back to the 2012 level that we view relatively attractively. So could there be some headwinds in Niobrara? Maybe. Could there be some headwinds in Marcellus? Maybe. Do we continue to believe those are offset by other non-res activity and res? We feel very strongly that it will.
Ward Nye: Absolutely Mike. What we'll do, let's talk a little bit about what we think happens with kiln maintenance because as you outlined Mike, forecast $5.4 million, actually that is what we spent in Q1, $2 million forecast in Q2, $11.2 million in Q3, and $10.3 million in Q4. What we had told you that we would do early in the year was around $33.3 million worth of kiln expense for the year. We think we're coming in now at $28.9 million. So it's going to be about a $4.4 million difference, as a practical matter that's just looking at the way the marketplace is moving. I think the challenge is that you're seeing in cement in those March numbers were more weather and location driven than anything else. I do think west Texas is clearly a very different cement market than the cement markets in which we participate. So to the extent that those are almost purely energy driven, we are not going to feel that pain. I think we come back to the notion that we discussed Mike, and that is almost under any mathematics we see, Texas is almost $4 million on domestic supply short this year. So from a pricing perspective, I think we're going to be in fine shape. That doesn't concern me.
Ward Nye: We were at $8.1 million in Q3 last year, and it looks like there was none in four last year, I believe those are the numbers. And then again there would have been spend in Q1 and Q2 last year, but we don't have those.
Ward Nye: Well, we feel like from a volume perspective, California volume was up 9%. So again, we're seeing good volume growth in California right now. I think that goes back to the question that Timna asked as well, relative to what are you seeing there, when do you think, what's going to happen with pricing in that market. And that type of almost double-digit volume number up, is what gives us the continued confidence that market is on its way back to a supply demand equilibrium.
Ward Nye: You are Mr. Cement today, Mike. And across what we're seeing across our enterprise right now is probably something in the low to mid-80s, particularly coming out of Q1. So we're obviously looking to ramp those up as you may recall from our Investor Analyst day. We view 90% as a world class number, and our aim is to get it there.
Ward Nye: Danielle, thank you. And thank you all for joining our first quarter earnings call. We are excited about the first quarter trends in case you couldn't tell, and we're going to work hard to build on this momentum throughout the year. We look forward to discussing our second quarter results with you in July. Thanks for your time today, and for your continued support at Martin Marietta.
Anne Lloyd: And Garik, this is Anne. I would remind you that we had about $13 million profit impact of weather on the West Group in the quarter.
Anne Lloyd: That's really north Texas. If you throw that, or add that back in, and you've got a pretty decent incrementals.
Anne Lloyd: This is a reminder Craig, the dolomitic lime that we produce in mag specialties is the product that really most directly goes in to steel. We are actually a purchaser of dolomitic lime to supply our chemicals business. So we do believe if there is some dislocation there, we have got room to absorb some of that in our chemicals business.
Anne Lloyd: Well, Ted if you look at slide six, we break it down between the Heritage aggregate product line, the Heritage aggregates related downstream product line, which would be the Ready Mix business and paving, and the acquired businesses. So it's all laid out for you on slide six.
Anne Lloyd: Primarily it's because of increased production volume. As Ward indicated earlier production volume was up about 12% for the quarter. And so you've got costs, you've got costs just increasing from the sheer number of tons you're producing.
