C. Howard Nye: Thanks, Jim. To conclude, we believe the United States is in the midst of a steady and extended construction recovery, and we're well positioned to benefit from the anticipated increased demand. We expect construction activity to accelerate through the balance of the year nationally, with faster growth in our key geographies due to these regions' attractive market fundamentals. As a result, we expect 2018 to be a record year for Martin Marietta. If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we'll turn our attention to addressing your questions.
C. Howard Nye: Sure. Good morning, Kathryn. Thanks for your question. You're exactly right. The heritage guidance remains exactly the same. Let me give you a sense of how to factor in Bluegrass. If we look at our guidance with Bluegrass in, let's look at shipments first, we expect shipments to range up from 12% to 14%. So, as we said in the prepared remarks, Bluegrass adds, for this year, about 13 million tons. Now let me be clear on that. Bluegrass last year did about 17.5 million, so again, that 13 million tons that we're talking about is only for eight months of this year. We expect the ASP, when you look at Bluegrass and Martin Marietta together, to range from up 2% to up 4%. Now, remember, heritage is actually up 3% to 5%. So we are reaffirming that heritage aggregates increase. The reason that we're taking the overall from 3% to 5% to 2% to 4% is the Bluegrass average selling price of $12.32 a ton is 10% to 15% below our corporate average. So we're simply averaging that out. Kathryn, if you look at SG&A, there is no change to our original guidance. If you look at interest expense, that's up about $10 million. That simply reflects the incremental borrowing on the $1.4 billion bond deal that Jim referenced in his opening comments. So, if we look at an adjusted EBITDA, it's been revised upward in the range of $80 million. So, to the part and essence of your question, Bluegrass itself is going to add about $86 million to that, plus what we believe will be realized synergies in this calendar year of about $7.5 million. Remember, we had said we will get operating synergies of $15 million, but we said we'd get that in the full 12 months. So we think, in this calendar year, 2018, we'll get about $7.5 million of that. Now, to your point, we do have a divestiture impact. So, as I commented in my opening comments, we have already sold the operation in Forsyth County, Georgia. We're in the process now of going through a sale for the Beaver Creek quarry in Maryland. We believe the divestiture impact is going to be about $8 million a year. And one thing I think is important for me to say in this regard, as we look at the divestitures that were required, candidly we came into the transaction and knew there might be a couple of quarries that would be divested in this transaction. That's exactly what we have seen as we've gone through the process. We certainly value the Forsyth quarry that we had to sell, but for what it's worth the Cumming quarry that we've now picked up among others in North Georgia is about 3.5 times more profitable than Forsyth one's. So, again, as we look at the divestitures and look at the overall transaction, it makes all of the financial and strategic sense that we thought it made before. And as a reminder, EBITDA margins in this business should be 50%-plus. And the other thing that I'll specifically draw your attention to is there's not a change in the CapEx guidance. So, one of the questions that we got, Kathryn, it might have been from you when we announced this transaction, is how much did we see this deal changing the rhythm and cadence of our CapEx. Our comments at the time was this was a well-run, well-maintained business, thus no change in the CapEx guidance. So I hope that commentary helps you fill that bridge out, Kathryn.
C. Howard Nye: Well, as I said, Cumming is going to sell probably about 3X the volume and more than 3X in EBITDA profitability. It's simply a larger quarry and a bit farther out insofar as there's actually development that's going on around it. So, from our perspective, we like both Forsyth and we like Cumming, but we're very happy to have the Cumming quarry going forward. And if you're looking at Beaver Creek quarry all by itself, it's a relatively small quarry. It's close to our Boonsboro operation, thus the required divestiture. That's a quarry that's looking about 300,000 tons on a per annum basis. So it's not significant tonnage at all in the grand scheme of things, Kathryn.
C. Howard Nye: Absolutely, Kathryn. There are a couple of things. If we look at the change in average daily tons in the quarter, it was actually remarkably predictable, which is one reason that we feel as confident as we are. We're sitting almost precisely where we thought we would be. So, if you go back to the guidance that we gave in February, we said we thought Q1 would be more normal and that's what we were anticipating for the balance of the year. So, if we look at what January shipments look like relative to changes in average daily tons, January was down 7%. If we look in February, and again this ties to the commentary that I gave that, number one, it was normal almost everywhere except in Texas, it was the heaviest rain month in record-keeping history for February. Shipments were down 14%. Then we go into March and suddenly shipments were up 2% over, as you recall, last year was not a March that anyone would have been ashamed of. So we like the rhythm and cadence of what we see. It's always been our custom and practice not to talk specifically about months in the next quarter. I know others have done that. I will tell you that the general view of, if the weather is clear, shipping is good, is certainly a mantra that we do not disagree with. So I'll leave it at that and I hope that that's responsive to your question.
C. Howard Nye: No, absolutely. And, Phil, that actually ties into a piece of Kathryn's question that I inadvertently left out. We are seeing federal and public work pick up, and we're seeing that pickup in states that are actually pretty important to Martin Marietta. So, if we're looking at letting activity right now in Texas and we're looking at letting activity importantly in North Carolina, it's looking as attractive as I've seen for a while. Our DOT Secretary here in North Carolina started the year last year with about $2.3 billion worth of money he needed to get into the system and needed to get it there quickly. As he came into the year, he had about $1.6 billion left of that by end of the fiscal year, which for him is in September, and anticipates having only $1 billion of that left. From where we sit, that is very attractive news. The other thing that I'll say is the gas price increases that we have seen in states like South Carolina and Indiana, have also picked up work in those states. So, if we're looking at states that matter disproportionately to Martin Marietta, our largest state by revenue is Texas and that letting schedule is going to go from $6.2 billion last year to about $7.9 billion this year. Keep in mind, we're going to see more Prop 1 money this year than we've seen for a while because of oil activity, and we're also going to see that Prop 7 money starting to come in. So, Texas, from a public perspective, has a very attractive outlook. Colorado is going to have an attractive outlook as well. One shift there, we're seeing fewer jobs, but larger jobs. And we like the larger, more complicated jobs because suddenly the certainty of supply becomes critical on those jobs, so we like what we're seeing in Colorado. North Carolina is next, we've talked about that. Next would be Georgia and Florida. Again, Florida's got a near-record DOT budget this year. The other thing that I would say relative to what we're seeing in Florida is we're seeing very nice activity relative to Interstate 4 and what they call, I-4 Beyond the Ultimate. So, this year, Florida DOT is sitting on about a $10 billion DOT budget, which is modestly off a record budget from last year. So, again, as we rack up the states that are most important to North Carolina on the public piece of it, it's lining up again the way that we thought it would. Remember, we finished last year with less than 40% of our volume going to public. That was a record low. We do not expect that to be replicated this year. The other piece, Phil, that I would say is when you're looking at DOT work, something to keep in mind is that tends to be, as we said in our prepared remarks, the higher specification product that tends to come with a higher average selling price, as does stone that's going to residential. So the more we see single-family residential continuing to move in positive ways, particularly in the Carolinas, Georgia, Colorado and the like, that will be helpful, not just on volumes going out the door, it'll be helpful on ASPs as well. I hope that's helpful to you, Phil.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. We'll certainly come back and look at mid-year price increases as we get closer to that point in time. Keep in mind, as I said in our prepared remarks, we did have a host of price increases that went into effect in April. I think, really, watching to see how tight some of these markets are as we get closer to mid-year is going to be the driver on some of that. Look, I think Colorado may well be a tight market this year. I think portions of the Southeast may see some tight markets this year, again, in many respects, because those markets have been so far off of midpoint for a while that producers in some respects may have to hustle to put more stone on the ground. One area in particular, I'm going to shift on you just a bit, Phil, and talk about Texas and cement. I do think this is likely to be a year that cement is going to be tight in Texas. We'll have to see what that means relative to a host of other activity in that state and relative to cement pricing itself. But I do think you're going to see some good, steady spots of tightness this year. I think that will certainly lead us to be reflective on mid-year price increases, and we will talk more about that during our next call.
C. Howard Nye: We're not seeing notable inflation that's really affecting that business. As I said in our commentary, the biggest issue that we had in the quarter is February was wet, and we had a longer outage this year than we have in the past. We actually had a clinker cooler project that was underway that does several things for us. It lets us lower maintenance costs going forward and lets us lower energy costs going forward. So we were clearly down longer in Q1, so a lot of what you were seeing is just a lack of operating leverage, as opposed to any other significant inflation factors that are in that business. Again, we think this is going to be a pretty attractive cement volume year in Texas, and we think and believe it will be tight. And actually the fly ash shortages that we've seen in Texas, while we think those will abate to a degree as we go into the year, will certainly not be fully abated and I think continue to help our volumes in cement.
C. Howard Nye: Adam, thanks for your question. I'll try to take it in order of revenue. Look, Texas, from a cycle perspective, has hit a pretty sustainable level I think right now. I think Texas clearly has growth potential ahead of it. I don't doubt that. But as I look at, at least, where they were relative to history, the cycle is relatively healthy in Texas, because at least it's above a mid-cycle state. But if we go back to what mid-cycle looked like and we go back to what population looked like in Texas when they were at mid-cycle, those continue to be the drivers that make me have a great deal of confidence in the way that marketplace is going to look, not just now but for the next several years. If you look at what PCA is saying relative to growth in Texas, not just this year but for the next two and three years, PCA is projecting nice, steady cement growth in that marketplace. Now, Colorado has been a spectacular market for us. And Colorado has been a spectacular market for us at volumes that are still below mid-cycle in a state that is watching depletion hit reserve deposits pretty significantly. Now, keep in mind, we are exceptionally well-positioned, I would submit positioned better than anyone else in the sector to make sure we can continue to serve that marketplace through long-haul transportations, specifically coming in from Wyoming into that Northern Denver marketplace. Population trends in Colorado continue to be very, very strong. And one of the things that we've mentioned in the past is, oddly enough, aggregate pricing in that state is still considerably below our corporate average. So part of what we've indicated is, given depletion scenarios and the fact that you're seeing high population growth in that state, residential continues to be very good. We believe public is going to be good. We think that's still a state that has a nice way forward. As you look at other states that are important to us, and looking at the slide that you referenced, on slide 12, looking at North Carolina and Georgia, I mean, those are states that from a gross profit perspective are disproportionately important to us. And, obviously, Georgia is becoming even more important with the acquisition of Bluegrass. We like what we're seeing in both of those states, and we like the profitability of both of those states, despite the fact that we're 20% below mid-cycle. So again, if you look at what population trends are doing in North Carolina and Georgia and what projections are over the near-term, medium-term and long-term, we're very excited about our positions in both of those states and we're delighted with the increased presence that we have, particularly in Atlanta today. Again, if we go back to some of the other core states that we have, Iowa, one of the single most stable states that we have in our footprint and the chart certainly reveals that. South Carolina, with what they've done on their gas tax, certainly in a position to continue to grow what they're doing, but they are at mid-cycle. But, again, looking at places like Florida, Maryland, and Indiana and where they are relative to mid-cycle, but what they are all doing with respect to public works, we feel like those are very attractive states for us and the population rank, fiscal health and the type of footprint we have in those states will be our friend in the near-, medium-, and long-term, Adam.
C. Howard Nye: Look, that's a perfectly fair question and a good one. We did see a Q1 impact from what was happening, or more to the point, what was not happening relative to rail. So if we're looking at the Southeast Group, it cost us about 340,000 tons. If we're looking at the West Group, it cost us around 300,000 tons. And the performance issues that we saw were increased delays in trains, increase in cars held, and longer load times. I mean, those were the three primary drivers. Now part of what happened too is, on March 16, the Surface Transportation Board requested the Class 1 railroads to give them an outlook on how they were going to address some of these issues. And actually, if you look at what those responses entail, BNSF said that they expected to hire around 2,000 employees company-wide in 2018. UP is looking at a very similar number. Norfolk Southern actually hired 1,100 people last year. They're looking to hire, we believe, around 1,400 more in 2018. Here's the quick answer to your question. It's already better than it was in Q1. So, is it getting better? Yes. Is it getting measurably better? Yes. Do we feel like because of the sheer quantum of material that we move by rail that we're going to be better positioned than most to work with the railroads to make sure this is minimized and perhaps back at status quo in several months? We certainly hope so. And again, the progress that we have seen to-date in working with every one of the railroads has been notable and we're very grateful for their efforts in that regard.
C. Howard Nye: Jerry, thanks for the question. I guess, a couple of things. Number one, it's the second largest we've ever done. So, TXI still has the ribbon or being the largest. So this is the second largest. Obviously, we closed on this last Friday. What I will tell you is the integration process has gone exceptionally well. Part of what you've heard us saying the past year is, when we're integrating a stone business, if we can close on a Friday, by Monday morning when trucks go over our scales, they should see a Martin Marietta sign out front. They should be getting a Martin Marietta ticket. Our employees will have been trained and that business will in large part have been integrated, and that's exactly where we are. Here's what we're seeing. We have brought on an incredibly talented group of employees. We're delighted to have them. From what we can tell, they're delighted to be here. There will clearly be efficiencies that will come from this transaction both in Bluegrass legacy and in heritage Martin Marietta. One of the things that we try to make sure that we don't do is going to a transaction with what has historically been called the arrogance of the acquirer. So, if we find things that we feel like they're doing that are better than what we have been doing historically in Martin Marietta, we will absolutely positively adopt it, and likewise in the other direction. Part of what I like about this transaction is we have integration activities going on in three different divisions of Martin Marietta at the same time. So we have the Mideast Division, we have the Mid-Atlantic Division and the Southeast Division, all going through a process of integration. The reason that I like that is we get a great cross-section of communication and exposure to these operations. So we have very experienced division presence who are overseeing each one of those divisions, all the districts involved, and again, we like the talent very much. So we sit here today actually more enthusiastic about what was already a very enthusiastically received transaction today than we felt about it nine months ago when we announced it, Jerry.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. There can certainly be some areas if you end up with varying degrees of tightness because of that, that you could see that opportunity. If you look at the way our long-haul business works, Jerry, it's a practical matter. There's going to be some long-haul in some parts of the company, principally in the Midwest, that's going to be more ballast-oriented as opposed to commercial stone-oriented. So, if you're looking at the markets that could potentially be impacted by what you're speaking of, could it be portions of South Texas? Yeah, it actually could be. Could it be portions of South Georgia? Yes. Could it be portions of Florida? The answer to that question is yes as well. But, again, we'll have to see how that plays out during the course of the year. But keep in mind, I have said that there will be parts of the country today that may experience varying degrees of stone shortages in different sizes, and those will certainly be factors that will be calculated into what could potentially happen with pricing, supply and demand in different markets.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. Timna, well, first of all, thank you for your question. Secondly, if we look at what our debt to EBITDA ratio is, Jim gave you, in his prepared remarks, where it was at the end of the quarter. Obviously, at some point shortly after that, we closed on a large transaction, as you noted. Our debt to EBITDA ratio now is about 3 times. If we look at where we think that's going to be by the end of the year, we think it's going to be down to about 2.5 times. Part of what you've heard us say through a cycle, Timna, is we'd like to be in that range of 2 to 2.5 times as we go through a cycle. So what I'm taken by is you do the second largest transaction in the company's history at $1.625 billion and, literally, within eight months, through the cash generation and others that's being thrown off of that business, we're back into a targeted debt to EBITDA ratio. What I would say to you is this, if you look at what our capital priorities are, they haven't changed. Our capital priorities are what's the right transaction. And we think doing the right transaction is the most value-accretive thing that we can do for our shareholders, not any transaction, the right transaction. We're also sensitive to making sure that we're investing in the business prudently. So, part of what we're doing this year is investing nearly $0.5 billion in CapEx into our business. Again, that number has not changed from what we came into the year saying. Now, one thing I will note, Timna, is we can pull back on that CapEx if we need to. So we think we're investing prudently. And the next is making sure that we're returning cash to shareholders. And that's through two things, a sustainable dividend and buying shares back. Keep in mind, I think we might have been one of the only companies in our space, if not the only company, who through the downturn never cut its dividend. And what you've seen us do the last couple of years is very steadily take that dividend up. Again, that's a board decision. Our board will be looking at that again in August. So, from capital spent and other perspective and what our policies are, they have not changed in your views on how quickly the business de-levers is exactly right.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. I guess what I would say, Timna, is I do expect there would be more transactions. If you think back to what we've said last year, we had said last year that we felt like it would be a year of fairly large transactions, and it was. My sense is that's not what you'll see this year. And I think you're going to see something that's more of a traditional year where you're likely to see more bolt-on acquisitions in smaller, more discrete markets. That's what I would expect to see this year and, candidly, that's what I might expect to see even through a good portion of next year. So, if I'm sitting here just measuring the way that I'm looking at it, there's certainly a good number of conversations that are underway right now. So, owners of businesses and others are certainly interested in dialogues. At the same time, we intend to be thoughtful and measured and appropriate in the transactions that we look at. But, again, I'm not seeing large transactions in the immediate future.
C. Howard Nye: They are exciting opportunities. And part of what it's allowed us to do is continue to look at higher margin portions of that business for us. If you think about what that business is, it's really two very different things that come together to form that business, Timna. You've got a dolomitic lime operation in Woodville, Ohio and you've got a chemical plant in Manistee, Michigan that's making a product that has the capacity to serve industrial uses in the United States, but also has a capacity to serve that on a worldwide basis. One of the biggest issues that business has is one of capacity, and we will continue to look at that to see if we can find ways to grow that business. But I will tell you, part of what we referenced a little while ago on one of the questions is how steady our Midwest business has been all the way through cycles. This business, too, has been remarkably steady through cycles. So we look at this business a little bit like you do the Hippocratic Oath, and that is, first, do no harm. This is a tremendous business that has margins that we and that management team are very proud of. And to the extent that we can grow it, not only would we like to, we've got a management team there that certainly has the capacity to do it. So, that's my quick take on that, Timna. That may not give you all the granularity that you wish, but I'm probably not going to give you that today, anyway.
C. Howard Nye: No, absolutely. Look, we're very proud of having now a leading position in Maryland. If you think about what we said for a while, Scott, if we go back over the last eight years of our business, in 2010 when we rolled out our first version of SOAR, our Strategic Operating Analysis and Review, our long-term strategic plan, we had a one or two position in 65% of our markets in at least the way that we characterize them. Today, we have a one or two position in 90% of our markets, and one of the areas in which we did not have that one or two position was Maryland. And this transaction clearly changes that. Several things that I would say. Number one, any state that borders the Chesapeake Bay is always going to have relatively high barriers to entry, because you're going to have a pretty sensitive environmental community that's there. You also have a large community that simply lives there and you have a large community who needs to move around that state and come into either D.C. or farther up into the Northeast Megaregion. From our perspective, Governor Hogan's proposal of $9 billion worth of P3 projects in interstate expansion in the Baltimore-Washington corridor are the types of projects that we anticipated as we went into Bluegrass. So, as we look at the business, several things. One, we think Maryland is an attractive state, period. Number two, we think Maryland's going to be a particularly attractive state on the public side of it, and we think it's going to be that way for a while. And we think using both P3 and traditional funding will continue to make that very attractive. So, from where we're sitting, Maryland now being the number one state for us, and really one of our big nine states, we're very happy with that. And you'll recall, too, from that earlier slide when we were looking at where states are relative to the midpoint of the cycle, Maryland continues to be, let's call it, 30% below or 20%-plus below on mid-cycle demand. So we feel like we've acquired a good business in good areas at the right time. But that gives you some color around Maryland that I hope is helpful.
C. Howard Nye: Again, I hate to speak to very specific regions on what we think will or won't happen to pricing. I mean, as you know, typically high barriers to entry, which Maryland has, and good population growth, which Maryland has, and depleting reserves, which I think Maryland will be faced with, creates its own form of an economic environment. And I think we have a leading position in that type of an evolving economic environment. And I'll leave it up to you to sort out how you want to model that.
C. Howard Nye: It's going to be interesting, because if we look at what pricing on the aggregates side has done in Texas over the last several years, pricing in that state has actually moved upwardly in aggregates in a fashion that clearly has exceeded the corporate average. As I indicated before, I think this will actually be a year where cement may end up being tight in that state. It'll be curious to see how that goes through the overall marketplace there. Again, with the market position that we have in attractive places like Dallas-Fort Worth and San Antonio and Houston, where population demographics, infrastructure spend, and non-res and res continues to be very strong, I think you've got a circumstance where you're still dealing with a marketplace that's selling stone for around 75% of our corporate average. Particularly in Dallas-Fort Worth, I want to make sure we're getting good value for our product, because we do have a diminishing resource in that marketplace, and making sure that we're being responsive and responsible relative to pricing that's going to be important for us. Again, as I look at historically over the last several years, I like what I've seen. If I look at what I think could be market tightness on cement, we'll see how that plays out during the course of the year.
C. Howard Nye: Craig, again, what I try not to do is go into months outside the quarter, because if you ever do that and then you don't do it, people will read things into it that at times are accurate or oftentimes aren't. So what I'm trying to do is just stick to the quarter. I'll tell you about the next one when it rolls around. But I did try to give you as much of a drive-by as I could by saying, look, when the weather is good, the shipments are good. And you can look at what the forecast has been and probably come up with a snapshot of how it's been. But it's a beautiful day in North Carolina.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. We forecast and reforecast about every month. And we have good conversations, not just with our teams that are on the ground in these different quarries or districts or divisions, but also with our customers. We have one of our largest customer events in April. And our division presidents and I spend several days with our largest customers there and visit with them. I can tell you from their perspective on what their backlogs look like, I think they're feeling like they have the richest backlogs that they've had in a long time. I think they have a high degree of confidence and optimism in the year. And from our perspective, when our customers are feeling good, that certainly improves our outlook. And number two, when we're hearing and seeing from the different DOTs the types of dialogue and numbers that we're seeing, and again, in particular some of the DOTs that are most important to us, TxDOT and NCDOT, when we have customers that are as confident as our customers are and we have DOTs that are being as aggressive as I see some of these states being in getting work out, that's a very attractive spot for us. And again, if we look at what infrastructure's been for the last several years, it has been way off of what historically we would have seen. And keep in mind, given the FAST Act dollars are there, and I believe we're starting to see those coming through, and we have amped up state programs and we have amped up local programs, I think that trifecta holds great promise for us this year.
C. Howard Nye: Well, really what we've been talking more about today than anything else is what's going on relative to supply in that marketplace. And I think, several things. One, did fly ash being back into a bit of a corner make cement a bit tighter in Texas? It has. Does housing staying strong in that market make cement tighter? It does. Does TxDOT ramping up their budget over $1 billion, or their letting program, make it a bit tighter? It does. So I think there are a host of reasons that we believe Texas cement is going to be pretty healthy this year. I mean, as we look at it right now, that North Texas market, frankly, is just sold out. And, we mentioned in one of the earlier calls, we've opened a new terminal in South Texas at New Caney. So we have some different outlets this year, as opposed to outlets we've had in years past. So we think, as we look at sheer volumes this year both in the north, central and, to a degree, in the south, it's just a more attractive year.
C. Howard Nye: About $5 million of that was interest on the income or the $1.4 billion worth of borrowing, and that's the biggest piece of it. The other was just income on equity investments.
C. Howard Nye: Sure. No, look, I appreciate the question. A couple of things. I'll look at the mix impact both relative to product and geographic, and look at it through those two lenses and then try to fuse them together for you. If we look at what the product impact was, and the product impact probably had about a 30 bps adjustment, and geographic impact probably about 80 bps. And both of those were headwinds as opposed to tailwinds. So, cumulatively, about 110 basis points of headwind relative to pricing, which really gives you about a $0.16 per ton headwind. So, if we look at what the ASP growth would have been, assuming the same mix that we had in the prior year, it would have been about 3.4%, again, ahead of a host of April 1 price increases. And that 3.6%, even early on in the year would have had us within, albeit on the low end, but within the range of what we thought pricing would be for the full year. So, when we look at it through that lens, we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we've put out.
C. Howard Nye: We feel like the Georgia market this year is going to be healthy on both private and public. Remember, one of the issues that Georgia was faced with a couple of years ago is they went through what's referred to as House Bill 170, where they effectively doubled their DOT budget, adding an incremental $900 million to that. That was actually two years ago. And if you look at the rhythm and cadence of spend, even on the FAST Act, that type of 18, 24 months, sometimes a little bit longer trail time, is not unusual in seeing those dollars get more into the system. So, again, we feel like Georgia, both public and private, will be very attractive this year. And we think our new augmented position, particularly in North Georgia, is going to be well situated to benefit from that.
C. Howard Nye: Thank you, again, for joining our first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Guided by a commitment to our core values and disciplined execution of our strategic plan, we remain focused on elevating Martin Marietta from an aggregates industry leader to a globally recognized world-class organization, allowing us to deliver enhanced value to our shareholders. We look forward to discussing our second quarter 2018 results with you in July. Until then, we thank you for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta. Take care.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, Ward, Jim, Suzanne. I'm wondering if you could talk about the guidance revision, so the EBITDA raise of $80 million, sales raise of $140 million, so that implies 56% incremental margin. Is that the true margin profile of Bluegrass? I'm assuming there are other moving pieces in there, but maybe you could flesh that out for us.
Jerry Revich: And the rail service issues, lots of folks across a number of industries are seeing constraints come up. I'm wondering if you can talk about it, if you see an opportunity to realize better pricing as a result of supply constraints, as we get through the course of 2018. And if so, if you could highlight the regions where you think that might be possible, if you're willing to opine.
Jerry Revich: Okay. All right. Well, thank you very much, and congratulations on closing the second biggest acquisition and thank you for the correction on this one.
