C. Howard Nye: That wasn't material, because in large part, when we bought Ratliff is we're buying ready mixed operations that were in the golden triangle. So, if you think about that, you're really looking at two different groups, one between i-35 DFW down to the Austin corridor and another from the I-45 DFW to College Station corridor. So, that's really the void that you're filling with that. If we're looking at volumes for the quarter, it's a surprise to come out that we we're looking at about 2.2 million cubic yards. So, they were up over prior year, I'm going to say, about 0.5 million yards of that for the second half of the year were attributable to Ratliff. If we're looking at ready mixed shipments for the full year, it was about almost 8.5 million cubic yards.
C. Howard Nye: Sure. We'll certainly try. And again, these numbers tend to move around a little bit, Kathryn. If you look at full year for 2016, it was $20.5 million. And the rhythm and cadence of it in 2016 were as follows: $6.2 million in Q1; $4.6 million in Q2; $1.9 million in Q3; and $7.8 million in Q4. So, again, that was 2016. If we look at the way they rack up right now for 2017, we're thinking it's going to end at about $17.2 million. And we think the spend is going to roll at about $4.2 million in Q1, $3.3 million in Q2, $2 million in Q3, and $7.6 million in Q4.
C. Howard Nye: The short answer is, I think, it's probably going to be more linked to tax reform than it is anything else. I think it's a practical matter. The rollout and the conversation around the BOLD Act is going quite well. And as you would imagine, we're going to talk to a lot of people about this. You're going to have to talk to the administration. Dialogue's underway, you're going to have to talk to people in the House and in the Senate. Perhaps, the most important part of the conversation to those is going to be with users, because while we want to go in and advocate from it, from people who supply infrastructure materials, what's even more important is, when you hear from UPS or FedEx or others, who are actually using the highways, bridges, roads and streets and be effective with this, what I'll tell you, that's been heartening about it is we haven't found anyone who looks at this act and feels like there's some major problem with it. I mean, everybody sees something here or there. And they might want to tweak it in some respect. But if you think back to it, Rohit, the issue traditionally has been, people have said, look, we would like to spend more on infrastructure, just show us how. And I think what's happened with the BOLD Act is most people, who have had the conversations around it have come away with the view that this is innovative, this is different. It attacks it in some ways that are important, and keeps it tied principally to user-type fees. So, if you think back to really the way the BOLD Act is at least built from the ground up. You're looking at several different pieces of it. Number one, the initial notion is you can actually cut the gas tax. And that's something that usually gets some attention on the right to begin with. Then we come back and look at least at putting in a 6.25% highway transportation services tax. It's really going toward those big trucks that are moving goods on the highways. And again, that ties very directly to what we've seen as a tax in air freight in the United States. Then there was a component of it raising the oil spill liability tax to about $6.75 per barrel. And then there was also an aim to make sure that we're getting some degree of funding coming from electric vehicles. Because if you think about the electric vehicles, they're wearing off the roads, the same way that the gasoline or a diesel car does, but they're not paying for that wear and tear. When we look at the different buckets of moneys that roll up from that, and PWC is looking at that for us, as we speak, it is a pretty meaningful contribution. So, again, we think this rolls out with tax reform. The dialog is going well, the information sessions, we believe, are going well. And again, we haven't had anyone, who's looked at this, who feels like they have a fundamental issue with it.
C. Howard Nye: Well, actually, I think the only thing that you saw for the quarter is you did see a different rhythm and cadence as we went through the quarter on the way the volumes worked on the months. So, if you think about incrementals for the fourth quarter, number one, October, which is usually the industry's busiest month was not our busiest month or the industry's, because of weather and because of Hurricane Matthew. So, then what happens is suddenly November turns into the big month for the quarter. November is obviously going to be effective, because you've got Thanksgiving, and you've got colder weather coming in, in November. And then we had a real winter in portions of December. Those will affect what the incrementals look like for the quarter all by itself. If we pause and look at what the incrementals looked like for the entire organization last year, they were right at the 60%, which is entirely where we thought it would be. And then if you think about the parts of the country that should see stronger this year, Southeast will be stronger, the Mid-Atlantic will continue to be strong. Those will be our friends as we go through and look at incremental margins for the year. Now, in fairness, we did have a hedge in place last year relative to diesel fuel. And the hedge actually was not our friend. So, as we pause and reflect on what did the hedge mean to us for the full year, the hedge actually cost us money last year. We will not have that in place this year. So, as we go into the year, we feel like we're going to have a much better year relative to that piece of the energy. Now, it's possible you're going to see diesel or other things float up a bit. And if it does, we will certainly feel some of that, but my guess is we will not feel it the same way others did, because again, we did have that hedge in place that went the wrong direction on us last year.
C. Howard Nye: I think you just keep thinking about that 60%. So, if you think back to the way that we've talked about incremental margins, we said, from the peak of the last cycle at 205 million tons to the bottom at 125 million tons. You had an 80 million ton delta from peak to trough, and that's from the Heritage business of Martin Marietta, and our view had always been on the first 40 million tons of recovery in the Heritage business, we should have incrementals on average of 60%. And that's exactly what we're seeing.
C. Howard Nye: Sure. I'll certainly try to, Jerry. I mean, the fact is we certainly do want to grow our business. And if you look at the capital priorities that we've been very consistent around, the right acquisitions are at the top of the priority list. We are seeing a good fit of activity right now. I think you're going to see some transactions coming to the marketplace, some of which will be relatively large this year, and some of which will inevitably also be small that we will be interested in growing. We will be interested in making sure that we're putting our business in the right places. I think that's been a big differential item for us here in the fourth quarter in particular. So, you should expect us to look at that. The other thing that I would always encourage you to think about is if you're looking at businesses coming to the marketplace, you need to consider two things, number one, who has the financial capacity to do the transaction? And number two, who has the regulatory capacity to do the transaction? Obviously, I can't talk about individual specific transactions that we believe may be coming to the market this year. But at least, from our view, Jerry, we don't think, there's another business in our sector, in the United States, who's better prepared both from a financial and a regulatory perspective than Martin Marietta is. I think, the other thing that I would remind you is the transactions that we've done, whether it's been TXI, whether it's been River for the Rockies, whether it's been what we've done in Atlanta. The transactions we have done, the synergies that we have pulled from those have all met or exceeded our targets. And we feel confident, if we go through a disciplined process, and I assure you we will, we'll be turning that same type of performance.
C. Howard Nye: Most of them would tend to be in existing markets. And some of them would be aiming toward markets, where we don't have that one or two position. And you've heard me say before, if we have one or two in 85% of our markets, I would certainly like to see us as an organization, push that up toward 90%. And so I think, we'll have an opportunity to swing at that.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. I think you're going to see it look differently in different parts of the country. The fact is if we look at ready mixed pricing in Colorado right now, Colorado ready mixed pricing is actually very good. We think it will continue to get better, because, for example, we think there may well be aggregate shortages in parts of Colorado this year, which I think can help on ASP, both on the stone. And that's going to feed through and also help on the downstream. We're also seeing what I think are pretty good cement prices in both the Colorado market going up and in the Texas market, which I think will help lift ready mixed pricing as well. There's more room for ready mixed pricing in the Southwest than there is in the Rocky Mountain. And obviously we intend to make sure we're getting good value for those products. So, I think a couple of things are going to happen. I think we will continue to get price. I think the other thing that you will see us do is run those businesses in a very, very efficient fashion. I did mention in my prepared comments that we were seeing some high margin projects fall off, in large part, projects down closer to the Gulf. Now, we're not putting anything into our plan right now relative to some other large projects that are also in the Gulf that may come on during the course of the year. So, Jerry, we'll have to see how that goes. But I do think from a cost perspective, we'll do well. I think from a pricing perspective, we'll do well. And you will see some variation between the Rocky Mountain and the Southwest.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. I think that's entirely right, because keep in mind, there are plenty of DOTs that aren't even going to get people relief to go in under their spec books until at least March 15. And so, in a lot of markets, you won't even see serious mobilization until May. So, that's certainly the right way to think about it, correct.
C. Howard Nye: Again, I'm going to have to be careful, because there could be some dialogue. And I never want to go some place that I shouldn't. I think there's the prospect of some deals out there that could be more significant and bolt-on this year. I'll leave it to that, Craig.
C. Howard Nye: In large part, it is. And we'll have to see where steel is. Keep in mind steel was really running at just modestly over 70% capacity last year. Steel gets a little bit better than that. You might see some uptick there. The primary piece of that business that performed exceptionally well last year that pushed into records was the chemical piece of it. So, the dolomitic lime didn't have the same year that chemicals did. If we see steel took up a little bit, you might see something better than that.
C. Howard Nye: No, not particularly. I think it's pretty much straight up. As I said, I think you will see better volumes in portions of the Southeast this year. And that does tend to be a higher priced markets than some others. But again, I don't think you're going to see it on an average basis, moving it considerably. So, I wouldn't be concerned about that.
C. Howard Nye: That's a great question. I'm not going to say, it's a headwind right now, because there are some places, like the Permian is actually quite good right now. And if we look at what's going on, we are seeing greater activity in portions of the shale fields right now. But keep in mind, what I would say to you is normal shale demand for us should be 2 times to 2.5 times the current levels. So, if we go back to 2015, that was the last time oil was staying consistently over $50 a barrel. And if we look at what we sold into the shale fields that year, it was about 3.8 million tons. And if we look at where it was this year, it's about 1.4 million tons. So, I guess, what I would say is, I have a hard time seeing it go really below where it was. I think it's bound bottom. I think something else to keep in mind, I think this is important is to remember that these wells do have a limited lifespan. So, it's not like wells that you might see in the other parts of the world, with maximum production rates really occurring during the first 24 months. So, this is likely to be a phase of our business that if oil stays about $50, we will see it very slowly and very steadily come back over the next couple of years. But again, candidly, I don't think it gets back to that 7.5 million ton number that we were in 2014. But equally, it shouldn't be at 1.4 million tons, which is where we finished in 2016 either.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah, look, we can talk through those. Dallas/Fort Worth just continues to look like a very good market. If we think about Dallas almost in any sector, whether it's infrastructure, non-res or res, it's a market that's in very, very good shape in all them. I think Dallas is one of the country's and world's best markets today. If we go a little bit farther south and go down to San Antonio, that's a market that I think is going to have probably a better 2017 than we had in 2016. I mentioned in one of the earlier answers, we're seeing Highway 1604, some other good work in that marketplace. Keep in mind, you've got San Antonio and Austin that are very much growing together, in many respects. So, from an employment viewpoint and from an infrastructure perspective, that market looks pretty healthy. If we go to Houston, it's fascinating to me, Houston is actually still adding jobs. Clearly, that is the marketplace that has felt the duress from energy more than the others. Keep in mind though, the way our business is built for that Golden Triangle is what's most important to us, the northern portion and central portion of that from a volume perspective is actually more critical than is Houston. So, if you think about our business, are we the aggregate leader in Dallas and Fort Worth? Yes. Are we the ready mixed leader there? Yes. Are we the cement leader there? Yes. In many respects, that's same answer in San Antonio. We go to Houston, we don't have the downstream businesses, we simply have the stone business in that marketplace. So, again, we're looking at what I think is going to be good, steady, solid public work in Houston this year. I think, private's going to feel very similar to what we saw last year. I think that's going to be a slower return. But again, I'm still heartened by the fact that we're seeing job growth in Houston continue to tick up despite the overhang that energy can have in segments of that economy.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. Those are some big projects. And to give you at least a sense of how I think the rhythm and cadence of some of those could work, so what I would encourage you to think about is there are probably a handful of projects down there, Golden Pass LNG, Trunkline LNG, Port Arthur LNG, Rio Grande LNG, Driftwood LNG. And when you look at those and really a couple of more, the potential project cost on those is about $47 billion. I mean, these again are enormous jobs. If you look at what the aggregates require on those jobs can look like, again, this is what our teams have pulled together, they think it's about 17 million potential tons of aggregates. If you look at what the ready mix may tally up to, it could be about 1.6 million cubic yards. As we look at the timeframe, it looks like they could start anywhere from, let's call it, Q2 of 2017, all the way through 2018. So, if we think back to those large jobs that we saw in South Texas before and how they just rolled off and rolled on over a period of years, I think, that's very much what we're likely to see here as well. And again, to your point Adam, none of this is baked into any guidance that we've given right now. So, if any these come, then we're going to have to come back and revisit the guidance. I mean, part of what we try to do with our guidance this year is, in golfing terms, we're leaving it right in the middle of the fairway. I mean, we're trying to put something out there that we just feel like is very doable.
C. Howard Nye: Okay. Let's try to go through what we see at TxDOT. Number one, if you think back to what we spoke of during much of last year, there were more administrative delays. So, you had some delays coming from the office and you had some delays coming from what was going on or what wasn't going on relative to right of way utility and the like? Do I think TxDOT has hired a lot of people to address it? Yes. Is it getting considerably and notably better? Yeah. Is it completely cured? No. Is it probably, let's call it, 75% cured? Probably so. If we look at 25 different jobs, taxes DOT project jobs that we have, and if I look at these 25 jobs, you're looking at original bid tons on these of almost 8.3 million tons. You're still looking at tons left to go on these of almost 5 million tons. In other words you've still got about 60-ish percent of the percentage aggs on those jobs going. And of those 25, only 10 jobs were really shipping in earnest. So, what it tells you is exactly, where you're going PT. This ought to be a better story in 2017 than it was in 2016. And, again, TxDOT's looking at about a $7 billion annual letting budget this year. So, again, you're seeing big numbers come behind big numbers with big backlogs. To give you a sense of what we're thinking on Prop 7 for a second, Prop 7, we believe, is going to contribute about $2 billion to $2.5 billion by the time we get to FY 2018. And remember, August is when Texas' fiscal year starts. We think Prop 1 is going to be probably about $380 million in 2018. And that's going to be down from about $800 million in FY 2017. So, the issue isn't going to be, whether they can spend those dollars. They will certainly be able to do that. So, I wouldn't be troubled by or spending anytime doing analysis on the use it or lose it piece of that, because, I don't think that even comes into question.
C. Howard Nye: I think you'll see good FAST Act activity as soon as we start getting towards the May timeframe. I mean, I don't think you're going to see a lot of dirt being moved in January, February, March. But I think by the time we get to April and surely by the time we get to May, it'll be happening, which is why in large part, I think you hear people across the industry speaking to the notion of more of a back-half-loaded year. And I think that's one of your big reasons, PT (52:56).
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. We're seeing a lot of good light nonres, that's probably the bigger headlines. But what I'll tell you is, we're still seeing probably more of the heavy side than you would otherwise think. And it's funny to see how it rolls. For example, we're seeing a lot of big energy-type work going on in the Southeast right now. So, if we're looking at what's going on in Florida and parts of Georgia, it's actually pretty attractive. There's the Big Bend power plant in Tampa. There's the FPL natural gas pipeline that they refer to as Florida Southeast Connection. Savannah River has some things going on as well. And you've also got Georgia power plant, the McManus plant that's going through a demolition, some rebuild after that. So, again, we see fantastic work on the light side. And the way that I'd encourage you to think about that is really do it in a corridor-focused spot in your mind. So, think about the I-25 corridor in the Rockies, think about I-35 in Texas. When you get to the east, really start thinking about 85, 95, Interstate 20, Georgia 400. All of those, we're seeing very good activity. And we're seeing good activity, too, in the Midwestern United States right now. Part of what we've seen there, and this has really been a surprise to me and is part of what gives us even a more robust outlook, I believe, on what could happen on infrastructure. Historically, in places like Indiana and Ohio, the vast majority of our work there has always been public work. And what we saw this past year was a reversal of that. We really saw a considerably more private work in those markets than public. And I think we're going to see a big pick-up in public there as well. But my point to you on that is I don't think the private is going away. And I think it's going to be healthy. I think that the light side will be healthier than the heavy side. But I equally think the heavy side is going to be better than most people believe.
C. Howard Nye: No. Look, it won't float away. It's going to come in different ways throughout the year. The other piece that's hard to really gauge, Garik, is how some of the repair behind Matthew is going to work. Because there were some parts of South Carolina and North Carolina that stayed so inundated for so long. It still strikes me as amazing to see what we're doing in Colorado behind the flooding there four years ago. Because Colorado still has flood repair work this year to the tune of $290 million of related projects in that state, that many years out. So what I would say to you, is, one I don't think any work that didn't happen due to Matthew goes away. I think there's work caused by Matthew that's going to come. And I think there is likely to be work that comes from Matthew that's going to come candidly probably for the next 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 years in the eastern part of North Carolina and parts of South Carolina.
C. Howard Nye: I think the market in the Western U.S. that clearly has the most room for that is in Colorado, as we've discussed for a while. And we have been focused on that. And as you know, barriers to entry there are very high. And for us to come back and make sure that we can keep those long-term operations in place, it's a tough thing for anybody to do. So, we want to make sure we're recognizing good pricing there. I do think that spot shortages up and down I-25 may/will lead to the opportunity to look at more mid-years in that marketplace than we've seen over the last several years. If you reflect on what has happened to pricing in Dallas over the last several years, keep in mind, that was about 65% of our corporate average here 2.5 years ago. It's still not to our corporate average. So, Garik, I think there's still room for pricing to be had there. And look, I think the pricing story is still very much intact. I don't see anything materially different on it today than I would have said to you a year ago or two years ago. Keep in mind, the metric that we've always said, and frankly, we've been ahead of that metric is you could look at volume growth on a percentage basis and look at ASP growth on a percentage basis and expect them to be relatively close. And what I would remind you is we had a whopping 1.5% volume increase last year. But you saw what happened to pricing, so clearly, pricing got ahead of that. But again, if we think about what our story has been on incremental margins, it hasn't changed and we're doing exactly what we said we would do in incremental margins. And if you think about the story that we've had for years on pricing, I think we're right there. And I don't see any material change there.
C. Howard Nye: All right then. I'll talk a little bit more about price than I'll volume. I'm always sensitive to talk too much about our Cement business with granularity, because we've only got two. And when we talk too much about it, we tell the whole world, including our competitors what's going on with some of that. If we look at pricing where it ended up at the end of the year, on an average, it was right at $102. We're looking adding $8 a ton price increase. We've got some confidence around that, particularly in North Texas. So, we're going to be very focused on that. Again, if you look at the way Cement worked overall in Texas last year, cement shipments were modestly down across the state. Ours were actually modestly up, so we feel pretty good about where that's going this year as well. The other thing that I would remind you on Cement, because I think volume is going to clearly be an issue that will be even more helpful on price going forward. I mean, clearly, people believe Texas is going to be better in 2017 than it was in 2016, and we agree. PCA actually believes Texas is going to better in 2018 than it's going to be in 2017. So, we think we've got a forecast on Cement in Texas. PCA is saying up 3% in 2017. PCA is saying up 5% in 2018. So, if you've got those types of numbers up, and you still have a marketplace there that, I believe, has room on price, hopefully, directionally that gives you a sense of how we were thinking about it, Garik.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. I mean, a couple of things. One, we have had an acceleration of timing to complete the Highway 34 Rock & Rail project. As you recall, that's in Weld County. It's in north of Denver, because we want to make sure that we're meeting demand there. So, we'd like to be able to move that from what would have been – 2020 back into 2018, so we're accelerating that. If we're looking at the way that we really spent money this last year, I want to say, $41 million went into growth projects, $145 million went into mobile, about $60 million on land, and then plant replacement at about $114 million. Then you've got just a host of others. But that gives your sense of really how we're looking at this right now. So, if you look at those two things, you're seeing a disproportion spend on mobile, which makes good sense. That's incredibly safe capital. Because, if you got one market that's picking up and one market, that's slowing. The beautiful thing about mobile equipment is it's mobile. And you move it from the slower market to the more robust market. The other thing that we saw towards the end of the year is we had some OEMs, who were looking to move some inventory. And the simple fact is, we were able to be in a place to get an awfully good deal at the right time of year. So, what I believe, we did relative to CapEx is almost in keeping with conservation I was having earlier with respect to M&A. And that is we had the balance sheet, and we had the moment, and we seized the moment. So, if you go back and think about the capital priorities that we have, keep in mind organic growth in running the business from that perspective is really a high one. And making sure we're taking down our cost of goods sold is an important one for us. So, the short answer is, I think, we'll continue to invest capitally on a percentage basis, the same way that I've just discussed with you. And I do think this is a year that we might see even some enhanced opportunities.
C. Howard Nye: Stanley, I don't know if you ever saw the movie Back to School, but Rodney Danger did the Triple Lindy in that, do you remember? Yeah, there's no Triple Lindy in this one. This one's just pretty much straight up. No, we've got a lot of conviction around the price of where we've got it right now. I don't think, there's any downside in what we put out to you in pricing.
C. Howard Nye: I'll tell you what, Anne is here, and she is doing her best Kathleen Turner imitation today. So, let me let her walk through that for you.
C. Howard Nye: Thank you again for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. In sum, we're pleased that our record setting performance was achieved due to the important characteristics that differentiate Martin Marietta: our safety commitment; our strategically positioned assets in many of the nation's fastest growing regions; our ability to achieve continued and consistent pricing gains for our valuable products; and our relentless focus on cost containment. Importantly, our strong performance throughout the slow and steady economic recovery demonstrates the powerful earnings potential of our business. We're confident that the successful execution of our strategic approach of developing leading market positions, along high-growth corridors, possessing attractive near and long-term economic characteristics will continue to generate top and bottom line growth and enhance shareholder value in 2017 and beyond. Rest assured, we'll continue to focus on the operations of the company, as well as the best practices needed not only to sustain Martin Marietta as a premier aggregates company, but continue our transformation into one of the world's best companies. We look forward to discussing our first quarter results with you in May. Until then, thank you for your time and continued support of Martin Marietta.
