Jim Nickolas: Thank you, Ward. The Building Materials business achieved record products and services revenues of $3.712 billion. This is a 7% increase over 2017 and the company’s 9th consecutive year of revenue growth.  Reordered gross profit decreased slightly and included a $19 million negative impact related to selling acquired inventory after it was marked up to fair value as part of acquisition accounting. The acquired Bluegrass operations contributed $149 million of product revenues and adjusted gross margin comparable with our heritage mid-Atlantic and Southeast operations.  Overall aggregates, product gross margin was 25.8%, a 230 basis point reduction compared with the prior year. Weather disruptions and higher diesel expenses combined with lower inventory bills and the acquired inventory adjustment negatively impacted our cost and efficiency profile.  As Ward mentioned, our Texas Cement operations benefited from pricing and modest volume growth. Production efficiencies more than offset increased natural gas, freight and raw material costs leading between 100 basis points expansion of product gross margin to 32.5%.  For the third year in a row, Magnesia Specialties posted record revenues and profitability as the business benefited from strong domestic steel production and increased global demand for Magnesia Chemical Products. Notably international sales represented 35% of total chemical sales, up from 20% just four years ago. Pricing improvements and production efficiencies contributed to a 110 basis point expansion in product gross margin to 38.3%. Consistent in four, we continually evaluate our asset portfolio to insure our business is positioned to generate industry leading operational and financial performance. Accordingly, in December we recorded a $12 million noncash charge in other operating expenses for the West Group. The charge was related to asset and portfolio rationalizations within our Southwest ready mix concrete business.  Martin Marietta continues to create shareholder value through value enhancing acquisitions, prudent organic investment and the opportunistic deployment of free cash flow through growing dividends and share repurchases, all while returning to our target leverage ratio.  In 2018 we deployed $376 million of capital into our business and returned nearly $270 million to our shareholders through both an increased dividend and the repurchase of 522,000 shares of our common stock.  Since the announcement of our share repurchase program in February 2015, we have returned more than $1.4 billion to shareholders through a combination of meaningful and sustainable dividends and share repurchases.  For the 12 months ended December 2018, our ratio of consolidated net debt to consolidate EBITDA as defined in the applicable credit agreement was 2.76 times, which is modestly above the top end of our target leverage ratio.  Weather headwinds contributed to lower than anticipated fourth quarter EBITDA and as a result our leverage ratio was slightly higher than expected, despite reducing debt by $90 million during the quarter. For 2019, both higher EBITDA and additional debt repayments will drive leverage lower, placing the company within its targeted to 2.5 times leverage ratio by year end.  With that, I will turn the call back over Ward to discuss or 2019 outlook. 
Jim Nickolas: Good morning, Kathryn. As always, the first call on the capital is the right acquisition, there's no change. That will be the case in ‘19 and beyond. Beyond that reinvesting in the business, our CapEx spending should be close to flat versus ’18. We spent 376 in ’18, it will be flat in ’19, $350 million to $400 million for the same zip code.  And then next as I march down our priority list, retuning capital to shareholders. As Ward mentioned, we increased the dividend last August by 9%. It’s not a typical increase. I'd expect something larger than typical this year subject to, obviously our board approval, and then in ’18 we resumed our share repurchase program. We bought back 100 billion of our shares in ’18, we like to continue to repurchase shares in 2019 as well. And then of course, we'll continue deleveraging by paying down debt. We are above our target leverage ratio and we are going to pay down debt until we get into that range. So those are the areas we are going to focus on. As you know, our cash flow is back half loaded, so that's when most of the cash deployment will occur, and it’s kind of level set some changes in ‘19 verses ’18. We contributed $150 million in discretionary for pension plan in ‘18 that will not repeat in ‘19 and slightly offsetting that we expect our cash taxes to be closer to $90 million in ‘19 versus something closer to $30 million in ’18. So hopefully that answers your question. 
Jim Nickolas: Yeah, so it’s Jim. The primary driver, again comparing versus the prior year was the inventory build. We’ve built inventory in Q4 of ‘17 that did not repeat in Q4 of ’18 and now is about 3.2 million tons. So that was a $60 million headwind in the quarter alone. Now, I don’t like really looking at this for – you know it’s very powerful quarter-to-quarter. The inventory build change can swing results quite a bit, it did that this quarter. So its trends of nature but it did happen in this year.  The other big item we’ve got for this quarter, Q4 of ’18, higher group medical insurance costs and to a lesser degree higher workman's comp. Again, that was about $10 million for this quarter versus prior year quarter four, and I would say that's more of a – you know we're looking at you at Q4 ‘17 with pretty federal comp for those two things and so it's normalized in Q4 ‘18 this year but from a comp perspective it’s a headwind. 
Jim Nickolas: Yeah, I think we had some – in ’18 we had some EBITDA wins with some settlements and some sales of properties that helped improve our EBITDA. We don’t expect to those to repeat in ’19. So that’s what counts as the difference. Those were EBITDA not gross profit in ’18. So that’s why you are seeing the difference in ‘19. 
Jim Nickolas: Yeah, I think you are optimistic assumption is probably more accurate. We’re doing pretty good in 2019, we should have higher cash flow conversions, close to where you came out at.
Ward Nye: Good morning, Kathryn. Thank you the question. I think several things underscore our confidence. Number one, is what we see simply emerging on infrastructure. If we look at what is going to happen in Texas and Colorado and North Carolina and Florida, those are big numbers this year. If we look at Texas, they are looking at lettings of $9.6 billion this year, that's considerably over last year. Prop 7 funding is $4.2 billion, prop 1 funding at $1.3 billion, tremendous numbers. If we look at North Carolina, $4.1 billion worth of lettings and $2.3 billion of that in the Eastern North Carolina which is an important state for us.  Last year Colorado really ran into a cash flow problem that they do not anticipate this year. Last year they basically had $384 million worth of lettings; this year $653 million and next year Kathryn, $964 million. So when we're seeing those types of numbers in the infrastructure, it really does give you a lot of confidence, particularly in those states.  But the other thing that I think we feel moved by is the strength that we continue to see both the non-residential and residential. If we are looking at res total permits in our states were up 9%, which is almost double the average in the US. Single families up 7%, again 2% better than the overall U.S. and multifamily is up 15% in our markets; that's almost three times the national rate. So remember non-res in many respects we’ll continue to follow that.  So if we think about what we believe has happened with infrastructure, returning to something that feels more like a 10 year average of up nicely over at 45% of our business; a healthy non-res, good solid res and then we come back and look at simply what customers are telling us. So if we are listening to our customers, well out here is this, our customers along the Atlantic coast have three million tons more work right now than they did last year. If we are looking at Southwest that number feels more like 15 million tons and if we are looking at our aggregates business in the Rocky Mountains, last year at this point of time they had about 50% of their revenues booked, this year more like 64%.  So we’ve got some very attractive numbers, but you ask the right question Kathryn, that is how do you factor in weather? Here’s how we think about that. We're thinking and planning for wetter than usual. We are not planning for apocalyptic, but we are planning for wetter than usual. We think based on the last several years, that's simply a sensible way to go about it and then that's the way that we try to factor it. But emerging infrastructure, continued private sector gains, a full year of Bluegrass and modestly better weather is really the way that we are trying to capture the year. I hope that's helpful and responsive. 
Ward Nye: Well, I’ll ask Jim to address that with more specificity. Look the short answer is, we are going to have an embarrassment of which is a problem. So when you think about that, because if you think about the sheer cash this business kicks off, it’s very attractive. I think we are well positioned to capitalize this as we obviously raised the dividend mostly last year, but let me turn to my colleague Jim; of course he can speak to that in more detail. 
Ward Nye: Sure. I think it’s going to be an attractive pricing year this year. One thing that’s worth saying and the 3% to 5%, keep in mind when we bought Bluegrass, we said their pricing was about 10% to 15% below our heritage pricing. So when you are looking at 3% to 5% remember that's fully loaded with Bluegrass’s is pricing in there that's lower than ours. So number one, factor that in.  Number two, even if you are looking at the fourth quarter this year, and I think this is an important thing to remember from a momentum perspective. If you just look at it, optically you see pricing in the fourth quarter in the mid-two’s. If you take out some of the profit from mix that we saw on the quarter and so what I really mean by that Tray is we sold a large amount of sand in central Texas and some sand in parts of North Carolina that's simply a lower priced product.  If we really even it out, for product mix, we were seeing pricing even in the fourth quarter more around 4%, which is the same thing that we would have seen for the full year. So keep in mind that was 4% in 18 on what was basically flat heritage volume.  We are going into a year where I think volumes will be better; you know obviously we’ve done some transactions during the course of the year. So we feel very good about where we sit with pricing going into the year.  The other half of your question was relative to cement and how we see that, and as a reminder what we put out is an $8 ton cement price increase affective April 1. We feel very solid about that and where we sit on that today. I think that's particularly true in North Texas. I think we feel fine about central Texas, but I think we feel particularly strong about North Texas.  One thing that's worth adding is we have added some outlets to our cement businesses as well. As you may recall, we built a new sales yard in South Texas, near Houston at New Caney last year. We're selling both stone and cement at that facility and we will be selling some cement in West Texas out of Odessa as well. So again, we think we see a healthy pricing environment in both aggregates and instrument across our footprint. I hope that helps Trey. 
Ward Nye: No, we’re not. So the only impact that I’d rather specifically call out is what I’ve already said relative to Bluegrass, but it’s separate and distinct from that, not so much Trey. 
Ward Nye: Yeah, Trey if you go back and think about it, we actually came into ‘18 and we set the incremental would not be at 60% coming into ‘18 for a host of reasons, including what was going on we believe geographically. What we are seeing this year is more of a typical return to the types of business that we expect to see in the Carolinas, Florida, Georgia. Bluegrass obviously helps in that respect as well. So I think number one if we simply look and see where some of the geographic positioning is going to be, we think that's helpful.  Number two, you know candidly last year when you had apocalyptic whether, it was tough at times to keep the cost profile under control the way that we would typically like to. We see that being candidly more normalized this year. Energy results were spiky last year in some respects. We don't anticipate the same degree of spikiness in energy and I think we expect another very attractive year in Colorado.  One of the things that we've been able to do in Colorado over the last several years is really be very constructive commercially with what we are able to do with our aggregates business there. As you may recall, when we required that business it was actually on the lower end with some of our pricing. That's a tough market to get into and we've been very constructive. We think we are getting fair returns in that market. I think that will help our incremental as well. 
Ward Nye: Well, let’s stick to that. One, I would say relative to what's going on with the labor, let’s talk about contract and some labor. The AGC put out a survey result here not long ago and 79% of construction firms are planning to expand their payrolls in 2019. So we think that's a very, very good sign that they recognize they have to have the talent and in many instances we are simply going to have to pay more for it and that's something that we anticipated.  With respect to logistics, we do see logistics getting better. We don't see them wholly going away, but we see them remarkably better. So Nishu, if you think back to it, one of the primary issues that we ran into last year was rails and the movement of rail, because we moved more stone by rail than anyone else and what I'll tell you is the performance and the conversations that we've had, whether it’s been with CSX or BNSF or UP, have all been very, very constructive and we see a better, you know considerably better and improve transportation year in ‘19 than we saw last year.  You know the good point relative to energy and we'll talk about that for a second. We just gave you a snapshot into Q4. Q4 relative to diesel and that is the biggest single smog of what we deal with in energy. Q4 was $5.1 million higher, 23% above last year and 11% more gallons and of course the gallons for us was primarily being driven by the acquisition of Bluegrass. So here's your snapshot and here’s what I think is particularly relevant.  If we look at Jan 2019 diesel prices, they were $0.33 below where they were in Q4. So we’re surprised by that and I think you are entirely right. We're going to have probably an easier build as we go through the year. If you are really wondering how in the world we utilized that $47.5 million gallons of diesel, it’s probably worth just noting somewhere in the back and in Q1 we use 10 million gallons in Q2, 12.7 million gallons and in Q3 12.8 million gallons and in Q4 11.9 million gallons. The one thing that I would remind you is in Q1 we did not have Bluegrass.  So what I’m trying to do is give you a sense, very directly to your question, what we see happening with labor, what we see happening with transportation and what some of the inputs are relative to fuel. I’ve probably given you 10% more than you bargained for, but I hope that was helpful. 
Ward Nye: You know one thing that I would encourage you to look at is the way that these different states deal with that very much themselves and what you’ll see is, number one, I think we will have a successor bill to the fast exit. So I don't sit here with a high degree of concern around what happens in that respect.  The thing that I do think is most telling and helpful is to look more specifically at the way different states fund transportation differently and how much of what state are doing are driven either by the federal government's budget or state governments and what you’ll find when you look at states like Texas or North Carolina or Florida, is that they are remarkably not depended on what's coming out of the federal government. In fact I think some questions were put the people at NCDOT and others and they said, okay what would have happened had this federal shutdown extended? And NCDOT would have said, look, we could have kept going and we would have been just fine.  So I guess what I would say, when we refer back to that nearly $30 billion worth of funding that was passed in November, when you look at that and consider that each one of our top 10 states over the last five years has put in additional funding mechanisms and I still believe of all the things that the administration and the Congress can find common ground on, transportation infrastructure is still one of them. We look at that even beyond the expiration of the fast track right now and we do not have a high degree of concern. 
Ward Nye: Yeah, here is what I would say Phil. If they are secured and we've gotten them under contract, they are into guidance. If they are not secured and they are more of ‘sure would be nice to have’, that's not in the guide. So that that's a pretty bright line up on the way for you think about that . With respect to the tenure of these projects, they tend to be multi-year, so I think if you are just thinking about it very broadly, I would think about it in two to three year charges. 
Ward Nye: No, I think it can vary from market to market. I think there are a number of places that aggregates price increases are going into effect in April. So I think you'll see some movement there and I think there's always the prospect in different markets for mid years depending on how tight specific markets get. So I don't think we're in a position to talk specifically about where or whether those will occur, but I think it’s a practical matter. April is where I would start really pegging that type of movement in Adam.
Ward Nye: Well, I would say a couple of things. One, remember where the ready mix business is right. So we had a very wet October, in fact the wettest October in 124 years in Texas and that’s our single largest ready mix market in what historically is a very large ready mix month. So you take a pop in the chops there from Mother Nature. The other thing I would remind you is the balance of our ready mix is really up and down the front range. So what I would tell you is don't expect the line out of ready mix in Colorado, in January, February and March. So as you look at the business and its natural build over the course of the year, given the fact that a decent bit of business is rocky mountain driven. I would clearly be looking more to Q2, Q3 and early Q4 for that business. You know I did mentioned before, I think we do have a more attractive pricing environment in Texas this year than we did last year. I think I mentioned earlier that effective April 1 we are looking in many respects for $5 to $10 per cubic yard that’s going to help on the margin and the other thing that I did mention before is we have had some restructuring of that business and we've gone from five districts to three. So remember the aim is really to be in those mid-teens relative to margins and that business Adam, so that’s how I would think about that longer term. 
Ward Nye: Yeah we don’t keep it in those exact terms Craig. In many respects what I’m doing is trying to give you a snapshot of what we hearing relative to our customers with respect to their backlog. So what I’m trying to do is give a good snapshot of where those customers are saying we’ve got big work that’s coming.  This is what the work looks like compared to where it was last year. And that’s why I called out in particular over 3 million tons that customers have articulated in the mid-Atlantic division, 15 million tons in the Southwest, over 1 million tons in the Midwest and then I did talk to degree about how much business has been booked in the Rocky Mountains this year versus last year. But I'd rather not go into specifics on revenue etcetera. We’ll talk about that as they play out during the course of the year. But I think these underlying trends give you a tremendous sense and vision of where the business is likely going.
Ward Nye: We typically in larger projects what you would do is you will price on an annual basis. So you’ll go in and if it's a multiyear project you'll give prices per size, per year and then you have escalators on those as well. So the answer is yes. 
Ward Nye: What I’d said was there three along the Gulf that has been awarded to Martin Marietta and those are in our guidance. And what I’d said was there were five more that have estimated start date in 2019, but in essence we are in the running part. So again, we haven’t included any of those in our guidance or any of those in what you might view as backlog or otherwise. 
Ward Nye: The ones that are awarded are underway. So again, they would be in the guidance that we have out there today for you Craig. 
Ward Nye: You know I guess I would say a couple of things Mitch. If you look at Bluegrass pricing in Georgia, probably relatively close to our heritage pricing in Georgia. If you look at Bluegrass pricing in Maryland, probably modestly below. If you look at Bluegrass pricing heritage in Kentucky, it is below. So what we are doing is we are going across portfolio and giving you a snapshot of what it looks like when you blend it.  Obviously you can go back and look at the history that we had in earlier acquisitions when you are clearly – we try to assure that we are getting good and appropriate value for our products, you saw that in the aftermath of TXI. So I'm trying to give you a sense of what our history has been on transactions like this and what the different geographies look like. I think that probably leads you to the conclusion that you you'd like to work towards. 
Ward Nye: Well I’ll tell you, I usually talk about the quarter that we are in right now when we come back and report, so I won’t go into a lot of detail on that. The one thing that I will share with you and you probably seen it as well, is certainly what I have heard from the home builders is that they saw a pullback in Q4 when interest rates were more aggressive, but they also said that they have seen a nice pick up since interest rates have stabilized and they have a more stable view going forward.  So again, I think if we go back and look at those Resi numbers that we spoke of a little while ago and looking specifically at the permits, and four we said relative to national averages. I like where we sit and it sounds like the Home Builders are at least telling publicly the type of story that tends to work very well for Martin Marietta.
Ward Nye: I think it seen some delays, but we started to see much better activity, particularly in North Georgia last year. Remember that you’ve really got two different markets in Georgia. Market number one is Atlanta, market number two is everything else, and I think what we're going to see this year is we're going to see a better market in the Atlanta market place, which we welcome because now we have a bigger footprint in the Atlanta market. Also South Georgia has been good and steady. The T-SPLOST program that was put in place in there several years ago has been very attractive and parts of south Georgia and the activity, particularly now is being driven from the ports and a wader Panama Canal is helping that part of the state as well.  So remember Georgia is really – Atlanta and then everything else and in the other market its Georgia, it’s Florida, because again to gran it, in some respects particularly in south Georgia that we are producing finds its way into a very attractive Florida DOT market. So again, if we come back and say what are the DOT states or states from a DOT perspective that we are looking good, we would certainly put Georgia in that bucket. But we think places like Texas and Colorado and North Carolina are looking good. We think they are looking extraordinary. 
Ward Nye: You know it’s been an out sized percentage the last couple of years in large part because places that should have been a bigger percentage warrant at the normal percentages. So if you look at a place like North Carolina that’s still considerably below mid-point; in a place like Georgia that's considerably below mid-point and Maryland that’s considered to be below mid-point. As those states recover, you know frankly from a percentage perspective it may – its put taxes in a much more normalized place and number one. I think looking at it as you say bigger picture and a more holistic fashion, I think that puts Texas in a better picture. The other thing that I would remind you is we are not all over Texas, I mean our footprint in Texas is uniquely driven by what's going on in that Golden Triangle where you've got just such a disproportionate amount of people there. It was interesting, we had a large meeting of our top 100 employees in Martin Marietta several years ago and we had an economist who came in and the economist was absolutely positive that Texas was going into a recession several years ago.  And what I will tell you is all of our people who live and work and breathe in Texas, and that’s a lot of them by the way, looked at us and said, I don’t where he is coming from, but we don’t see Texas going into recession. We see that market the way that you do. We think it’s very, very attractive. I agree it’s beyond mid-point, but their population trends, their DOT budgets and otherwise dictate that they should be there. So we do not see anything in Texas that in any respect feels overbuilt to us. So I think what I would tell you is we like our Texas position and we like what we think is going to be a more return to normal for the Carolinas, Georgia and Maryland and we think that snapshot puts Texas in a very appropriate perspective and I hope that was helpful, and I know that was long-winded and I apologize.
Ward Nye: You now but if you go back over the last several years, I think Texas has had somewhere between really good pricing and good pricing, and in the spectrum of things we’ll take anything in that zip code.  I think when you compare it to Colorado, one of the candid differences is barriers to do anything heavy side in Colorado really are very, very high and I’ve commented to people before, there are three large granite quarries in Denver today and in 30 years they are probably still going to be three large granite quarries in Denver and I think that drives some of the delta between the two. What I would say is this? I think Texas will continue to be an out-sized performing market on volume. I think Texas pricing in the course of time continues to get better, and as I look at it, I wish it was modestly higher? Sure, I think anybody would wish it was modestly higher. But I like the trends that we’ve had there; I like the leading position that we have there. You know how we tend to look at a market, and if I’m thinking about the top 10 things or top 50 things that I worry about if it gives you any comfort, aggregate pricing in Texas is not on that top 50 worry list right now.
Ward Nye: Scott, thank you. As I said, we’ve been an embarrassment of riches when it comes to free cash flows and you know – but we’ll take that problem, it’s a high class one. I want to thank you all for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings conference call. Our steadfast focus on safety, efficiency and operational excellence positions Martin Marietta to deliver continued growth, success and superior shareholder value creation. We believe 2019 will be another record year for Martin Marietta, and we look forward to discussing our first quarter 2019 results with you in April.  As always, we are available for any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta.
