Jim Nickolas: Thank you, Howard. The Building Materials business achieved record quarterly products and services revenues of $1.3 billion, an 18% increase and record product gross profit of $396 million, a 37% increase. Notably, all the Building Materials product lines contributed to this broad-based growth. Aggregates product gross margin increased 480 basis points to 35.1%. This margin expansion was driven by higher prices as well as improved operating leverage from increased shipment and production levels enabled by strong demand and improved weather. The absence of the negative impact from selling acquired inventory burdened by acquisition accounting in 2018 as part of our purchase of Bluegrass Materials was an additional tailwind. As Howard mentioned, our cement operations benefited from both volume and pricing growth resulting in product revenues of $120 million and gross profit of $49 million, both all-time records. Top line improvement coupled with production efficiencies and lower fuel and maintenance costs led to a 750-basis point expansion of product gross margin to 40.6%. Magnesia Specialties product revenues decreased 13% to $59 million as chemicals and lime customers reduced inventory levels to align with current demand. However, despite the low revenues, enhanced cost control measures contributed to the 120-basis point improvement in product gross margin to 40.4%. We lowered full-year product revenues and gross profit guidance for the Magnesia Specialties business to reflect current customer activity. Our business is generating significant cash. Operating cash flow for the nine months ended September 30 increased nearly 50% over the comparable prior-year period. This improvement was driven by growth in earnings and lower contributions to our already well-funded pension plan. We will continue with the balanced and disciplined capital allocation priorities we have long followed to further enhance shareholder value and maintain financial flexibility. Those priorities remain value-enhancing acquisitions, prudent organic capital investment, and the opportunistic return of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating profile. Building on my comments about our very strong cash flows, we are pleased to report that less than 18 months after the second largest acquisition in the Company's history, we have de-levered from the Bluegrass Materials transaction and returned, as we said we would, to our target leverage ratio range of 2 times to 2.5 times. For the trailing 12 months ended September 2019, our ratio of consolidated net debt to consolidated EBITDA, as defined in our applicable credit agreement, was 2.3 times. In addition, we remain appropriately focused on returning cash to our shareholders through a combination of meaningful and sustainable dividends and share repurchases. Based on our confidence in the outlook for our business and our significant cash generation, our Board of Directors recently approved a 15% increase in our quarterly cash dividend paid in September, one of the large increases in the Company's history. Our annualized cash dividend rate is now $2.20. Together with our ongoing share repurchase program, we have returned more than $1.5 billion to shareholders since February 2015, while at the same time growing our business profitably and responsibly. Based on recent trends and our strong performance to-date, we have raised our full-year 2019 outlook. As detailed in today's release, we now expect consolidated total revenues in the range of $4.660 billion to $4.770 billion, and adjusted EBITDA in the range of $1.245 billion to $1.305 billion. With that, I will turn the call back over to Howard.
Jim Nickolas: Yes, sure. Trey, thanks for the question. And really, I'm going to try to bridge it for you using some data that pertains directly to bridges, because I think that will help get you there. Look, first of all, when you look at the ARTBA data, I think one thing that you can do is look at it into vacuum because you missed the longer run dynamics of what's happening with marketplace. So to your point, you can see some issues on a month-to-month basis that can cause swings that actually belie the longer-term trends. So look -- if you look in September of 2018, Colorado had $1.5 billion of awards versus an average of $40 million. So if you've got just a number in a month like that, it can move things around pretty considerably. So I think what you're referring to is when ARTBA came out and said, look, we're looking at trailing 12 months of highways, bridges and tunnels, and at the end of September, they said, it's down 4.5%-ish. What's happening within that is this, if you look at bridges and tunnels and that's back to my note, my observation with you on really bridging this, bridging and tunnels -- bridges and tunnels are down almost 13%, trailing 12 months of highways down 2.1%. But more importantly, if we look at current highway awards, they're 13% above 2017 levels and one of the things that I think it's important to remember is if you're sitting where we sit and that's as part of an aggregates-led company, you're going to be much more focused on what's happening with highways, than you are relative to what's happening with bridges. Equally, if you're coming out of a downturn, and you feel like you may have some safety issues with bridges, you're going to repair those bridges early on and then back off of that and pivot to the highways. So again, if we're looking at the pivot from bridges to highways, in my view, that's totally accepted, and then more importantly, if you look at what the trend has been, I think you'll actually be very comfortable with the trend, and I would encourage people please don't overreact to just monthly swings because that type of lumpiness can just occur and it's nothing in our view to be alarmed over. The long-term trend is quite positive. And as I indicated, the backlogs that our customers are speaking up on the public side is really very attractive.
Jim Nickolas: Yes, Stanley, thank you for the question. Our first call on capital is the right acquisition. I want to make sure we've got the dry powder to be in a position to take advantage of strategic and value-enhancing acquisitions. Of course, the next priority for us is investing in our business. Beyond that you'll see -- you'll continue to see a balanced approach. We meaningfully delivered this year as planned. I would expect some further delevering to continue next year but not to the same extent we saw this year. Returning capital to our shareholders beyond that in the form of higher dividend and share repurchases will likely play a larger role in 2020, assuming our leverage remains at the low end of our targeted range 2 times to 2.5 times.
Jim Nickolas: Stanley, I think CapEx would be relatively constant as a percent of the size of the business. So I wouldn't view today's elevated. I think it's the right level and next year it will be consistently sized vis-a-vis the business size as well. So you can think about in terms of percent of sales, we wouldn't expect it to change terribly next year.
Jim Nickolas: Yes, I think we've got anecdotal evidence that while the customers are trying to rush to beat winter and so particularly in our more northern districts and divisions. So we do have some anecdotal views evidence that that's happening, they pulled some work into Q3 from Q4.
Jim Nickolas: Yes, I think you're pretty close to spot on, Adrian. So I think that's the right number, low to mid-90s for 2019.
Jim Nickolas: Yes, hey, Timna, it's Jim. That's predominantly personnel expense, made up of a few things, like going labor inflation standard, some incentive compensation given the outperformance of the business and a few IT initiatives as well.
Howard Nye: Jim, thank you. To conclude, we are proud of the results we posted in the third quarter. And while we're pleased with the numbers, we don't see the performance as surprising. That's because, in nearly every respect, we have thoughtfully developed and consistently executed on our strategic plans, positioning our business as an aggregate’s leader in attractive, high-growth geographies. We didn't get here by accident. Over the past several years, through our steadfast and proven strategy and stability to the world-class attributes of our business, safety, ethics, cost discipline, and operational excellence. Martin Marietta has positioned itself to outperform. With this in mind, we look forward to continuing our momentum in 2020. Supported by attractive underlying market fundamentals across our geographic footprint, and region-specific third-party forecasts, we believe the current construction cycle will continue for the foreseeable future and expand at a steady pace in 2020. Our outlook is positive across each of our primary construction end-use markets. Our preliminary view anticipates low- to mid-single digit growth in aggregates shipments and mid-single digit growth in aggregates pricing in 2020. Martin Marietta remains committed to the steadfast and proven strategy we developed and executed during our 25 years as a public company. We will drive continued improvement and excellence as we responsibly manage and grow our business to create long-term value for our shareholders. If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we'll turn our attention to addressing your questions.
Howard Nye: Sure, Kathryn. Good morning and thank you. As we look at next year, one of the key drivers in our mind, Kathryn, is simply taking a look at where our customer backlogs are at this time of year versus where they were last year. So to give you a good sense of that, if we're looking at Q3 2019 backlog in Mid-Atlantic, our customers, it looks like were up about 57% versus where they were last year in backlog. If we're looking in the Midwest, major project backlog, looks like it's up around 11%. Similarly, if we look in places like the Southwest, and ready mixed backlogs were up 12% driven by market growth in both the North and the South, and then to your point, cement backlog from what we can tell is us up over 65% driven by major project work, and that includes large DOT projects, Kathryn. So as we look at what our customers are telling us, that's giving us the confidence going into the new year, it's the same type of thing we're seeing in Colorado right now, Rocky Mountain customers are saying their backlogs are up around 12%. So as we look at where the growth is coming, as we indicated we see infrastructure better, we see non-res better, we see residential better next year as well. Specifically, with respect to cement, as I indicated, a lot of it is major project driven. That's very healthy both in North Texas and in Central Texas. As you recall, the two cement plants we have are in Midlothian in North Texas and Hunter in Central Texas. Part of what I think is important in that marketplace too is what we're seeing relative to pricing in 2020. We have put out our pricing letter for next year. We're anticipating an $8 a ton increase in Texas, that's going to be effective April 1. So again, if we look at volume across the aggregates business, we see it being widespread and we see it nice and steady, and we see good customer backlogs. We see the same thing in cement. And again, this is going to be more driven by public works we believe in Texas. And again, we think the pricing environment as we go into 2020, as I indicated in the prepared remarks, both in aggregates and cement looks better going into '20 than it did coming into '19, and it looked better coming into '19 than it did coming into '18. So a long answer, but I think you need that color on where the volumes coming from and how we see pricing as well.
Howard Nye: Kathryn, thank you for the question. I can confirm that that's the way that we see it too. The thing to keep in mind, Kathryn, NCDOT has incurred more disaster-related spending in the last three years than in the previous 12 years combined. So if you look at the business that we had last year and the flooding that we had in East and North Carolina, that's Exhibit A to it. The issue is simply this, the theme of reimbursements are taking four years or five years to come in and the legislature understands that. So to your point, have we seen the North Carolina House already come forward with the $600 million proposed bill? We have. Do we anticipate that the North Carolina Senate will come up with its own formula? We believe that they will, and we think they're going to address that before they leave town. To your point, this is really just approaching something from late this year to early next year, we do view it as transitory. We do believe that the legislature understands this is something that they need to remedy. And we believe that they're committed to remedying it. So, I think your word transitory is indeed the right word.
Howard Nye: Look, obviously, we will give you a much more granular look-see in 2020 when we come out in February. One note I would make Trey is, on the volume, we're saying, low- to mid-single. I think you misspoke on the percentages that you speaking of in the premise of your question. That's better off. Part of what I would say is, look, do we see any components of our cost structure that we're troubled by? We're not. I mean, we are very focused on costs every day in our business. The single biggest cost drag what we have is labor and we believe we have labor well controlled. So we don't see inflationary actions are occurring there that we think it could be disruptive. Equally, we see energy is really quite well behaved. If you look at the investments that we've made both in plant and in rolling stock over the last several years, we should continue to see nice trends relative to maintenance and repair, and remember, Trey, we have about five areas, labor, maintenance and repair, supplies, DD&A, and energy that are really the drivers of what's going to happen from a cost perspective in our business. So do we see things in that a way that cause us any concern? We do not. Equally, going back to the commentary that I offered just a few minutes ago, we believe the pricing environment continues to be attractive, and I think it's getting more attractive. One of the metrics that we've long spoken of is that while we tend to be in a position because of an array of factors including the reserves that you just have to take good care of, we tend to get pricing all the way through cycles, we do better after big volume years too, and this is a volume year where we think we're going to be able to come in in 2020 and actually do better on pricing in '20 than we have in '19. So again, our cost profile looks very attractive from our perspective, pricing looks increasingly attractive going into '20. We'll give you a more definitive view of how that's going to translate to EBITDA and gross profit etcetera when we speak again in February.
Howard Nye: You know, I think we tried to capture it in the guidance that we've given. One thing that we will be doing, obviously we have sold considerable amount of tonnage this year. And when you're selling tonnage, one of the high-class problems you have from that is you do have more stripping that you need to do and we're going to try to do some of that in Q4 to stay ahead of it and to have us where we need to be as we enter 2020.
Howard Nye: Well, Stanley, thank you for the question. As you've noted, we've got a high-class worry because this business is delevering exactly the way that we thought it would as we bought Bluegrass. Let me turn that specifically over to Jim to talk through what our capital priorities are because what you'll hear is they haven't changed.
Howard Nye: And Stanley, obviously, as Jim said, the first call on capital is doing the right deals. And I have to brag on our team. I think our team is very good at identifying the transactions. I think they do a superb job going through the contracting piece of it when we really paper the deal and part of what we've been able to do very successfully is synergize deals as well. So again, our priorities have not changed and we're very pleased to be sitting here at this leverage ratio within the relatively short period of time since we closed on Bluegrass.
Howard Nye: Okay, very good. We had some bad feedback here in the room. So we're focused on making sure we have reliability where it needs to be and we're focused on making sure that we can take care of our customers, and one of our biggest customers in that market happens to be us. So again, I think the cement business is having a very good business -- very good year this year. I think it's going to have a very good year next year. When we bought this business, we anticipated that the cement business that we refer to as strategic cement could have margins that are very similar to the types of margins that we see in our very attractive aggregates business, and I'm pleased to say that's exactly what we're seeing.
Howard Nye: No, you're exactly right. As we look at the quarter, there were nearly 500,000 shipments in Q3 and that's a little bit over a 1 million shipments year-to-date at least through September, at the end of the quarter. Part of what I like looking at, Paul, is it had a nice build throughout the year. So about 240,000 tons in Q1, about 450,000 tons in Q2, we're getting close to 500,000 tons obviously in Q3. We think we're going to continue to see good steady energy work in South Texas for a while. I can tell you, we were down there with the team several weeks ago, these are mammoth projects and these are mammoth projects in wonderfully swampy wet land that's going to take a lot of aggregates to have it into condition that needs to build. To give you a sense of what the scope can be if we're looking at a series of projects that we're working on now, but more importantly if we look at projects into the future, that we should be good candidates for including Driftwood LNG, continued work at Golden Pass, what we think is probably coming at Port Arthur. Those three combined with others would demonstrate to us that there is still about 17 million tons worth of projects along the Gulf Coast, that we should be well positioned to get our share out. So we think that's going to be busy workforce. The other thing that's going to be worth watching is what happens with high-speed rail in Texas because they're clearly very interested in putting in around the 240-mile lane of dedicated track high speed between Dallas and Houston with the stop ash in College Station. This would be a very large project, it's not going to be 2020 issue, but again, if we look at these large energy projects, they are 2020 issues and beyond 2020. If we look at this type rail -- high-speed rail that could be coming to Texas, those are good attractive long-term projects as well and upward, people say that there could be upwards of 30 million tons of aggregates need on those types of projects. So we feel like non-res in our footprint, it will continue to be really attractive, and we think the Texas market in particular has been good and we think it's going to stay very good.
Howard Nye: So you slide that well trying to get me talk more about 2020. We will give you some really good color on that when we get into February. If I'm thinking about the three, obviously, the commentary said that we think, well, of all three of them going into 2020, which is true. And I think what we will continue to see though is that good, steady build in infrastructure. So if you go back to the commentary that we offered in the prepared remarks, we spoke about the percentage of infrastructure in our business today and what a 10-year average looks like. I'm not suggesting it's going to both back up to 10-year averages, I'm suggesting it's going to be a nice slow, steady climb back to some numbers that have a consistent form in front of them. We think that makes good sense. If we look at the year and really think about where non-res has been, non-res has been somewhere in the mid-30s this year. I mean those are at least on a historical perspective pretty high percentages. At the same time, we go back to the conversation I was having with Paul just a minute ago and you think about what some of those non-res projects can be, it's pretty big tonnage. And the other thing that I think, so that's making the world difference for us, particularly non-res since one reason we have such confidence in that going into the new year, is the way we have built our businesses around corridors. So if we're in Colorado, we're talking about I-25. If we're in Texas, we're talking about I-35. If we're in the Southeast, we're talking about I-85. And these are major commerce corridors and we think will continue to see good residential activity and those markets and we think will continue to see good non-res activity in those markets. I'll tell you, it was comforting to look at best year-on-year increases in homebuilding in student markets like Orlando, where we have a presence, in Charlotte, where we have a presence, and in Houston, where we have a presence. So that's my way of saying, looking at the end users, they all look reasonably healthy to me, they do not look in any respect overbuilt to me. And if there is one place that I would tell you to watch in particular, that's one that works because we think that's going to continue to expand.
Howard Nye: Let me turn that to Jim. We did see some modest, but the other thing that we're doing, just before I turn it over to Jim is, we said coming into the year, we thought it'd be a wetter than usual year, we're betting on a normal to early winter as well. So with that backdrop, let me turn it to Jim.
Howard Nye: If you think about it, the two businesses, in particular in the third quarter, that really did 1% aggregates volumes were the Mideast in the Midwest. So we're talking in those contexts, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Iowa, and Nebraska and those are all parts of the country that can seasonally be much more impacted by an early winter. So we're just mindful of what that could be.
Howard Nye: Well, actually, what I would say is, cement pricing was really, it was down sequentially only because of mix issues because we actually sold less into West Texas in oil well this quarter than we did previously, and one thing that I would call out and this is something, Michael, that I'm really happy to see, pricing actually did quite well in the South, meaning that the central part of Texas for us if we look over that period of time that we've owned these assets, Midlothian pricing has always frankly outperformed Hunter, and again, I feel very good about what we see in North Texas. What I liked in this particular quarter is I'm seeing good solid performance in the South as well. So I think that's notable. With respect to -- were you talking about hot mix or were you talking about ready mix pricing? I want to make sure I'm addressing your next question appropriately, Michael.
Howard Nye: Okay. I thought so. You said -- I think you've said hot mix, but I thought you meant ready mix. Here's the deal on ready mix and it's easy to sort out, our volume was nicely up for the quarter, our volume is up for the quarter 12% in the Southwest and it was up about 1.5% in the Rocky Mountains, and here's what that means. You've got a fairly notable geographic mix difference between the Southwest ready mix and the Rocky Mountain ready mix and by that, I mean about $30 per cubic yard difference and Rocky Mountain ready mix is simply a higher priced product. So when we're selling more ready mix in Texas as we were in this instance, the geographic mix that we've experienced will just give you frankly optically a lower ASP, that's the primary driver of what you're seeing. There was a modest mix relative to where we were selling as well. If you go back to the beginning of the year, Michael, you'll recall that we've said we were going to plan for a wetter than usual year and part of what our team looked at is if we're going to plan for a wetter than usual year, what are the different end uses particularly in ready mix that we can be more aligned with, that are not as sensitive to rain? And frankly, homebuilding is one of those. So we ended up pushing modestly more ready mix to homebuilding in Texas and that tends to have a little bit lower ASP as well. So if we look at what's going on, was it driven by the fact that there was simply more ready mix in Texas than there was in Colorado? Yes. Was it driven by the fact that we pivoted modestly to having more residential? Yes. But here's the important thing, at the end of the day, Michael, we made more money, and that's really what all those moves were about for us. So I wanted to give you the underlying specifics on what was happening with ASP. But I also wanted to say, at the end of the day, this is about creating higher returns for shareholders and stakeholders and that's what we did.
Howard Nye: Yes, I think it is. It's winding its way down. I think we anticipate that will continue in full up and that's in large part what we tried to do with the take-down in the guidance. So it's not an issue that we have long-term concerns about. As you will see, the team in Magnesia, really when they saw a modest slowdown, adjusted their cost profile very, very quickly. So to see that type of movement and actually see margins go up in that business is really a wonderful sign. So I would encourage you if you have running lights on anything, certainly don't have them on Magnesia Specialties, that business is sitting in a good place, it just has to work through some of the inventory issues that we do not see as long term at all.
Howard Nye: No, sure Jerry, you know, what -- they're really, as we've talked over the course of the year, they're willing enough, then that'd be mid-year price increases. So, I think much of it was just driven by more volume and where some of the volume is coming from and the normal price increases that we would have. Now clearly, I'm not encouraging you to go and bake in a consistent 9% increase in the West. If you could, I mean that was the very impressive pricing performance in those driven by a couple of things. One, we do have good pricing in Colorado, and as we've discussed over the last several years, that's a marketplace that as we look at our overall footprint tends to have lower aggregates pricing and we think we should get good value for that product than we are. If we look at what's happening in the Southwest, we did move more stone by rail and moving them into higher priced sales yards and what I would say is, I think that's actually a good sign. I think it's a good sign for a number of reasons. One, that tells you the Central Texas is getting healthier, number one, but you see other thing that it says that the railroads are performing better too. I mean, one thing that I think is notably different this year versus last is we would have had a series of conversations last year around rail performance and how that was looking and you have not heard that this year and as we look at the year, we're probably going to send something in the range of mid-30 million tons by rail in the United States this year and I think that's probably 2x our next closest competitor. So, that clearly helped on the pricing side of it as well. And we did see some reasonable yard activity in Florida. So I would tell you those were the primary issues that I would call out for you with respect to pricing, Jerry.
Howard Nye: I guess what I would say, is this, if you're trying to just look at Q3 ASP and you're trying to sort through what all the mix issues, are instead of being modestly over five, it probably would have been modestly over four, that's probably just a pure straight up same on same type comparison Jerry.
Howard Nye: No. Jerry, I think that's probably right. The only one that I'm really willing to talk to in specific dollar terms is what I've spoken to relative to cement at the $8. Obviously, the aggregates can move pretty considerably depending on where you are and what the product mix is going to be. So again, we'll give you more specifics on that as we come into the new year, but if your premise is more people are having more conversations earlier and the numbers sound generally higher, I would agree with all of those basic premises.
Howard Nye: Well, I again -- I think when I go back and refer you back to the backlog numbers that I gave you before on where cement sits today versus where it sat last year, I think that certainly gives us confidence around it. If we look at the sheer quantum of infrastructure work in Texas, that gives us confidence around it as well. And the other thing to keep in mind is we're not a nationwide cement player, we're Texas cement player and we're the largest producer of cement in a market that will likely have more need for cement than it can produce in Texas. And we think that's a fine recipe for success in that state.
Howard Nye: Garik, thanks for the question. I think it can move around a little bit and I think it can vary. We've seen all through attractive wind farm activity this year in Iowa. I think we might start seeing more of that type of activity farther south next year. I think what we continue to see warehousing will be very, very healthy, and I think the warehouse and in particular is what's going to drive a good number of our volumes in those markets, Garik. I mean what you've seen relative to warehousing in places like Indianapolis and even in areas such as the [indiscernible] has been really pretty impactful to our business and we think it will continue to be, it goes back to the observation you made at the premise of your question, and that is if you build your business along these high corridors, you're going to see good non-res growth, and again, Garik, we think that's going to be very healthy in 2020.
Howard Nye: I will tell you; I hear very little to nothing about a recession threat from the federal side at all. I don't see it. And I think the other thing that everyone that I speak to in Washington, not only representatives of people to trade associations come away with the view that the notion of short-term CRs is not a place that anyone wants to be, and everyone understands that this is a much needed area of consistent investment. So we're not seeing things in our dialogs, and we stay very close to us -- very close to it. That gives us a sense of that's going to end up being an issue next year, Garik.
Howard Nye: Timna, thanks for the question. It is always a very active dialog. I mean, the question is how far is to go beyond the dialog and what does the acquisition look like in a relative state because different acquisitions are going to have different levels of attractiveness to us. What I will tell you is the dialog that is underway with businesses directly and in some instances the dialog is underway with people who are representing businesses tends to be a very active dialog and where that leads, I can't predict right now, but it has continued to be a very consistent positive thoughtful dialog and part of what I like Timna is, as Jim indicated, through our deleveraging, we're in a very good place today and I think from the perspective of, what we believe we can do from a regulatory perspective, we're in a very attractive place as well, and we like to think that's from a competitive viewpoint something that actually works in our favor.
Howard Nye: Rohit, I think part of what you run into the Midwest is every year when they go through bad freestyle [ph], you still have more roads in the Midwest that tend to be far-to-market type roads, that tend to be gravel roads, and so what you'll see after winter is a fairly significant need to repair those roads. What's happened this year is you had the freestyle, you had winter, you had repair needs, and then you actually had repair needs that were so acute also driven by the flooding that it tended to go much more deeply into the year than it typically does. So what I would say is, you've got traditional paving projects in that part of the world that you would expect to see year-in and year-out. And then we've seen considerably more just raw maintenance activity in that part of the United States because of some of the flooding situations that we saw last year, and by the way, that plays into part of what we've seen in the ChemRock/Rail piece of the business as well. I mean if you look at that, you will also see that I talked about the fact that ChemRock/Rail shipments were up 4% for the quarter and that was really led by ballast shipments, I didn't say it in my prepared comments, but the fact is, it's really into the Western United States and that ties very directly back into that part of the country that you're asking about right now.
Howard Nye: The fact is, we're seeing strength in almost all of our top 10 states. And if you go back to it and you think about what we discussed relative to those state DOT budgets and what they have done with their spending or investment levels over the last several years, it's been pretty considerable. I mean. Texas is 37% of our revenue. And if we look at what their project awards have looked like and where Prop [ph] 7 is kicking in and Prop [ph] 1, and these are big numbers and then the other thing that we're seeing there is the return of a very significant design build projects. Colorado, as I indicated before, has had very active bidding activity in that state. We're actually seeing a proposition. It's called Proposition CC in that state, it could actually raise more than $10 billion for transportation over the next 15 years. Georgia DOT has lettings at $2 billion, which is 2x where it was in 2014. So these are all the types of initiatives that we've seen in our top 10 states that I think has these states outperforming the nation as a whole right now, and probably for the foreseeable future.
Howard Nye: No, it doesn't. Because I think if you look at the nature of some of these jobs, you're going to have that degree of lumpiness and one of the things that I think is important is, as I indicated in response to the earlier question, what does the trend look like on a multiyear basis? And the other thing is, if you talk to the people at ARTBA, they too would tell you we're not surprised by this. This is the type of activity that we would expect and it's the type of longer term dynamics that we're looking for that we actually think are helpful on as well.
Howard Nye: Well, again, if I'm looking at where awards are, and I'm looking at about where they are from 2017 levels and I'm thinking about the business over multiple years, again, they're 13% above 2017 levels. I mean, I think if you go back and charted Seth, what you'll find is something that's not going to be [indiscernible] to you, again, I think breaking down what's highways and what's bridges and then sorting out aggregates intensity is an important part of that conversation.
Howard Nye: Yes, really the Southeast had a relatively tough comp, that's your bigger issue there. I would not put too much stock into what happened this quarter with Dorian in the Southeast or Imelda, I mean Dorian interrupted a few days. It obviously shut down production in the Bahamas, and we've been working with our team there to make sure their lives are in order, and oddly enough Dorian the same storm that knocked around the Bahamas actually found its way before it was done up to Nova Scotia as well. But -- and I would look at the Southeast and say that was really more driven by a tough comp than anything else going on. I wouldn't describe significant Dorian effect to that.
Howard Nye: Yes, I guess I'm going back to my earlier commentary, I don't see places that are overbuilt and I think that's a really important place to start. I think the other thing that I would point you to is if you're looking at the Dodge Momentum Index or the ABI, I mean part of what you'll see is for example in the ABI, the South and the South in the ABI is a big swath of territory, that's going from the Atlantic Coast to Texas. So you think about the ABI's South region, that's going to be a big piece of our business, it has consistently been a leader in the way the ABI has looked at. It's also been a leader in the way we looked at it through the DMI. So I think your point is a good one Adam and that is not all markets are created equal and some markets are better than others. And part of what we have tried to do and we outlined it in the prepared remarks is put ourselves very intentionally in markets that we feel like in every cycle will outperform and I think that's what we've done and I think that's what we're seeing in the volume numbers. And I think that's one reason that we have such confidence in non-res and [indiscernible] population trends are moving in those directions; we see big projects coming and we see steady medium projects ahead of us as well.
Howard Nye: Well, again, thank you for joining our third quarter 2019 earnings call. Our proven strategic plan and commitment to operational excellence and world-class attributes of our business position Martin Marietta for continued growth and enhance shareholder value, as we continue to benefit from the steady construction recovery. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 results in February. As always, we're available for any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta.
