Howard Nye: Trey, thanks for the question. No, you are entirely right to put up these numbers, but as you said, North Carolina is not at peak of its game right now, we think it's going to be back to normal, by the way mid half year, next year, but what we've done in this very impressive quarter is done a good by arm and half tied behind our back because North Carolina is down, but it's not going to stay down. Then Magnesia Specialties is going through the foot moral right now, but it's not going to stay down either. So what you're seeing is really a two-fold impact Trey, one, pricing was very good and that's something that we come to expect and you come to expect as have our shareholders. So there are no surprises there. It's nice to see it performing in resilient fashion. Again, one of your closed down to double-digits on volume. But to your point, I think what we're really seeing, even separate and distinct from the energy piece of it, is very good cost performance and that's something that our team has been focused on, it's nothing that's new to Martin Marietta, you can see it also in the SG&A numbers. But if I go through and look at where we'll be not just in energy, but where we'll be relative to contract services, repairs, supplies, and other plant costs, all down, and that's exactly what we would anticipate. As you recall, Trey, we've gone through cycles. We tend to invest very carefully in our company. And when we were going through the financial crisis in the Great Recession, we did pull back on CapEx. At the same time in the last few years, we've taken CapEx up and that has truly been an investment in our business. So what we're seeing the benefits of is a better cost profile, operational excellence, cost performance across the spectrum that we would anticipate. And the other thing that's important, Trey, is the way that we've grown our business. So when we've added businesses as we have in Colorado and what we've done in Texas with TXI and what you're seeing from excess real estate sales and similarly, what we've done with Bluegrass, these have all been enhancing this organization, but it's truly aggregates led and you're seeing good performance come through on the cost side, which again is exactly what we would have expected. And the thing that I've really enjoyed and I am so grateful with this team on is continuing to show their agility and being able to manage that on the fly and as they would need. We're always going to remember 2020 as the year that could have been, because if you're seeing this type of performance with volumes down, you can imagine what I believe we'd be doing this year if we were not in the midst of the pandemic.
Howard Nye: Trey, that's another great question. I would say several things. I would think in the back half, which is certainly big calling towards volume growth. I mean, here we are in Q3, which is the single largest quarter for the industry, it's the largest quarter for Martin Marietta, and we're down 9%. So, I would expect, in half through next year, we are seeing growth. Keep in mind, half - quarter one is really a rather inconsequential quarter. There is very little volume that goes in Q1. The season really begins in earnest for a business like ours in May because that's when you'll have everything open across an enterprise including those parts of the country, it tend to be more weather-affected. So what I say on a comparative basis, Q1 would be a tough compare, yes, but it's not going to be huge tonnage. As a practical matter, the pandemic really started settling in as we went into Q2. But I would think, when we get to the back half of next year we should start to see the economy grow in some ways. I do think the deurbanization trends that we're seeing, will help us nicely on housing. I think Martin Marietta is going to be a very nice beneficiary of that because you saw the data that I revealed even on North Carolina relative to United Van Lines data, but that same data is true for Georgia, and it's true for Florida, and it's true for Texas, and it's true for Colorado. And again, when we start going through those impacts states, it matters. I think that's something that's real, and we're going launch we go into 2021. The other thing that I would say relative to 2021, Trey, is infrastructure looks a lot better today than we thought, infrastructure was going to look when we were half year. So, if we look back at even for a tech stocks, so they were going to be at half year as they were thinking about 2021. They were $7.5 billion, so they've got a 10 handle in front of that today. We're looking at a state like Colorado, they're saying it's going to be relatively flat, and we know our third largest state by revenue in North Carolina is going to be better, when we get into the second half of the calendar year of 2021. Remember these states work on fiscal years that in large part end on June 30. I think the end use that's going to be the one that we need to watch most carefully is not a surprise to anyone, it's going to be non-residential. And I think you're going to have a tale of two different stories in non-res. I think the heavy side of it, Trey, is going to be pretty good. I mean, I'll give you a sense of it. In the Greater San Antonio area all by itself right now, we are bidding on right for six different Amazon fulfillment centers just in that marketplace. So, we're looking at heavy side non-res in states where we have very intentionally built our business. We think that's going to look attractive. So whether it's data warehousing, warehousing or otherwise, we think that's going to be good. And I do think hospitality is going to be challenged for a while. I think vary degrees of energy on a comparative basis are going to be challenged for a little while and I think office and retail will as well. But here's what I would say, if the housing trends continued the way that we believe that they will, and we believe it's going to be more single-family driven, we're going to see homebuilders buying more land, we're going to see them entitling that land and we're going to see the drag along effect hopefully not in '21 but probably more going into '22 of the light portion of non-res. So what I'll try to do Trey, in response to your question is, go through those three primary end users that we have and speak to at least what we're seeing relative to trends right now. Obviously, when we come out with our full year results in February, then you get the more precise guidance. We'll get much more granularity to that, but again my commentary saying that this October compared to last October looks pretty good. We like that as a data point.
Howard Nye: No, look, you're right, it's been an unusual year but at the same time, what I'd say Kathryn is, pricing, if we're really looking cement segments it's up 3.4%. So pricing in cement, in Texas is behaving like aggregates. And keep in mind, that's something that we've long said we thought it would be the case. If we look at our cement backlogs, I'll tell you that that's one of the great stories because we're seeing cement backlogs up 24% on strong infrastructure bookings and primarily a large job that Tesla has going on in the Austin area and some property that we sold them. So the backlog situation looks quite good there. And actually the pricing was pretty good, Kathryn. If you look at it, the optics, the pricing and the reality of them are two very different things. Because the reality is, energy sector sales for us, which are not a big amount of tons were down 74% in West Texas. So a big percentage, but small tons. But the reason that's so important and we call it out in the prepared comments, that's where that cement sales were over $200 a ton. So if we're coming back and just looking at Type 1 and Type 2 cement in San Antonio and in Dallas, those numbers are actually up very nicely, and we think that that's likely what we're going to see next year as well. Now, in fairness, we have said that we're going to take cement pricing up in April of next year and we have a letter out to that effect right now and we're talking about $9 in that Texas marketplace next year. So I think that gives you a sense of how pricing has behaved this year, what has been the mix effect on it, what this Type 1 and Type 2 look like. The other thing that I'll note Kathryn, because this is important too, is we have continued to see efficiency improvement quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year in our cement business. So kind of what I would call out for you is volume is down, but the cement EBITDA in Q3, the margin of 46.2%, represents actually a new quarterly record. So we're getting it both ways, we're doing it the hard way on costs, but we're doing it the other way on pricing as well, but again backlogs up 23%. We're a little bit over 270,000 tons.
Howard Nye: Sure. Happy to, couple of things. One, Texas, I'll just go through them in order of revenues. So Texas has huge FY '20, '21 lettings of $10.2 billion, we spoke about that just a minute ago. That's going to have a multi-year benefit to Martin Marietta. Our backlogs in that state are up in all three product lines and we see some very large projects coming in 2021. What's important to our members across seven funding is currently projected at a full $2.5 billion, even as we're looking at cropped one that's looking at $620 million. And keep in mind, none of that anticipates Texas having to tap into their $10 billion rainy day funds. So again, Texas feels very healthy even compared to where we were half year. Colorado looks pretty flattish and that's what we are expecting. We see construction activity there that's being supported by about a $1.8 billion four-year bond program. Two years remain on that and that could provide an additional $1 billion or more. So we're feeling good about where that state is, again, a nice improvement over where it was at half year. The North Carolina DOT situation that you called out very specifically and appropriately is improving. And part of what we've seen even in the last week is North Carolina mail is sending out some double A-rated bonds, they were just rated last week. It's going to be $700 million of build North Carolina bonds. And importantly, the state has started - what we started lettings and anticipates about $1.3 billion of it - of FY '21 lettings and that's pretty similar to the pre-pandemic numbers of about $1.4 billion. So again, we're feeling much better about North Carolina and that's one that we obviously stay very close to. Similarly, you asked about Georgia and we're anticipating there relatively flat DOT spending at about $2 billion. But part of what we think is important is it appears that Georgia is going to advance at least two of the major mobility projects in Atlanta. They're not going to have a '21 start, but they're likely to have a '22 start. And remember, these are major mobility projects at about $12 billion and their primary aim is to reduce congestion along key corridors in Georgia. And the last one, at least in our top five is Florida DOT, and again, we're looking at something there that we think is going to be very steady year-over-year. Keep in mind, they've got a very healthy P3 program in that state, so you've got a lot of activity in Florida. So again, if we look at our top five states and that's exactly what I've just taken you through from an infrastructure perspective, year-over-year, we like the looks of that.
Howard Nye: Paul, thanks for the question. It's good to hear your voice. Yes, I would say that we are one of the few industries that probably can't lose next week and here's what I mean by that. If the President is re-elected, we anticipate there is going to be a new highway bill and we think it's probably going to be up very similar to the Senate's number, that's 28% over FAST Act and that being the largest increase all by itself in 15 years. Similarly, if we should have a change in part of the White House and Mr. Biden is elected and the fact is, the democratic-controlled House is looking at a 41% increase in highway spending. So here's what I would say, if the President's re-elected, it's going up and it's going up with less regulation. If Mr. Biden is elected, it's going up with probably more regulation. And the irony of that is, we actually do pretty well with regulation. Well, we've got great teams, they are very sophisticated, they can deal with that very efficiently. So we - I believe, either way, Martin Marietta will be well-positioned. If there is more regulation, one of the things that we certainly see that drive in the past is perhaps more M&A opportunity as well, because often times, if you're looking at a higher tax, higher regulatory environment, closely-held kind of businesses start reconsidering what their long-term future is as well. So, as we sit here and anticipate what different outcomes could be, it can change the way that we're going to think about some things around the margin, but in large measure, we think under either one of those scenarios, Martin Marietta does very well.
Howard Nye: Well, I would say a couple of things. One, volume will always be this industry's friend because you're going to have a certain degree of cost, but as much as we'd like to be at a flex costs as much as we can, some of them are going to be fixed, it's a big heavy industry, but I think we control cost extraordinarily well. Again, I think geography, from a mixed perspective, actually this quarter, was not particularly upper end. So, if we see these Eastern markets behaving in a more robust fashion and volume hits those markets, it could be pretty impressive relative to margin. Keep in mind, in the East this year, we saw a significant project delays and we saw extremely wet weather in what was formerly the Mid-Atlantic Division. And again, we've discussed the fact that we saw lower NCDOT funding, that's going to be remedy, and we saw most win part activity. So, if we look at that didn't happen in the East and things that we don't think will continue to recur into the future, we think that's probably very attractive for our margins. The other thing that I would say is I would not expect the cost that we have been very good at controlling this year to go backwards on us. I think the investments that we have made on capital will be our friend. Now in fairness, there is a piece of that that's tied up in energy and there are a lot of things we can control. I wish, I could tell you that we could control overall energy prices, but we can't, but at the same time, as energy has tended to move upward, keep in mind, that's also served historically as the mechanism plus to make sure that we can cover that with increased average selling prices as well. So, I do think relative to margins, geography is likely to be more of a friend, they are not going forward, and I think this is the type of cost performance that you should expect us to continue to deliver.
Howard Nye: No, you did, Jerry. I guess what I would say is that, I'm not sure if there was anything strikingly new about the observations I was making on '21. I think the primary thing that I just want to underscore is that pricing is something that we tend to do really well in Martin Marietta. When volumes go up, pricing goes up, when volumes go down, pricing still goes up. And in this quarter I thought it was pretty good, because there are not a lot of industries that could come forward with volume down line and pricing up the way that we saw pricing up this year. So I think that's the underlying theme that I want to make sure that I underscore. I think the other thing to remember, Jerry, is we're seeing that as we pointed out in some of the conversations we've had, with actually one of our higher-priced - higher profitable businesses not at the top of their game this year, because of what's not coming out of NCDOT. So again, I think we'll continue to see a good price trajectory in large part because we're in many good locations. And I think as we continue to see superfamily housing go up, that's actually an area that we tend to do quite well in housing on, because if you're thinking about people who will at least try to utilize some form of volume, on occasion, as a lever to talk to you about pricing, that's typically not the home door, because at the end of the day, there is so many things they care deeply about in the home, but the news flash is the price of crushed stone usually is not one of them. So I think if we end up seeing a new highway bill, we see the volume that we think will come from that, probably not in '21, but as practical matter coming in '22, but we see a very healthy residential market and then we see the drag along in the growth of time of the like non-res. I think all of that pretends very well for pricing. And again, if we look at those top five states that are disproportionately important to us and you look at even what's happened with cement pricing in Texas, I think that tells you that the overall marketplace is at a pretty healthy spot.
Howard Nye: Well, and again, we'll give you even more granularity around that when we come out in February, because some of those conversations are still ongoing. But again, I think you get the overall sense that there is nothing in our pricing model that we feel like has been shaken by this strange time to the world navigating together.
Howard Nye: Yes, Anthony, thank you for the question. I think part of it is - you could deepen up into something that strange and you start to figure it out a little bit. So, I think candidly, that's part of it. The other - another part of it is, Anthony, there is just not that much runway left this year and we've got a pretty good sense of how October is looking. Obviously, Q4 itself can have some swing factors to it, and obviously one of them is, when does weather really set in earnest. It's been interesting Anthony, because there have been years that we have been paving almost up to Christmas in Colorado and equally, there have been years that well before Thanksgiving, it was shut down. So, obviously, we'll try to bracket but we think Q4 can like from just a volume perspective, we know what it's going to look like from a pricing perspective. And we believe we've got a pretty good handle on what it's going to look like from a cost perspective as well. So, I think those were the factors candidly that went into it and again in the conversation that I was having just a few minutes ago with Jerry and others on the end users. We're trying to get as - we are just taking a look into '21 as we can, but again, we feel pretty good about all of them.
Howard Nye: Yes, I would say several things. One, we see deferrals, we don't see cancellations and I think that's an important bifurcation to draw, because pushing projects to the right is an entirely different animal than calling them off. So during the financial crisis in the Great Recession, we saw projects cancel, that's not what we're seeing. So I want to call that. The other is, in some instances, we simply saw weather deferrals. So obviously, we've had some hurricanes that have come in through the Southwest this year and we've had a good bit of rain in the Southeast. But the primary place that, again, I think we're taking some good comfort is when we're seeing North Carolina DOT start re-letting some surface transportation again, in some respects for the first time in almost a year. So when we see that state beginning to return to something that feels more like in a patience, a normal start as rhythm, that certainly feels better to us. So we're - we did not see anything relative to deferrals in the quarter that we thought were extraordinary or surprised us. And in many respects, what I would say is from a volume perspective, I don't think we're very surprised this quarter. I think from a pricing perspective, we were not surprised. And I'm not going to tell you that from a cost perspective we were surprised, I would tell you, gratified, is probably the right word, but again, we expect to see more of that going into the future, not less up.
Howard Nye: Stanley, that's a great question. And what I think is this, one, they're busy and busy usually begets busy. And number two, I do think the shift that we're seeing in the Great American move - moving more away from multifamily, moving to single-family where people frankly want some space but they haven't had for the last several years is going to lead to the necessity of buying more land. And by the way, we don't think that's a bad thing. We actually think that's a good thing, because if we look at the markets in which we are operating one, they tend to have land, two, the entitlement for new subdivisions isn't something that's highly difficult to do, and three, the ability to borrow money is there. So we feel like all of that's important. The other piece of it, Stanley, that we think is important is these markets are not overbuilt and that's such a fundamentally different place. And part of what we spoke about in the half-year call is, we've seen single-family move around over the last couple of decades. So single-family recovery is, we're really looking at coming out with the great financial crisis. So also about 70% of starts versus what had typically been closer to 80%. So if we're seeing it move back to a more of a normalized portion of what we would expect single-family to be, particularly as we're looking at these deurbanization trends, that is we're looking at states in which we have a significant presence, Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida. Those are going to be cities and those are going to be states that would be grown out, not states that will be growing up and places that are growing out tend to be more aggregates intensive. So yes, I think our builders are busy. Yes, I think they will have to buy more land. I think they will be in the entitlement business but I think in the areas where we are the entitlements, would not end up being significant, I'll have to use your word, I think it's a good one, a governor, on what housing growth is going to look like.
Howard Nye: Stanley, that's a great question and you're right, we're at the low end of our range. So our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is at two times today. You've seen that steadily come down and I'm proud of the way that we pulled that down. As you know, our capital priorities have not changed. And our capital priorities are to find the right acquisition. We think there may be some opportunities in 2021 that we're certainly looking at, the deal pipeline has become more active here over the last few months and that does not surprise us. And equally, the other thing that we're waiting to watch and everybody else in this call is too, what happens in the election? And it will be odd. For example, if we do see a wider new streak go to the United States and we see a higher regulatory regime come in, as I indicated earlier, we have certainly seen that as something that they can serve as a bit of a catalyst for M&A activity as well. So I think we want to make sure that we keep ourselves in a very flexible spot. Obviously, it's in management's discretion whether we go in and turn back on the repurchases, we will certainly look at that and think through it carefully. You did see us - as Jim commented in his opening comments, we raised our dividend in September, so our September shareholders have already benefited from that. So I like where we sit from a balance sheet perspective, but equally Stanley, and I think this is important as we think about M&A, I like where we sit from a regulatory perspective as well. The areas the country where we would be most interested in growing particularly if we're looking to establish new footprints. We've got a lot of white space and we have a lot of regulatory ability, from a Hart-Scott-Rodino perspective. And I think our teams have proven that they are very good at one, identifying transactions, number two, going through the process of memorializing it and then upon closing, pulling the synergy side of it as well. So we're going to find good uses for that cash, whether it's investing in Martin Marietta, returning to shareholders or finding right deal, but you know how we rank those in order, Stanley.
Howard Nye: Absolutely, Stanley. Stanley, as you recall, historically, non-res would have been around 30% of our business and then over the last several quarters, you've seen it actually considerably more than that, it's closer to the mid-30s. And you'll recall historically, this was really when I give you this background. This is pre-TXI, this is pre river for the Rocky's, this is pre-Bluegrass. We would have said, it's almost a 50-50 break between light on one hand and heavy on the other. As we've done these large transactions, as we come out of the river, as we have focused our business increasingly on these large commerce corridors, we feel like it - now the heavy side of it is probably at least 60%. So it's probably moved that much just as we've done these transactions. And it's interesting to go back and revisit that number I gave just a few minutes ago, even talking about the fact that in the San Antonio area right now, we're bidding on seven Amazon warehouses data center projects at various stages of bidding. So the locations where we've been, whether it's on the I-25 corridor, whether it's on the I-35 corridor, whether it's on the l-85 corridor or the l-95 corridor has really helped move that. And if you think about those corridor, l-95 was significantly changed by Bluegrass. I-85 was significantly changed about what we did with the assets that we acquired in Atlanta. l-35 was significantly changed by what we did with TXI and I-25 was completely remade with what we did in the River for the River - I mean River for the Rocky swap. So the percentage shift is probably 60%, 40% today but again, non-res has moved to a bigger piece of the pie in large measure, because infrastructure has underperformed as we've gone through a series of re-authorizations that unlike next year, has not gone up in value over the last 15 years.
Howard Nye: Yes, I think several things probably. One, we don't have some things going on this year that we had going on last year. They were actually varying degrees of headwinds last year. So if you go back to it, part of what you'll see is, we did have some increased grading last year we're stripping employees, we did accelerate some maintenance at our Hunter Cement Plant. And our Granite Canyon quarry which sits in Southern Miami, which feeds that very vibrant Northern Colorado market was later coming on last year, then we would have hoped. And then Hurricane Dorian sided with Freeport Bahamas last year, a little bit longer that we would have wished though. Number one, they actually put some headwinds in Q4 last year and we're thinking we're probably past some of that this year, but equally, I think the October trends are nice. I think part of what we're seeing is some of the work, particularly in Central Texas as Tesla is building their bigger factory on the property that we sold them, that certainly add some benefits. And again, if we see something that feels like a normal winter cadence, we're very comfortable with what we feel like would be the midpoint of that range. So it - that at least gives you a sense of what the puts and takes would be in the little bit of the year that's left. I hope that's helpful.
Howard Nye: No, Yes, I think they can, because part of what's happened, Phil is, if we go back over time, several things. If you look at the way different states came out of the financial crisis, some states ended up hiring more people in DOTs, Texas is a good example. Some states started doing more outsourcing, North Carolina is a good example, which means at least as we're sitting here today, they have more projects that are engineered the designed, right-of-way has been purchased and they're in a position if they want to go that they can. And I think that's a very fundamentally different place. So to your point, if there is a pace for or if there is anything else and there is simply as you know, AASHTO has long been advocating for about $37 billion that they feel like should go roughly to states to help fill the hole that was created because yes, tax revenues weren't there. Now keep in mind, early in the year, they said that hole is going to be $50 billion, so that hole got a lot narrower or - not as deep over time. But to your point, if that money went directly to NCDOT, do they have plenty of uses for today? Absolutely. It's weather floating $400 million worth of bonds, could Texas do the same thing? To be sure, and could Colorado do the same thing? Absolutely, because again if you look at that state they are metering out there buying activity over time and that can simply come in and help augment that. So I do think your point's a good one, because most of what we've been discussing to date has been around the reauthorized bill and what the timing would look like on that. And again, we're saying passage in '21, but the real event from a tonnage is probably '22. But I do think if you've got some near-term stimulus that could actually be at '21 about.
Howard Nye: Yes, that, I - we'll obviously give you some really good guidance on that in February, but I think part of what we're trying to outline bill is, this is a really impressive quarter with volumes down almost double-digits and our most profitable business with its arm tied behind its back. So again, our backlogs, for example, in Texas look very good. So I think we can feel good about where that business is heading into '21. Obviously NCDOT is letting some jobs. I think we've been increasingly good about that. If the Eastern business gets some momentum going into '21 even in the back half, so that's where your story would be.
Howard Nye: Yes, that wouldn't surprise me. And again we'll come out with more granular information in February. But if we think about it, Seldon, this is the big quarter and keep in mind, this was a big quarter last year. So this was the beast of compares. And it's always interesting to look at how percentages can work in Q1, but I would suggest you percentages in Q1 helped me a lot because the tonnage is so slow. So it would not surprise me but this on a percentage down, unless we see things just changed dramatically. It would not surprise me that this would be your states single steepest client, to use your words.
Howard Nye: Yes. I guess the way we think of it, if we look at the states in which we see significant population trends and then that's going to be our top five states, where there will be capacity needs and capacity issue. So if you take that Georgia mobility program and think about that in more than just an Atlanta contracts and you think about the Atlanta, but you think also about Columbia, South Carolina and Jacksonville, Florida and Orlando and Raleigh and Charlotte, and then you start looking at 9 miles added. That's your single most aggregates intensive undertake because several things happen. So then it's taking a lot of tonnage, but it's taking a lot of vary tonnage as well. So you are you putting based products down, you are venture to put in clean stone and either asphalt or concrete and that's going down. So you're taking the entire way of more products. So number one, that's actually very healthy for inventories. Number two, it's actually very healthy for the way that we can run our business. Now can you take a crushing plant, hold it in some degree and produce less space and more clean stone so we - but I mean it's not a science and doing that because it's not that easy, but as a practical matter, if you've got a wider array of products going out that will intend to be the case, if you have a new highway bill and you've got capacity that is being added in states. What that does from an operating efficiency and what it does from an inventory efficiency is incredibly helpful. And part of that we've seen over the last several years is what would appear to be a fairly significant outperformance in non-residential. And what I would tell you is non-residential has actually been quite good but non-residential hasn't been really on fire. It's really that the public side of it has been slower than it should have been. So if we see more infrastructure go, it's high spec material, it's a material that we can deliver and we think of these states in which we're operating as they add needed capacity, it adds tonnage and it adds efficiency. I hope that helpful.
Howard Nye: No, I would say several things, one, we saw good price in Colorado and we saw some mix shifts in Texas. So I think that's largely what you see. And look, the other piece of it is, hey, the concrete business paid more for aggregates and the concrete business paid more for cement and that's okay from where we sit, because we're providing most of the aggregates and we're providing most of the cement and so that's a lot of what was going on there. But really, if you look at it, nice 2.2% per ton better on ASP. So a lot of good things that we're seeing in ready-mix right now, but in large measure, it helps undergo a very attractive upstream business, so it's doing exactly what we would have thought.
Howard Nye: Well, service and rail has been reasonably good and it's really not so much Houston, it's really more South Texas when you get down to the pure LNG projects that are - or even closer to the water. And that was really a piece of the mix issues in the Southwest, because if we had fewer tons coming out of those yards, as you know those tons are transportation loaded, David, so that was really the big shift there. So it wasn't as much of our Houston metro per se issue because there is some very good projects going on in Houston, including the Grand Parkway. And for example, we've seen a good amount of cement go to that and as you may recall that, actually cement is modestly lower priced in San Antonio than it is in Dallas and things are going to the Grand Parkway are really coming out of Hunter facility. So we're not seeing bad activity in Houston, whatsoever, it was really more cost to oriented on that commentary.
Howard Nye: Look, I'll certainly time and if we're looking at South Carolina, they're going to FY 2021 program would buy $1.8 billion, that's up about 15%, so we like what we're seeing there. The South Carolina did something the other year that was very on South Carolina of them and that is they raise the gas tax. So they are taking that up incrementally over a period of six years. We're about halfway through that, so we're seeing good activity there. All of that, we're really Arkansas passed a 10-year $10 billion funding plan so that basically doubles their funding over $8 billion over a 10-year plan and we like where we see that business going. Keeping in mind, we've got a very attractive business in and around Arkansas City and we're seeing good activity at the airport there as well. Our business in Indiana, just to be clear, we call it our Indiana district that we have historically, it's really our Indianapolis district and what we've seen in that business and the leadership there has just done a superb job of controlling costs exceptionally well. I mean they really do deserve a call out on that, but they equally done very well and making sure we're getting good recognition on pricing on what we're doing in that marketplace. I think Indiana is looking quite strong. If I'm looking questions just to be completely open book with you on where we've seen more difficulty this year, it's been in places like Kentucky and portions of Savina Hill. Kentucky DOT has not had its finest moment this year and I think equally you've heard that from others is they have gone through, I think you would have heard a bit of that from Summit and its commentary earlier in the week as well. But if we're looking at places like Maryland, and we're looking at Virginia, and Iowa, in Nebraska, and as going through those, just give you a sense of it, Michael, that does round out our top 10 states which is going to be 85% of our revenue. They're not things that we feel like are troubling to us as we looked at Maryland, Virginia, Iowa, or Nebraska right now, again, Maryland has a very significant T3 program, and the other states just tend to be very solid states. Remember, Iowa consume on average more stone per capita than any place else because they go through a hard place sale cycle each year and it's a big farm to market economy, but equally that's been an economy that has been served quite well by what's happening relative to data warehousing. So we've seen Microsoft and Amazon and others, not just build warehousing but Phases 2 or Phases 3 and sometimes Phases 4 of that, so that's actually been quite good. The one area in the Midwest that has been more challenging this year has been plus not happened relative to wind energy and we call that out on some of the commentary that we had just breaking down between business in our East Group and business in our West Group, but hopefully that was responsive to taking a little bit deeper dive in the bottom five.
Howard Nye: No, no, happy to. I mean, it's interesting, but are different pricing is always a little bit challenging at least in half, outlook and pricing in Colorado tends to be very attractive pricing, outlook on pricing in Texas continues to look pretty steady. I would tell you is we look at backlogs year-over-year, there are 3% and if you're looking at a very dynamic market I like the way that works. So, again part of what we've done in Texas in particular item is, we've moved a certain degree of our volume in Texas from infrastructure, in some instances to housing and I will tell you very candidly, why we did it, we wanted to have it and a little bit more of that in housing, one, because housing look good; and two, housing does not tend to be as weather-sensitive it's infrastructure as. Now that said, housing tends to have a little bit lower ASPs. So we're picking and choosing very much by design there, but again we think pricing will be solid and we think backlogs in that business right now are actually up in the Southwest.
Howard Nye: Adrian, it's always a journey, it's like safety, we never think we're done. And what I would say if we go back and look at the way things have worked. One of the best examples I can give you is Maryland and we were talking about just a moment ago with Michael, what some of the states look like that were not in our top five and I spoke, specifically the Maryland. And then what's interesting to me on that, Adrian, is Maryland for us in the Bluegrass transaction was not necessarily a consolidation play. We had a couple of facilities in that state there in the western part of the state, and most of what we acquired Bluegrass there was in Maryland, who was really more in Baltimore metro. And what we brought to that is a discipline and we brought to it a sense of not being ashamed to make sure we are getting the right value for a product that we're making that needs, state and federal specifications, and that we think it's not easy to do. And keeping in mind that, on the infrastructure side, stone is about 10% of the cost of building road, on the housing side, it's about 2% of the cost of a home and if we look at non-residential at somewhere between those two numbers. In other words, our product is never going to be, but it's going to make or break whether the project goes or not. Equally, our product isn't going to make or break whether that contractors typically low or not, but at the same time to do what we do with the scale that we do and do it as safely as we do. We want to make sure we're getting good value for something that's a depleting resource. Now that said, if we look on average at today's rates of taking start on the ground, we've got a century with reserves left. So we don't have an issue of the stone going away, but in a world that we think will continue to have higher regulatory barriers and burdens to entry, making sure we're getting value for this product is important. I will tell you, equally, you can see what our average selling prices and it's going to be in the low teens, right now, but there are plenty of markets in the United States where we're selling aggregates for numbers that have a two in front of it and we don't see those higher numbers having any degree of chilling effect on construction in those markets. So this has been an area for our company that has been one of strength for a long time. Back to my point, this continues to be a journey. I think it's going to be an area of strength for years yet to come, Adrian.
Howard Nye: Thank you all for joining our third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Moving forward, we are confident in Martin Marietta's opportunities to build on our successful track record of strong financial, safety and operational performance and remain focused on maximizing value for all shareholders. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results in February. As always, we're available for any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time and continued support of Martin Marietta. Please stay safe and healthy.
Phil Ng: If we think of some of the policy optionality go into next year. If we get a stimulus package this is separate from a longer-term authorization bill.
Phil Ng: Do you see that impact coming through a little quicker on the demand side where the lag is shorter because maybe states can dial-up lettings mid-year and see a benefit 2021? And then...
Phil Ng: And then I think the margins in the quarter is certainly really impressive in light of the weaker volumes. But when we think out the 2021, assuming you have a little inflation not deflation like you've seen this year on energy, and you get some pricing and lower volumes. Do you have enough levers there to kind of drive unit economics higher or at least keep it flat and any color on the gross margin side as well.
