C. Howard Nye: Thanks, Jim. To conclude, we expect 2022 to be another record year for Martin Marietta. We're well-positioned to capitalize on Infrastructure tailwinds, and strong private demand across our differentiated coast-to-coast geographic footprint. Looking ahead, we expect this increasing demand environment to drive multiyear shipment growth and attractive pricing for our products. Our team remains committed to employee health and safety.  Commercial and operational excellence. Sustainable business practices, and the execution of our store of 2020 -- 25 initiatives as we build and maintain the world's safest, best-performing and most durable aggregates lead public company. If the Operator will now provide the required instructions, will turn our attention to addressing your questions.
C. Howard Nye: I'm happy to, Trey, to answer the question. I guess a couple of things. First, we are actually comfortably ahead of plan right now. So that's part of what we think is not yet predictable about us because where we're sitting, where we're not in a whole, we're actually ahead of where we thought we would be. As you know, the first quarter is never a big quarter for volumes, so small percentages can -- or small numbers can make for big percentage in the first quarter.  Part of what I think from my perspective was predictable is we didn't have tiller last year in the first quarter. Obviously, that's a Minnesota base business and you're not going to put down a lot of asphalt in Minnesota in January, February, and March. The other thing that support, and Jim outlined it in his commentary as well, we actually accelerated some of the maintenance on the kilns in Texas this year. So, we're about halfway through with dollars, or more than halfway through with dollars that we're going to have on that. So, I think both those are important. Obviously, we did see degrees of inflation. But the other thing that we've seen, and I think this is to your point, Trey, on what gives us confidence to actually take our guidance up a bit, is what we're seeing commercially relative to pricing. We -- obviously, you're seeing price increases go in in April. We would not take up the guidance unless we were seeing what was happening in April and had a high degree of confidence in that. The other thing, Trey, that I think is different about right now, but in some respects, predictable is what we're seeing relative to mid-year price increases as well. So, number 1, the April price increases have come into where that we thought.  Number 2, we're looking at much more widespread mid-year price increases across our footprint than we've seen in a while. As you recall, last year when we did that, we talked about targeted mid-year price increases. This year we're talking about widespread. In other words, if we're not going to have a mid-year, that's going to be the exception this year. And we're also seeing that in scope from a dollar a ton the $5 dollar a ton depending on market, depending on product, etc. Part of what we're seeing, and this is a bit of a fundamental shift, customers are considerably more concerned today about getting product than they are relative to price.  So again, an attractive place for us to be if we're talking about timing of mid years. It's probably they're going to come in somewhere between July 1, in most markets as late as September 1, and others. But I mean, to give you a sense of it, this goes at least back to a part of your question relative to the acquired operations. If we're looking to price increases that we're looking at in California right now, we're looking at $2 a ton that's going to be effective mid-year July 1.  And again, that represents a double-digit percentage increase versus the January 1 ASP. So, you're seeing that nice building effect in that market. Even if we go to a heritage market and look at Central Texas, what we're talking to customers about very candidly there is a 10% increase in July 1 across-the-board at locations and on products. Still as we're looking at where we sit relative to the new acquisitions, if we're looking at the investments that we've made, the  business here at first quarter.  And we're looking at the overall price increases and we're looking at the fact that despite the inflation that we saw in Q1, we're comfortably ahead of plan, that gives you a sense of it was predictable about about it, but hopefully it gives you a sense of where we are in areas that gives us the confidence to take the guidance up.
C. Howard Nye: Kathryn, to answer the question, I guess several things. One, if we just look at customer backlog, and that's important to think about, the best way we speak to it, if we're looking at aggregates, then it gets up about 11% year-over-year. So again, a very attractive number. If we're looking at cement to your point, it's basically sold out. If we're looking at Magnesia Specialties, chemicals has a record backlog right now. The customer backlogs look very, very attractive to us now.  Equally, if we look at downstream or the different end uses, obviously, we looked at Texas, Colorado, California, North Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, those are our leading states. But here's the high-class dilemma that we have. We're looking at FY22 loadings in Texas, the TxDOT up $10 billion as the highest in five years. If you look at Colorado DOT, as you recall, Kathryn, they passed a 10-year infrastructure bill with $5.3 billion tied up in that. If we're looking at North Carolina, obviously, we're looking to recently passed date by any in budget, it's got a $4.2 billion number for FY22, and it's going up 17 -- where it's up 17% over where it was and it's going to be higher for '23.  This is my way of saying state budgets are very good. Our ability to put the product on the ground to meet the customer's needs is there. So we are not concerned about meeting their needs. What I think is also important, though, is trying to address in my comments around non-res. We're seeing more office building taking place. We're seeing more  taking place. And I think a lot of that is driven by where we have built our business.  And again, you've heard us speak for a while that where you are in this industry matters a great deal. So if we're looking at reshoring, whether it's Toyota come into  us. We now have Vietnamese car manufacturing in North Carolina. We're looking at Samsung north of Austin. These sorts of large, significant commercial projects. But I also think to comment that I gave you in my prepared remarks around office and retail and what we're seeing in markets on Charlotte is important.  But again, trying to close up at least in part, but I'm saying relative to end markets, we continue to see even on the residential side, underdog conditions, and we continue to see very attractive population inflow into our markets. I think some different states, not Martin Marietta states, may see some degree of push back as mortgages move. We're not seeing that and the fact is mortgage rates are up 200 basis points. This versus the prior-year quarter. But as we go back and even look at that, there's no correlation between mortgage rates in single-family starts over the past four years.  So, but I've tried to do in response to your question, just give you a snapshot of. What is it look like at the state level relative to Infrastructure? What we're seeing in non-res book on light and heavy size. And keep in mind, on the heavy side of that, we believe we're going to see increasing LNG activity in south Texas, but quite is already better. And again, residential in our states with very high population inflows looks good. Part of what we've done, Kathryn, as you know, is our capital allocation priorities through cycles has had us in a position that we've added capacity or efficiencies where we needed to and we're in a position to date to meet customer demands and their needs.  At the same time, we recognize we have a very valuable product in the ground and we're going stick with our value over volume philosophy. I think the way all of that is going to coalesce. We will have the product, we meet the customer's needs, and we'll create enduring value for our stakeholders as well. So, Kathryn, I hope that helps.
C. Howard Nye: Stanley, happy to -- good to hear your voice and thank you for the question. Part of what I think is helping us commercially, Stanley, is where we are. And if we go back, the states that I was listing through when we look at the states that are most important to us from a revenue perspective, these were attractive places to be. I mean being in Texas today, being in Colorado, being in California, North Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, where population trends are very powerful, helps us. Having leading positions in those states helps us as well. I think to your point, if we go back and look at the investments we've made, whether it's in North Carolina, or Texas or Colorado or someplace else, as markets get tighter and customers need product, we're clearly going to be in the position to do that.  Part of what we're seeing in some circumstances today is customers have gone up for quotes and the suppliers are unable to meet those requirements at this time, we end up having the ability to come back and at times fill orders that we did not get into first instance because we are very consistent with a value over volume philosophy. And again, we're unapologetic about that, so I think several things. One, it's about the location, Stanley.  Two, it is about the philosophy that we bring to it and three it does go back to the capital allocation priorities that we've had and you've heard us long say that our best first dollar spent is on the right transaction. Our next best dollar spent is on internal projects because if we're in the process of making the rocks at Big Rocks were also going to destroy iron. And we want to make sure we keep these sites well-funded, very safe, very efficient, and able to meet market demands, but also flex as demands change. And so far, we've been in a position to do that through a great recession and now through this expansion that were in, so I hope that helps Stanley.
C. Howard Nye: Well, look, you know what I've always said. There are very few things in your life that you want that you can buy for $16 a ton except our profit. And to put a spec product on the ground and  for that is I think something is pretty special. Do you think if we go over time and look at the durability of aggregates pricing, one thing that it has shown is that it does have the ability through cycles to continue to move up into the right even at down cycles? I think you've got two things right now, Adam. I think you've got the demand environment that's attractive, that slightly stay attractive. I think you -- layer on top of that demand attractive, that is mighty in some very specific states where we could purposefully build our business.  And I think when you take those things together with inflation, I think you do have something that is going to be more profound for a period of time, certainly than it has been over the last several years in a marketplace that has either been flat or in some instances down in volume. So, it -- from where I'm sitting, Adam, this is the single most attractive commercial moment during my time as CEO of Martin Marietta.  So, in a 12-year period, I haven't seen anything that looks more attractive than this does. And obviously, we'll talk more about '23 as we get closer to it next year. But keeping in mind, we're not going to feel meaningful input from the IIJA in this calendar year. You're going to start to see that next year there's nothing in what we're seeing that doesn't give me a sense that we're going to be in a very attractive aggregates pricing cycle for a period of years.
C. Howard Nye: And I'm happy to full. Thanks for the question. So, look, you go back over time and think about what we put on the ground back in 2005, 2006, we put 205 million tons in the ground back in 2005. We've added, let's call it 40 million - ish tons or more of capacity since then. And as you can see, we were modestly over 200 million tons last year. That's my way of saying, as we see this ramp up, we can meet whatever is going to be required. Number 2, if we think about cadence, so I would say several things. One, please remember there's about $10 billion of COVID relief aid that you're going to see going into the flow this year.  So, I think that's going to be helpful relative to cadence, particularly in the back half of the year. The other thing to keep in mind from last year is there were about $7 billion in new vote or approved initiatives that were passed last November, and about 4.5 of that was in Texas all by itself. So, what I would say to you is here at half 2 this year, we're going to start feeling I would say a bit of IIJA. We're going to feel the considerable amount of the $10 billion. We're going to start to feel portions of that $7 billion as we roll into 2023.  Typically, if we think about the way a highway bill rolls out, in Year 1, you're going to see about 20% to 25% spot. so that's going to be in '23. In Year 2, it tends to be around 40%, so again, that's going to be and '24. And then the balance of it over the following years. So, it's a practical matter if we're really looking at '23, '24, '25, '26, and '27. Those are going to be the IIJA impacted years and I think that's likely to be the type of roll out that we're going to see, and I think remembering that that's going to be augmented by what we've seen in COVID relief funds together with the voter approved initiatives, is the right way to think of it. So hopefully those percentages at least gave you some direction on that as well.
C. Howard Nye: So, I'm sorry about that. Look, what we're seeing on LNG side is several folds. One, as you recall, field there are several large projects in south Texas that combined have about 13.5 million tons of stone that can be required. Right now, we've got generally one of those jobs we've actually seen a change order on that. That's what the Golden Pass job. So, we're actively involved in that. The fact is whether it's Port Arthur, Rio Grande, Chevron Phillips or Schneier a number of those either have final bids that are going in or there and the processes sorting out exactly where they're going to be.  We believe with energy prices at an elevated level, we are likely to see continued activity there. The other thing that we're seeing it again, I'm sure this is not surprised to is we're seeing more wind activity across the United States. We're also seeing more solar activity across the United States. So, energy is likely going to be an area that we will continue to see activity ramp up. Up in competency at least two different wind farms that are looking for product right now. So, I think between LNG, wind farms and solar, all of which are more aggregates and sensitive than you might otherwise believe. That's going to be a pretty attractive end-use for us for a while with a lot of potential times.
C. Howard Nye: Let's start first with what we've done, what we brought in. And I would say they are all performing at or better than we would've thought. If we look at the Lehigh transaction, California, again, it's ahead of internal expectations after Q1 and by that, I mean on volume, on price, on EBITDA. These assets, we believe have substantial earnings growth and aspects people,  that's in the process of being unlocked. We're talking with our new teammates on the way that we'd like to think about the way running one of those businesses looks like. We talked about the fact that we've successfully put in attractive January 1 increases for all product lines and California.  I think also mentioned that we've got mid-years coming in in that marketplace as well. Again, that's gonna to be around $2 a ton in California. So again, we're very pleased with what we're seeing there. Tiller has been a wonderful acquisition for us as well. Keep in mind in Q1, Tiller is not going to do much because Minnesota just doesn't have that much going on.  But if we look at what we've seen in that business, Number 1, it's a very good business when we bought it. Number 2, we think it's going to be one of the best in class and what Marietta relative to cash flow conversion, we think it's going to be that way for generations to come. It's got very attractive aggregates business, but it also has a very attractive hot mix business and marketplace in which Minnesota has a very aggressive Department of Transportation budget. The other thing that's been important to us there, and it's been a very nice value-add, is some of the excess properties that we've been able to sell that have come out of that business as well. So all-in-all as we're mining there, a lot of it sand and gravel and we're reclaiming property and turning it into very attractive commercial operations or pads going forward, that's been a very attractive business for us.  So, I would tell you that there's been nothing in the major transactions that we did last year that has in any respect been a disappointment. In fact, they've all exceeded what we would have believe. Relative to the optimization, as you would imagine, part of what we've been focused on is what we've long said we are and that it's we are an aggregates led company. At the same time, if we look at the portfolio that we have, I will tell you very candidly, we're very pleased with the portfolio that we have.  So, I wouldn't be looking for enormous changes in that portfolio, but you'll also see with the shifts that we've made and the sale of the ready-mix business in Colorado and Central Texas that we've done, if you look at the initial portfolio breakdown on product line contributions on what it look like before that transact and what it looked like after that transaction, obviously, the aggregates lead portion of it went up fairly notably. And what you'll also see is that we're looking for about a 120 basis points of margin improvement with what we've done relative to the portfolio as well. What you and I know is. Different markets are built differently and some markets you need to be vertically integrated in some markets you don't. Obviously, if we think about the business that we have in Texas, we're the largest aggregates player with the largest  player and the largest ready-mix player. And we think that's an important way to face the market. Equally, if we look at the business that we have in Arizona today, the ready-mix business that we have in Arizona is a very, very attractive ready-mix business.  So, part of what we've done over a period of nearly 30 years now is trying to be very purposeful in where we have built our portfolios, how we built it and what the products are. And we believe with what we've already done and what we had pending right now relative to the sale of Redding in Northern California, the ready-mix in California. And then the preferred transaction that we have with CalPortland relative to . It's a lot of moving parts, but we think it's all value additive moving parts.
C. Howard Nye: Look, thanks for the question on that. So, a couple of things. 1. It doesn't sell for anything that's markedly higher. Part of what is happening with it, Keith, is different departments of transportation have gone about the process of either approving it or not approving it on different timelines. So, it -- frankly, it's now allowed by TxDOT. The short answer is it performs very similar to type one and type two cement, it certainly helps us, Jim outlined with incremental capacity.  It does lower raw material costs and it puts you in a position that you can use less carbon intensive clinker over time as well, so they are just a series of components to it that from a cost input perspective, from an environmental perspective, and the capacity perspective that end up being actually very attractive. And as you know, Keith, we're cement producer in Texas and cement is very tight in Texas. So, from a timing perspective, this is very, very helpful because obviously FM7, which we will add, will bring significant efficiency to that business.  We'll obviously get some other components from those efficiencies that we believe might help, meaning the volume of that market more, combining that with what we see in PLC. That's a very attractive trifecta in a marketplace that seeing increasing pricing right now.
C. Howard Nye: Timna, thank you for the question and the fact is, I think it's going to be -- well, it's real. It's tight. Two, I think it's going to stay tight for a while. If we go and look at the reports that come out from the comptroller, I mean what you will see is Martin Marietta's market share. And again, this is really tied to this conversation that you and I are having, is usually around 20% in that marketplace. We see that move around a little bit. To your point, imported cement has seen its share move around overtime as well.  Historically, imported cement in Texas has been 10-12%. I think the most recent numbers I have seen, has it modestly over 17%. So that gives you a pretty good sense of that's what's having to happen as we speak to make sure that the market is actually fed. I think part of what happens in Texas too, Timna if you think about it, when you're riding in New York, you're riding on asphalt roads. When you're riding in Texas, you're riding on concrete roads and part of the reason I mentioned that is infrastructure has always been one of the higher percentages in Texas of the downstream markets that we have. We think it's going to continue to be that way.  At the same time, if we're looking at the non-residential projects that are underway in that marketplace, day 2 tend to be relatively concrete intensive because they are structural in nature. So, it's a tight yes. Are we actually going to add efficiencies and as I mentioned before, have a byproduct of what we think might be capacity to FMS 7? The answer is yes. Do I think PLC Summit that helps in that marketplace, I think that answer equally is yes. But here's something to keep in mind some West Texas with the energy sector having been where it's been over the last several years, has not been particularly  it we're seeing that market come back right now.  That's some more attractive pricing in state. And at the same time, adding capacity is number one very expensive, and number two regulatorily quite challenging. So that's my way of saying it is tight, it's not manufacturer tied, it's not a labor tight is just tight, and I think it's likely to that way for a while, so I hope that helps Timna.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah, I think volume is clearly going to be growing in the back half of the year and is going to be growing into next year. So, I'll say two things, David, if you think about the ASP increases that we've already seen in Q1 had a major price increases that we're putting it on April 1. Our  start thinking about this year's mid-term, mid-years in that way, as we think about next year. As a general rule and they're always exceptions to general rules as you know, as a general rule you'll recognize about 25% of a mid-year price increase in the year in which you put it, because you're protecting customers on volume that you've already committed to them.  Now, to the extent that they're going through product more quickly this year, you might recognize more. I think the primary thing that I would say relative to the mid-years, David, in fact, in my commentary, but it's the most attractive commercial market that I've seen as CEO. It's simply going to be width, breadth and amount of them. I just think we're in a place that we will see more of them at higher dollars than we've seen for a while. As I think I indicated early on, we're seeing good years that could be anywhere from a dollar a ton to $5 a ton, depending on product and market FX. And it's been long time since you and I've had that type of . 
C. Howard Nye: It's a great question and, Savvy, I do think it's too early to call right now. A lot of the same constraints that we're seeing last year we continue to see right now. I will tell you at least from supply chain to us relative to our own internal capital projects. We're not seeing big issues there in large measure of our supply chain is a domestic supply chain instead of international. But I do believe we're going to be faced with for a while the same labor issues for contractors, though I think that is getting better.  I think transportation will continue to be constrained for a while. The other thing that Jim mentioned, it's not so much a supply issue, it as a cost issue. We did go back and adjust basically where we had our fuel for the rest of the year. We came into the year as I think Jim has mentioned with about a $25 million headwind on fuel, we're assuming it's going to stay there. So actually, in the guidance that we've given you, we've assumed that there's about $75 million headwind on that. So, I wanted to make sure our spoke to you about that headwind as well as what we're seeing overall in supply chain, but I think the short answer is, Courtney, it's still too early to note for sure.
C. Howard Nye: Brent, it's a great question. And I think it's still latter. I think it's fortunate that we've been in a position that as we've gone through cycles with, we've been able to very consistently invest in our business. We've never had to pull back on the CapEx stick for such an extended period of time at such a low base that we've done intrinsic harm to the business. And in fact, if you go back overtime and you see where we've been, we've largely been around 9% of revenues relative to our CapEx and we've been consistent on what we're doing inside our business.  So, I do think that puts us in the position that we can meet customer demands when other businesses that have not been as fortunate, we have from a capital allocation perspective, on occasion, can't. But again, I think it's important to say too, that we're going to be very careful in the way that we do that because we want to make sure we're recognizing the value of our product.
C. Howard Nye: Kathryn, thank you. And thank you all for joining today's earnings conference call. We're confident in Martin Marietta's prospects to continue driving attractive growth and superior shareholder value underscored by our consistently executed strategic priorities and supportive environment in terms of demand and pricing. Integral to the long-term success of our employees, communities and stakeholders are sustainable business practices.  To learn more, we invite you to read our recently published 2021 sustainability report, which is available on the Sustainability Section of our website. We look forward to sharing our second-quarter 2022 results in delight summer. As always, we are available for any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time and continued support of Martin Marietta.
