Jim Nickolas: Thank you Ward. The building materials business achieved record quarterly products and services revenues of $1.1 billion, a 6% increase and gross profit of $328 million, a 14% increase. Aggregates product gross margin expanded 340 basis points to 33%. This margin expansion was driven by improved operating leverage from increased shipment and production levels, combined with pricing gains and the absence of the headwind from selling acquired inventory burdened by acquisition accounting in 2018. For the full year 2019, at the raised guidance levels, we still expect aggregates incremental margins on a same store basis to exceed our 60% target. Moving now to cement. For the second quarter, despite the nearly 5% decrease in shipments, cement product gross margin of 37.6% increased 110 basis points, driven by improve pricing, production efficiencies and lower maintenance costs. Magnesia Specialties continued to benefit from a solid global domain for magnesia chemical products, generating product revenues of $70 million and product gross profit of $29 million, both quarterly records. Payroll product mix, production efficiencies and lower energy costs contributed to the 500 basis point expansion of product gross margin to 41.5%. Our consolidated results included a $16 million out of pure expense to correct the overstatement of equity earnings from a non-consolidated affiliate in prior periods. This pretax non-cash adjustment was recorded in other non-operating expenses net and as a non-recurring item. Looking ahead, we expect full year adjusted EBITDA to be approximately $165 million higher than in 2018. We will use the resulting increase in discretionary cash flow for the continued execution of a balanced capital allocation strategy. We remain focused on creating shareholder value through value enhancing acquisitions, proven organic capital investment, and the opportunistic deployment of free cash flow through shared purchases and dividends, all well returning to a target leverage ratio. For the full year, capital expenditures are expected to range from $350 million to $400 million as we invest in highly term projects. These projects are predominantly geared towards generating greater efficiencies to drive continued margin expansion, though some are specifically focused on increasing targeted capacity. In May, we declared our 100th consecutive quarterly cash dividend. We are proud to be the only public company in our industry to have never reduced or suspended our dividend payments over this time. A testament to our consistent focus and balance sheet strength and operational excellence. Additionally, we returned $50 million to shareholders through the purchase of 230,400 shares of common stock. These shares were repurchased at an approximate price of $215 per share. Since the announcement of our share repurchase program in February, 2015, we've returned more than $1.5 billion to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases, as well as meaningful and sustainable dividends. Our ratio of consolidate net debt to consolidated EBITDA, as defined in our applicable credit agreement was 2.7 times for the trailing 12 months ended June, 2019. While this remains modestly above the top end of our target leverage ratio, we expect to continue deleveraging was an anticipated return to our target leverage ratio up to 2.5 times by the end of the third quarter. As details in today’s release, we raised our full year 2019 guidance to reflect our strong first-half performance and current trends. On a consolidated basis, we expect total revenues to range from $4.535 billion to $4.730 billion and adjusted EBITDA to range $1.200 billion to $1.350 billion. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Ward.
Jim Nickolas: Yeah, Phil, it’s Jim. So the answer to that is really just continued performance that you’ve seen this year continuing in the second half of this year, coupled with the fact that we’re comparing versus prior second half a very, very weather impacted effect the third and fourth quarter. So really continued good performance, stable performance from our perspective this year, for an easy count for the back half the year.
Jim Nickolas: Sure, we’re expecting our CapEx, again, consistent with last year is consistent with our guidance between $315 million to $400 million this year, maybe up incrementally more, if think about as percent of sales as a business grows, will have to, pro rata increase CapEx to some degree just to keep the equipment will maintain et cetera, as we grow. But the more interesting question is next year, I think once we get to our target, that the EBITDA ratio, the target leverage zone two to two and a half times, which will be out by the end of the year, they will have free cash flow and more options to deploy, their free cash flow and I think we need to pull back on our – you’ve heard before our strategic plan for that cash flows is first and foremost of investing in the business and also then the value adding acquisitions. So that is something we think we’ve done well, historically. We think we’ve got more opportunity there. There’s more room to consolidate. And we’ll take advantage of that, at that point. Still we have beyond, of course, we will return to shareholders in the form of opportunistic share repurchases and higher dividends.
Ward Nye: Jim, thanks. To conclude, we’re extremely pleased with our second quarter performance and outlook for the remainder of 2019. During our 25 years as a public company, Martin Marietta has responsibly managed and grown our business to create long term shareholder value. We’re committed to building on our track record of price discipline, strategic geographic positioning, and prudent capital allocation, all the form maintaining our focus on safety, cost discipline, operational excellence, and customer service to drive continued profitability and growth in 2019 and beyond. The operator will now provide the required instructions, we will turn our attention to addressing your questions.
Ward Nye: Trey, thanks for your question. A couple of things. One, if we just look at the second quarter, cement had 15 more days impacted by rain in this quarter than it did last year. To give you a sense of it, that’s about 13 inches of incremental rainfall that we experienced in that Northern and Central Texas area. So that was clearly something that pushed back on the volume. I think your point is actually a very good one. To see volume down and see ASP up 5%, I think it’s a wonderful sign of an underlying marketplace that we think is attractive. There are several observations on that note. One, we did see pricing up nicely in North Texas. We also saw pricing up nicely in Central Texas. So we’re seeing it up at both Midlothian as well as Hunter. So we see what we think is going to be a very busy second half of the year. As you know, typically I don’t call outside of the lines and talk about specific months in the quarter that we’re in right now, I’d like to talk about the quarter that has just concluded. But obviously, we have a great deal of confidence in what have to is going to look like, what else we would not have modified our guidance going forward. More specifically, Trey, if you look at the guidance and see where the moving parts are on that, you’ll see volume growth, as we’ve highlighted in aggregates, but you will also see looking at cement, that we’ve taken up our product revenues and we’ve taken up our gross profit for the business. So I think if you take a look at where pricing is, and what we’ve done relative to our guidance, that does give you a good sense of at least how we viewing have to. The other thing to remember is we did a lot of investment in our tones in the first half of this year. So we also think the cost profile of that business have to look very attractive.
Ward Nye: Sure. Thank you for that, Trey. I guess I would say, do keep in mind, we are seeing hard work roll off, you see what the price increases were. I think the other thing that’s worth noting is if we look at the quarter, actually, we had a very strong quarter in particular, in our Midwest, and Mideast divisions, those are really not two of our overall higher price divisions as you compare them, for example, two parts of the mid-Atlantic and the Southeast. So we think we’re likely to see natural price increases come in. We think we’re likely to see some geographic mix that’s going to be in our favor. And one thing I have to say for operating group to as I reflect on that, to have had the type of growth that we did in Midwest and Mideast, to have had a very wet quarter in Texas and Colorado are two largest states by revenue and to put up 63% incremental margins on a same store basis in the quarter, I think it’s a really good story but I think those building blocks I gave you at the beginning of that answer relative to pricing is what gives us confidence in the way the blog will look for the rest of the year.
Ward Nye: Sure. Kathryn, good to hear your voice. A couple of things as we got walk through the guidance. And so to be very granular on it, original guidance on volume growth for aggregates was 6 to 8. Now it’s 8 to 10. So as we’re looking at that, one thing that we just have to recognize is we’ve hit the midpoint of our guidance relative to volumes in half one. So as we look at it, where we think half two is going to be, we think non-residential is going to stay good. We’re seeing nicely continuing recovery in the Southeast. We think infrastructure looks good in multi-year basis and our customers are thinking backlogs. On the last part of the call, I spoke to a degree on cement with respect to Trey’s question, the one thing that we haven’t changed is our view, at least on the 3 to 5 on ASP. So again, the pricing side has stayed static. The only part of our guidance, really, Kathryn that we took down was the guidance relative to our downstream businesses. In large part recognizing that we are planning for a second half wetter than normal, and we’re planning for a normal onset of wetter in the Rocky Mountains. So really, if we take those two factors, and try to determine what the runway just for the rest of the year could look like from a timing perspective on downstream businesses, we’ve tightened that up a bit. Do I think our cost profile will get better? Yeah, I think it could. I think if you look at half one, the cost profile actually looks pretty good. I think if we look at cost in cement, clearly, we have done a lot of what we would do on those. I think our labor costs are very nicely controlled. I think if you look at where we sit relative to costs with respect to fuel and otherwise today. That’s been a pretty good story, we think it’ll stay that way. If we look year-to-date, just for diesel fuel, June expenses were down 1.5 million lower than prior year, that’s for the first six months on five point more – 5.4% more gallons. So keep in mind, we’re going to have a full year of Bluegrass in fuel numbers. Again, for your quick use, we used about 47.5 million gallons last year. I think our MNR can look pretty good in the second half. If you look at what we have done relative to CapEx over the last several years, that should continue to be a very good story on our cost profile. You know what said when you put in that group CapEx, what it can do to DD&A is push that up very modestly, as you work those costs off overtime. But Kathryn, if you’re looking at labor, you look at DD&A, maintenance and repair and energy. You’ve worked through close to 30% of your costs on labor, and then at heavier costs at 15% after that, and given what we think can be the volume leverage, we think cost profile can again be very attractive. I hope that color was helpful.
Ward Nye: Thank you, Kathryn. I guess a couple of things. I mentioned in my prepared comments, two things. I mentioned, the bipartisan two year agreement that was basically met last week, which we thought was encouraging. And that’s what gives us confidence around in a worst case scenario, something that feels like flat on infrastructure actually liked very much again, I referenced this in the prepared comments what EPW did yesterday. So you’ve got a republican controlled environment and Public Works Committee and the Senate, that’s basically authorizing a 27% increase in transportation spending. That’s notable. The thing to remember is Kathryn, historically, the way that this works and reauthorization process is usually it’s kicked to the house in the first instance. And the House Transportation and Infrastructure committee looks at this comes out with their view of the bill and then Senator EPW comes in afterward. I think the fact that the republican controlled senate and EPW has come up with a nice increase on what they’re calling America’s Transportation Infrastructure Act, in the first instance, is really attractive for what we may watch for coming out of House T&I. You know and I know that the real debate is going to be around, what would the pay for look like? I believe the debate around pay will be divided somewhere between varying degrees of user fees, whether it be truck rates, whether it be electric car batteries or otherwise, or fuel gas taxes. I don’t think it’s going to be any one of those. I think it’s going to be an array of those. I think we’ll have good policy. The debate is going to be around what funding is going to be, but I think we have a President who would like to see it. We clearly have a democratic congress that would like to see it. And we have a republican control EPW that has come out with what we feel like it’s a very good start. We don’t think that’s a bad place to be here as we enter have to this year.
Ward Nye: You know you bet. Scott, I guess several things, one, looking at margins in cement that are in the mid to high 30s to something will take every day. So that’s a business that actually performed well in the quarter when I think if somebody was saying what’s this cement business is simply going to look like in a wet second quarter in Texas. I’m not sure if people would have thought it would have looked that good. I think the ready mix business, basically looking at the weather that they had in Texas, actually performed reasonably well. I do like the fact that you’re seeing the ASPs go up. Are you seeing ASPs go up more quickly in a market like Colorado, than you are in a marketplace like Texas? The answer is yes. But equally were the markets in Texas that were hit hardest by rain, specific North Texas and around DFW, some of our higher priced ready mix markets, the answer to that question is equally, yes. So again, if we look at the position that we have in Texas, we are the largest producer of aggregates, we are the largest producer of cement and we’re the leading ready mix producer. But again, we focus that in a very intentional fashion in that large Texas triangle, we feel like that’s a – that market is built in a vertically integrated fashion. We’re a leader in that market and we’ve been able to as we go through cycles to extract value all the way through our product offerings in that marketplace. So what I would suggest to you is much of what you’re looking at relative to the downstream businesses in Q2 was a weather event driven circumstance. I think cement performed in that – in that marketplace extraordinarily well. And again, I would take you back to the ASPs, seeing ASPs up 3 and ready mix with volume down 16. Actually, I think that tells you the story on what the underlying demand looks like. And we do like our position all the way through the products in that state, Scott.
Ward Nye: No, sure, Scott, I’ll do that. And keep in mind, we have to be careful because we can have terms of art when we speak to the Southeast and we can have just normal conversational tones of what we mean when we’re talking about the Southeast to United States. So I think at times people are looking at our Southeast business. At times, they’re looking at the bottom right hand corner of the map of the United States. But I would say is this, and let’s talk about the bottom right hand corner of the map of the United States, because I think that’s how people think of that business. If we’re looking at North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida in particular, those are states that overtime, we would have expected some of the most attractive if not the single most attractive margins that we would see in our business. Clearly, you’re seeing I say, ASP rise in the Southeastern United States, in part because to your point, if you look at Georgia and North Carolina, in particular have been, they’re still around 28-ish percent below mid cycle on volumes, but they’ve not behave from a pricing perspective, is it that they’re that far off on volumes. So what we’re seeing in this quarter for an example, is we’re seeing places like Greensboro in North Carolina, recovering in a very nice way for literally about the first time in a decade. We think that’s incredibly important as Raleigh been in recovery mode, it has been has Charlotte been yes. Has Greensboro lag it has, and it’s doing noticeably better now. Yes, equally Atlanta coming out of the recession, Atlanta, as you recall, Scott, was hit disproportionately hard. Atlanta send a very nice recovery mode now on both public and private work. And if we look at Georgia DOT budget today is really considerably more attractive than it was several years ago. But if we’re looking at some very large projects that are likely to be led in that marketplace over the next several years, we think that’s important. It’s probably worth looking at some point of major mobility investment program that George is looking at and targeting around $12 billion to reduce congestion along key carter’s in that state. So I think back to your question. If you’re looking at the Southeastern United States, we think the recovery is early, we think the recovery is notable. And I think your observation that you’re not hearing us had broad based concerns around rail performance is notable. I mean, obviously we saw good performance from the railroads in the Western U.S. in the first half and we continue to have good service from the railroads in the east. We think all that pretends very well for that Southeastern portion of our business.
Ward Nye: You know couple of things, one, I think you’re entirely right. Part of what we said last year was we thought logistics would get better. We thought trucking would get better, and we thought rail would get better. And we didn’t think it would be cured over a quarter, but we thought it would be cured over the course of several quarters. And I’m not saying it’s cured, but we are saying it’s considerably better. So I think what we have learned in that respect is about right. With respect to labor, I’m going to bifurcated that and I’m going to speak to it in two halves. The first half is what does our labor look like? Do we have the capacity in most instances to put the stone on the ground that’s required for projects, including wrap up? The short answers yeah, I think we do. I think we could certainly do that. Is there a governor at times in certainly markets relative to contract labor, I think to a degree in some markets, if you have a higher degree of seasonality in a market, you can have some of that today? It’s odd to look at it and see volume up 10%. And be talking about a governor because we actually like what we saw in the quarter. We like what we’ve seen in the first half, we think it’s going to be a very busy second half. We are not going to be labor constrained. In our side of the equation, it will see how hard contractors can run. I will tell you; I think contractors are doing a considerably better job of putting material down when they can. I think the last several years of being extremely wet. We have pushed contractors to adjust their schedules, and we see them overcoming bottlenecks in ways in 2019, that I don’t think we would have seen in 2017. Now to the extent that they can’t get all the work done that they would like to in 2019, the good news is I think it gets pushed into 2020. So I think we’re looking at something that we’ve already captioned is going to be a record year this year. And I like how much build I see at this point going into 2020.
Ward Nye: Okay, thank you for the observation on that. I would say two things. Are we seeing some of the energy projects in the Gulf come through? The answer is yes. I mean, to give you a sense of it we will probably sell a million tons to some of those projects this year. But here’s what I think is more impressive about what we saw the court on non-residential, and that was it was broad based. If we’re looking at the Southwest, the mid-Atlantic, the Midwest, the Mideast, the Southeast, they were all up on non-res. So we’re not saying one big project in one part of the country that’s just soaking up all the noise on non-res. We’re saying good energy activity as I just indicated. We’re seeing reasonable sale activity. We’re seeing continued warehousing activity. We’re seeing large distribution activity. We’re seeing wind farms. We’re seeing datacenters. So part of what I like about non-res is it seems to be fairly widely dispersed. And one of the things that you’ve heard us speak to Phil, is how important we believe it is to grow our businesses on these notable and significant corridors. So on I-25, and I-35 and I-85 and I-95 and interstate 40, all of which are very active quarters for corridors for traffic. We’re seeing notable non-res activity in those corridors and we’re participating in those in ways that we would have expected. So is a 37% overall piece of the pie on non-res notable it is. But we think it’s got some sustainability to it. Based on the numbers that we’re seeing we believe that it does. Again, I want to give you some color there, Phil.
Ward Nye: And Phil, just as reminder, when we hit 63% in the second quarter with our top two states hit hard by weather and without a big place in the East being really driven by the Midwest and Mid-East, again, I think that underscores Jim’s point, we feel pretty good about where the incrementals are going.
Ward Nye: Yeah, the only thing that I could say relative to mix is if you do end up with more brand new infrastructure project starting, you could see a higher degree of base move on those. And again, the margins that we would experience some base sales is not going to be notably different than the margin, we might experience some clean. But as you know, you can have a 25% to 30% delta in ASP moving from a base product to a clean stone product. So could you see some bit of that in that? I suppose. Are we concerned that that might do anything to change our guidance? We’re not concerned about that Garik. And I guess the other thing that I would say is we’ve spoken with our customers about their backlogs. That’s really what gives us the competence as we look into have to relative to infrastructure because we’re looking at Mid-Atlantic backlogs that customers would say, from their perspective, or up at times to read 30% if where they were last year, we’re looking at backlogs in the Midwest, where customers are saying they may be up as much as 25% of where they were in the prior year. We’re looking the Southwest same type of activity. Customers are saying they may be up as much as 14%. And when we’re talking to customers in cement, they’re talking about numbers that can even be ahead of those percentages that I just gave you. So if we’re looking at where DOTs are and they are bidding, and what’s happening. And keep in mind, you’ve got $8.7 billion worth and Texas going up to 9.1 next year. Colorado’s got to point $2.2 billion DOT budget this year versus $1.6 billion last year. North Carolina is expecting a record year. We’re looking at Florida at $10.8 billion for FY 2019-2020. And we’re looking at Maryland at the largest P3 Highway project in North America. So if we think about really why we have confidence in the continued emergence of public works, it’s the customer backlogs and it’s the dialogue come in the DOTs that gives us that underlying confidence.
Ward Nye: Yeah, look, for the full year 2018, we had, it looks like it’s $14.4 million worth of expenses, we’re looking at $19.2 million worth of expenses this year. And again, the biggest piece of that was front loaded. So we feel like we’re going to be in a very attractive year. We’re $5 million more into killing expense in the first half of this year versus where we were in the last year. So you can take those numbers and get a very good build as you go through.
Ward Nye: Stanley thanks for the question. I guess several things. One, this was in fact the finest quarter that we’ve had with Bluegrass since it’s been under our ownership. We saw nice incremental tonnage for the quarter. We’ve seen nice incremental tonnage for the first half. We exceeded all the synergy targets that we projected. And remember Stanley, this energy targets, we projected we’re operating synergy target. So I’d like to say we’re getting those the hard way. We think culturally, we have brought a business into our business that has worked extraordinarily well. So for example, I’m really very proud to tell you that through the first half of the year, there were no last time insurance at any Bluegrass site. And that’s a very different story than it was last year. And you recall, that’s the same type of story that we had after we had acquired TXI. So are we pleased with much larger position, particularly in Atlanta than then we had before? Yeah, we are. Do we feel like that positions is particularly well, as we start thinking about what Georgia DOT will do over the next several years on that major mobility investment program? Yeah, we do. Being in Maryland, for you got the largest P3 activity in the country. And we think is an exciting place to be. And I will tell you a couple of weeks ago, I was looking through the Bluegrass operations in Kentucky that has fit very nicely into our Southern Ohio Business. Very good people, very good operations, doing everything that we thought it would do. So yes, we’re very pleased with every aspect of that. I did give some commentary in my prepared remarks on our views on what we think we would like to be able to do commercially with that business going forward and we will continue to be focused on that.
Ward Nye: Stanley, Jim has a high class problem. And that is he gets to go out and do the largest – second largest transaction our company’s history last April. And by the time he gets to the end of third quarter this year, he’s back within his target ratio. So again, making sure that we use that money really wisely is going to be a key priority for us.
Ward Nye: I guess what I would say is this, if you look at our top 10 states, several things worth noting. We’re clearly outperforming the nation. So if we look at our top 10, as you said, national prominence relatively flat, our top 10 are up four. If we look at single family, they’re up to, if you look at multifamily, we’re up nine versus the nation up one. So I think that just underscores why where you are in this business matters so desperately. We’re seeing affordability best in places like the Midwest, the Southeast, and Southwest. And we think if you look at those regions of the country, that’s simply where we have a very notable geographic advantage. And if you look at where the population trends are going, we like where we’re sitting there as well. So as we look at housing, and again, it was something I tried to speak to and my prepared remarks, we see that in Martin Marietta geographies continuing to be very attracted. The piece of it that surprised me, Adam, has been the resilience of multifamily and I think in many respects, multifamily has continued to be resilient, because homeowners, home builders are shifting to more affordable homes right now. But at the same time, there’s some real estate that has to be acquired for them to do that. So I think we’re going to end up with something on multifamily that continues to look attractive. And I think we’ve got the next leg of single family on affordable res that’s still ahead of us.
Ward Nye: We’re going to try to keep the appropriate balance. And we’re going to be moved, but what is – what is the deal? I mean, at the end of the day, what I think people expect us to do, is to do the right transactions for the long term Martin Marietta shareholder. And I think that was TXI. I think that was swapping the river for the Rockies. I think that was doing Bluegrass. And if you look at your question, specifically around large transactions, if you look at the large transactions that we’ve done as a company, and what we’ve been able to do relative to integrating those and standardizing those transactions, I think we’ve got an incredibly capable team of people here who assess those transactions, and then also an incredible cable team who integrate those transactions. So to the extent that the large deals become available, if they do, and they’re in markets that we find moving, if they can be done in a fashion that builds value, we’re going to be there. But equally, I would suggest to you that we have been very disciplined. And when the transaction doesn’t work, we will quit simply walk away from it.
Ward Nye: No, Jerry, I think they’re clearly, yes, I think several things play into that. One, what happens with the volume profile? So to your point, you’re looking over 25 year period that we’ve been a public company for example and what we need to step back and say as we’ve been through really a decade period of time, where volume has been incredibly challenged, but pricing has done very, very well. So here we are, for the first time in a long time, having a conversation about volumes up double-digits, right. And if you think back to the metric that you and I have spoken up before, Jerry, we’ve said, as a practical matter, you can look at aggregate volume growth, and pricing growth, and link those two things together to a degree. And our view has long then that pricing was going to lag volume modestly in a volume recovery mode. So if you go back over that same time frame that you’re speaking of, and you take that metric that I just described, I think you would find that we’re brought we’ve been broadly very correct on that. And I think if we’re hitting a point in time, where you really, you’re starting to see infrastructure, get some legs, and you can see a greater series of volume build over a period of time. Candidly, in a world where barriers to entry, continue to be high and are getting higher for significant parts of the business. I think all those are the building blocks that leads you to the question that you’re asking and why we feel confident on that.
Ward Nye: I don’t want to get too far ahead of my customers, but I think it’s fair to say when customers feel like they’ve got good backlogs, and they’ve got a good outlook is an easier pricing conversation with customers, Jerry.
Ward Nye: No, that’s a great question, Jerry. Look back to some of the commentary I offered before. As I look at non-res in particular is Southwest up? Yes. Up notably in a percentage? Yes. Is mid-Atlantic, same thing? Yes. Midwest, same thing. Mideast, same thing, every one of those divisions that I just called out for you, from a percentage change perspective on non-res are up double-digits. And many of these projects tend to be longer term projects. The one thing I did mention before is we’re going to sell about a million tons this year into some of the large Gulf energy projects. And again, those have been slow and coming. They tend to be multi-year. And part of what I like about that Jerry is in that’s – this year, we see probably five more projects that will be out for bid or award late this year, early next year, that’s probably 3 million tons on those. Again, these are just broad projects. I’m not saying we’re going to get these. And then there’s tiling on another five or six that we think is a little bit farther out than that. That’s about 11.5 million tons on those. So again, those are those large impact energy projects, separate and distinct from the share plays, the warehouse and the distribution, the wind farms and the datacenters. So again, we seek what we think is very attractive, widespread to your question, very specifically growth in non-res.
Ward Nye: Yeah, we’re probably factoring in a modest, more favorable product mix on that infrastructure piece of that probably modestly more favorable geographic mix in some respects. So that they may wash themselves out to a degree. I think one thing that’s always incumbent on us, at the end of the quarter is to walk you through it and give you but the puts and takes are on it. But again, my view on base work, just to be really clear, Brent, has always been a very positive view on base. Because what I know is, if we had the privilege of putting base down on a job, the day and the hour is going to come that we will likely put clean stone on top of that base. So it tends to be longer term, more mature type work and that’s what we do best.
Ward Nye: It’s pretty wide ranging, but I would tend to put six to nine months after base that you start to see notable clean stone going on top of it.
Ward Nye: Well, I think you’ve got several things. One, I think you do have a good infrastructure play and good private place there. I think the other thing that’s worth noting is you do have to play some plays, particularly in the northern part of that state. And part of what we tried to do is we try to be very visionary going in as depletion place occur and building rail yards. And highway 34 rail yard, which is just coming on really this year in Weld County, which is north of Denver, but south of Cheyenne is an important part of the growth story in that state. And we think we are extraordinarily well positioned in Northern Colorado, and in Denver, and now in Southern Colorado. So remember, when we initially went into that marketplace with our asset swap, it was really a Denver North business. And now after some ball ponds that we did, several years after the initial river for the Rockies transaction, it puts us up and down that I-25 corridor in Colorado in a way that really others don’t possess right now. And that’s 80 plus percent of the population in the state, and in a state that has very nice population demographics, and very high environmental barriers to entry. So we think all that tallies up to what we feel like can continue to be a nice growth story for that business.
Ward Nye: Relative to residential for the ex-weather? I guess what I would say is, if we’re looking in Florida looks good. Texas looks good. Maryland looks good. South Carolina looks good. And North Carolina multifamily looks good. I would guess that if we’re looking for, where’s it tougher, I guess maybe parts of the Midwest probably are not seeing the same degree of housing starts that you might see in more of the Southeast and Southwest. But again, that’s not a big surprise to us, because you really see stronger population demographics moving south and toward the coastal areas.
Ward Nye: Sure. Look liquid asphalt costs are up there up about 15%, so if we’re looking at Q2 cost per ton, it was about $443. That was up just to be clear, about $67 over prior year. We’re taking full year price average might be up about 450 per ton, that’s about a 12% year-over-year part. Again, what we’re seeing in and hot mix is actually pretty good pricing on what we’re doing as well. And then here’s what I like about our hot mix business. And keep in mind, it’s uniquely a Colorado business. Our current backlog on hot mix customers is considerably over where it was last year. We’re looking at about a 40% increase over where it was last year. And as we spoke earlier, infrastructure backlog is up significantly as Colorado duty and the municipalities in that states have increased their funding. But equally important residential backlog has increased year-over-year, as homebuilders remain bullish and the market demand is increased there. So again a very nice public and private story for us relative to hot mix in the Colorado market.
Ward Nye: Adrian, thanks for your question. I guess what I would say is relative to labor, if you look and see where the lowest unemployment numbers are, those will be the areas that contractors are struggling most. So is that at times a struggle for them and portions of the Southwest? Sure. Is it a time of struggle in Colorado? I have no doubt that it is. And at times even a struggle in Southeast. At the same time, I think what we’re seeing is contractors are paying more now because I think they see more demand. And so I think that the market has responded in many respects in a way that you would have expected the market to. With respect to growing our business, we’re an aggregate slow business. You’ve heard us say it for a long time, it is aggregates lead strategic cement targeted downstream, but we began with aggregates and began with that for a reason. And we do aggregates, we think very, very well. And those are the businesses that we are most moved by and those are the businesses that we will be disproportionally focused on and it's the ones that have taken us through 25 years and put us in a position that we believe that we've been able to build shareholder value very consistently. And it's a play book that we are going to stick to because we know it and we think we are good at it.
Ward Nye: Thank you for joining our second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. With our step as commitment to the disciplined execution of our strategic plan and world-class attributes of our business, Martin Marietta is well positioned to deliver continued growth and enhance shareholder value. We believe 2019 will be another record year for Martin Marietta and we look forward to discussing our third quarter 2019 results in few months. As always, we're available for any follow-up questions. Thanks you for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta.
