James A. J. Nickolas: Thank you, Ward. The Building Materials business achieved products and services revenues of $1.1 billion, a 12% increase and at all-time record for the company. Gross profit increased 7% to $288 million. These results include a $61 million product revenue contribution from the acquired Bluegrass operations and adjusted gross margins comparable with our heritage Mid-Atlantic and Southeast operations. Overall, aggregates product gross margin was 30.4%, which includes an $8 million negative impact related to selling acquired inventory after it was marked up to fair value as part of acquisition accounting. Excluding this impact, adjusted aggregates product gross margin was 31.6% or relatively flat compared with the prior quarter despite weather disruptions and higher diesel expenses that negatively impacted our quarterly cost and efficiency profile. As Ward mentioned, our cement operations benefited from volume and pricing growth in Texas, leading to a 210-basis point expansion of product gross margin to 33.1%. Magnesia Specialties once again posted record revenues and profitability as the business benefits from increased global demand for magnesia chemical products as well as strong domestic steel production. Operating efficiencies and lower unit energy costs contributed to a 370-basis point expansion in product gross margin to 39.2%. During the third quarter, we commenced a planned restructuring initiative to consolidate 20 sites and the associated mixer truck fleet for Southwest ready mixed concrete operations. These actions are designed to improve the long-term profitability of the Southwest business. We incurred a $7 million restructuring charge, which was recorded in other operating expenses for the West Group, for related asset impairment and severance costs. This restructuring should pay for itself in less than 12 months. Our strong cash flow allowed us to repurchase 305,000 shares of our common stock at a total cost of $60 million during the quarter. In addition to share repurchases, our board of directors approved a 9% increase to our quarterly cash dividend payment in August. This is one of the larger percentage increases in the company's annual dividend, and indicative of our positive business outlook. Since becoming a public company in 1994, we have steadily maintained or increased our dividend, including throughout the long years of the Great Recession. We have now returned more than $1.3 billion to shareholders through a combination of meaningful and sustainable dividends and share repurchases since the announcement of our share repurchase program in February 2015. We also made a contribution of $150 million to our qualified defined benefit plan during the quarter. As a result, this plan is now fully funded and we were able to deduct these contributions out of 2017 federal income tax return at a higher rate compared with the new lower corporate federal income tax rate for 2018. For the trailing 12 months ended September 2018, our ratio of consolidated net debt to consolidated EBITDA as defined in the applicable credit agreement was 2.72 times. We expect to be modestly above the top-end of our target leverage ratio of 2 to 2.5 times at year-end, remaining well within our covenants in our credit agreements. 2018 capital expenditures are currently expected to be $375 million down from our initial full year guidance of $450 million to $500 million. This reduction is largely a function of managing project timing as well as prioritizing projects focused on capital efficiency and higher returns. Martin Marietta will continue to further shareholder value by opportunistically deploying free cash flow through growing dividends and share repurchases, as well as value enhancing acquisitions improving organic investment, all while returning to our target leverage ratio. We remain on track to again deliver record revenues and EBITDA for the full year. As detailed in today's release, we updated our full year 2018 guidance to reflect our year-to-date results and expectations. We now expect heritage aggregate shipments to range from flat to up 1% and heritage pricing to increase in the range of 3% to 4%. On a consolidated basis, we expect total revenues to range from $4.135 billion to $4.255 billion and adjusted EBITDA to range from $1.100 billion to $1.145 billion. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ward.
James A. J. Nickolas: Yeah. So, Stanley, the company's capital allocation priorities are unchanged. The first call on capital is the right acquisition that will enable our successful execution of our growth plan, followed with investing in business in organic growth and CapEx that Ward mentioned being relatively constant for the next year. And then beyond that, returning cash to shareholders through a meaningful, sustainable dividend, all while targeting – and the share repurchases, all while targeting our 2 to 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Just going to point out, in the last six months, we've completed the second largest acquisition in the company's history, which was all cash and debt financed. Since then, we've de-risked the balance sheet, paying down debt and funding our qualified defined benefit plan. Additionally, as we mentioned, we bought back shares in Q3, $60 million worth. It's been about 11/2 years since we repurchased shares. So we're back in the market. We also increased the dividend 9% this August. So, we're feeling very good about our future. And with the equity market sell-off of late, we view our shares as cheap and we'll be actively considering share repurchases. We'll be opportunistic with a balanced approach with our cash flow. But, again, given our positive outlook for the future and our expectations for growing earnings, share repurchases will be funded through cash flow from operations going forward. We are focused on lowering our leverage to within our target ratio. We're going to keep strengthening the balance sheet. But, again, given the cheap stock price, we're going to be looking at that as well. All in all, we're taking a balanced approach and we expect to fund the needs of the business, repay debt and repurchase shares, all while de-levering over the next 12 months.
James A. J. Nickolas: If your question's on Q3, it was September rains, if your question's on Q4, it's the rains we've already seen in October so far for Texas.
C. Howard Nye: Thanks, Jim. We're confident about Martin Marietta's outlook given the disciplined execution of our strategic plan and our attractive geographic footprint. Looking ahead to 2019, we anticipate mid-single digit growth in both aggregate shipments and pricing. The demand for our construction materials combined with widespread customer optimism is strong and we see no signs these dynamics will abate in either the short or longer term. Importantly, we have the ability and capacity to meet future market demands. Remember, our overall aggregate shipments are still 10% below mid-cycle demand with key states such as Georgia and Maryland, home to the majority of the former Bluegrass operations, along with North Carolina, 20% to 25% below mid-cycle demand. We fully intend to benefit from the strong underlying demand dynamics and believe the current construction cycle will continue to grow at a steady pace in 2019 for each of the company's three primary construction end-use markets. If the operator will now provide the required instructions, we'll turn our attention to addressing your questions.
C. Howard Nye: Good afternoon, Kathryn. Thanks for your question. I think part of what you just said answers the first part of it. So, if we come back and say, looking at state lettings and contract awards in Florida, they're up 21%. In North Carolina, they're up 65%. In Texas, they're up 33%. So when we're looking at that type of activity in the public area where, as you know, over the last several years, it's been below 40% of our volumes, we think this is good evidence that it's heading back toward more traditional areas as well at least on a percentage basis, because as you recall, we typically range from 45% to 48%, not less than 40%. So if we're looking at that and we expect more public activity, we think that's actually very good. We think in those states it's very good. Here's what we also see, we're seeing more design-build work and design-build work typically means larger, more complicated projects. In many places, we see this replacing some P3 work, which we actually think is really quite good. So, from your perspective, Kathryn, they're larger jobs. They're more complicated jobs. Oftentimes, they have multiple primes. And those types of work are typically from the ground up. And what I mean by that is you'll see the entire array of aggregate products from base material at the very beginning of projects to clean stone as it's incorporated into asphalt or concrete as we go through. I think that's the biggest piece on infrastructure. We also feel good about non-res and we feel good about res. If we're looking at the Dodge Momentum Index, that and the ABI both remain positive. We're looking at the next large wave of multi-year energy projects coming into Texas, really, as we go into 2019. And the other thing that strikes us is, in Martin Marietta markets, housing still remains very strong. We're looking at housing numbers this year that are still well below the 50-year average of 1.5 million starts. We see that there's not enough new or existing homes available to meet current demand. We're talking with homebuilders and listening to their commentary as well and they're seeing strong housing fundamentals. And I think the other piece of it that's important is if you think about where the majority of our footprint is, it's southeastern and southwestern, and we feel like those geographies really offer superior opportunities for housing in the near term and the longer term. So I hope that answered both parts of your question, Kathryn.
C. Howard Nye: Well, I think if we had seen that go the way that we thought it would, I think shipments would have been up 12% for the quarter, and that's very much in keeping with what we thought. Seeing that type of a double digit performance for the quarter was wholly consisted with what we see in underlying market demand. And that's what gives us the type of confidence that we have looking into 2019 as well, Kathryn.
C. Howard Nye: Thank you, Kathryn. I think it's twofold. Number one, business was better in Atlanta and we think that will continue to be the case. And number two, business was improving at the Florida yards. Florida DOT has a very good DOT budget this year. They're going to have a very similar looking budget next year. And obviously, the more we see going into Florida the better. Keep in mind the southeastern pricing still would have had a headwind relative to more lower priced sand products coming into that market from offshore as well. So what I would say is, as we look at that overall market, we think it's attractive and we think it's early attractive.
C. Howard Nye: Good afternoon, Phil. The markets that were particularly looking good, Mid-Atlantic was looking good; North Carolina was demonstrating good attractive growth. We were seeing good attractive growth in the Southeast. We were seeing attractive growth in Texas when the weather was dry and we were seeing attractive growth in the Midwest when weather was dry. So as we look across the vast majority of our footprint, we were seeing good activity in all of them. And the other thing that I think is important, Phil, is as we look into 2019, what I would tell you is each one of our division presidents think that they're going to have a better 2019 than they did 2018. So, I hope that's helpful.
C. Howard Nye: Absolutely. So, if we look at the ready mix business, what I would say is twofold. A very attractive healthy ready mix business in Colorado; we were clearly weather affected in Texas. You still saw volumes up in Texas despite the fact that it was the wettest September on record. So, I would say those would be the primary drivers relative to the Texas business. If we think about asphalt all by itself what I will say is this, you had larger projects in Colorado this year, but there were fewer of them. So, you had large projects more focused around Denver. So, as a practical matter, you were seeing more contractors vying for fewer but larger projects. We think that rule is actually changing next year and we're likely to see much more work up and down the I-25 corridor, which is what we've typically seen. You might have seen that, really, even as we got toward mid-year, the general tax revenues in Colorado were so attractive that Colorado was looking to let a good bit of work in calendar year – calendar quarter Q4 right now. So, again, I think that was the single largest driver relative to hot mix. And you also had liquid pricing moving up. I do think, in many respects, that's going to be helpful relative to hot mix pricing. That's not something we're particularly concerned about because most of our projects are indexed in that state, and we do have our own storage facility not far outside Greeley. So, again, Phil, I hope that was helpful.
C. Howard Nye: When the volumes are working the way that we saw the volumes working in July and August, Scott, the cost profile, the pricing, everything else is actually working just as you would expect. You nailed it. The fact is, if you look at a North Carolina and a Texas, which are two outsized disproportionately important states for North Carolina, when those two have the types of events that we saw in Q3, we're going to feel it. So, actually, as I step back and take a look at the business, recognizing what it had endured in those two states and the results that we put up, actually feel quite good about that. And again, I think to the extent that you believe as we do that 2019 is going to be a year where you see good volumes in those states. I think it actually portends very well for what we see in the year ahead.
C. Howard Nye: My general view is design-build jobs are ones that we should celebrate, because if you go back to some of the things that I think you've heard from the industry over the past several years, at times, some of the holdups have been in getting design work out of DOTs because of labor constraints. I think to the extent that you're seeing large JVs come forward with design-build projects in today's environment, I think that actually serves to accelerate contract delivery and execution. The other thing that I believe that I think is really going to help Scott is, keep in mind, the more public work we see going on, particularly design-builds or others, these typically will have good hard finish dates relative to them. And I think that's also going to keep good pace to the overall construction activity. You don't see that as much in non-res. You clearly don't see it as much in residential. So, as I look at a higher degree of design-build, I actually view that as good news for the industry and, in that context, I mean the building materials industry.
C. Howard Nye: I think this year has gone – if you look at where we're guiding, we're guiding very much within the range that we talked about at the beginning of the year. What I'm seeing right now relative to next year actually looks to be a better environment in many respects because I think people recognize the underlying demand is so strong. Here's something that we can look at internally, Jerry, and I think it underscores why we feel good about the pricing. We're going into 2019 with all of our downstream businesses having the largest backlogs in their history. And what we're hearing from many of our customers is they're in the same place. So, as a practical matter, it's not unusual for a sophisticated downstream customer to not want to run away from a price increase because, in many respects, that helps them in their business all by themselves. So, at this point, we'll obviously come out later with more definitive guidance relative to pricing in 2019. But we're certainly seeing clean stone increases in many areas between $1 and $2 a ton. And I think that actually gives you a great snapshot of what we're hearing relative to demand and how people are looking at 2019.
C. Howard Nye: Well, I think much of it goes back to some of the commentary that we made in the prepared remarks. And that is take a look at the part of the country that's still operating considerably below mid-cycle and if you start seeing the type of performance out of Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others that certainly population trends would indicate, those are some of the most powerful places in which we operate and that would clearly drive EBITDA in some very different ways. The other thing that I'll remind you is coming into the year this year, obviously, cement has had, again, what I think is a pretty attractive year. But we also came into the year having done a large capital project on our Midlothian plant last year. And we were a little bit slow coming out of the gate in January and February in the cement market in Texas. So, again, if you think about what I believe is going to be a very attractive Texas cement market next year and a very attractive southeastern and Mid-Atlantic aggregates market next year, I'll let you do the math. But, again, I think those are markets that probably help answer your questions as well as anything.
C. Howard Nye: I think, from our perspective, there is not any. So if you're looking at it purely from a Martin Marietta perspective, we can put on the ground whatever contractors require. I think one of the issues the contractors are working through right now is simply relative to labor and what's going on with respect to trucking. And here are a couple of things that I would point out to. In a host of our markets, we're simply seeing contracts working longer hours and working weekends. That's not a surprise. The end of the year is coming. We're also seeing truck driver shortages being addressed in several ways. We see, in a number of markets, $1,000 bonuses being given to drivers. Drivers are being given free healthcare. But here are some stats that I think are important to keep in mind, Mike. AGC put out a report in August of 2018 and 62% of contractors have turned to base pay increases because they recognize they need to get more people in to do the work. And I think if we come back and say, has labor been an issue for contractors through this year? It absolutely has. Has trucking been a shortage? It has. I think people are addressing it. One of our large contractors here in North Carolina would tell me he's going to have a record year and every day there are 10% fewer trucks available than he wishes. But that's not something that I think is going to persist. So, again, I do think rail has also been a bit of a bottleneck this year. I do see that getting better. You can listen to the earnings calls from the different Class 1 railroads. I think they're very focused on dealing with this, and we do see progress in that regard. So are there bottlenecks? There are. Are they on our end? They're not. Do we see them in large part getting better? We do.
C. Howard Nye: What would tell you is, let's all watch that together. I think ARCO (38:44) would tell you that there are over 300 ballot initiatives on various ballots today. That gives you a great feel for simply how many projects there are out there and how many jurisdictions are looking at it. One of the things that we would just watch, because we're curious, we're anxious to see how things go in Colorado this evening. We think Colorado is going to be in a great place if nothing happens. But, keep in mind, there are two different ballot initiatives in that state this evening. One inspirationally called Let's Go, Colorado, and the other a little bit more bluntly, Fix Our Damn Roads. So we'll watch that carefully and see how that shakes out.
C. Howard Nye: Look, I'll address the CapEx, then I turn it over to Jim to give you a little bit more color. Here is what I would say, look, we've been spending CapEx above DD&A for the past several years. And I think we've actually spent it very well. I think if we're looking at something below $400 million this year as we really look at the full year, I would tell you that's probably not a bad ZIP code for you to start thinking about next year as well. We're going to be focused on CapEx that really gives the type of return that we expect and you would expect, so we probably will see that dial back just a little bit. But I know your question was more than just about CapEx, so let me turn the balance of it over to Jim to respond.
C. Howard Nye: And Stanley, I guess the punch line is we've got a high-class problem. I think we're going to be in a place that we can fund our CapEx the way that we need to. I think we do transactions really well. I think we've got a team that not only does the transactions themselves well, but I know we have an operating team that makes them perform extraordinarily well. And again, being in a position that we can take a look at share buybacks and doing things like we're doing with the dividend puts us in a very attractive spot and we're going to enjoy this and take advantage of it.
C. Howard Nye: Well, what I would encourage you to do is just do some other channel checks and get a sense of where you think competitors are there as well. And my guess is you'll get some comfort when you look at that. That's certainly what we're seeing is as we hear from customers and others in that marketplace. I think the other piece of it goes back to some of the commentary that I offered before, and that is the downstream business' backlogs are really very, very high. And this was a year in which cement was relatively tight in Texas. I think you could certainly see that next year as well. And again, the location of those plants and where I think we are in the cycle is what gives me the type of confidence around that that I have as we go into 2019.
C. Howard Nye: I don't think it's going to bleed into next year. Obviously, it significantly affected the quarter. As I indicated in the prepared remarks, we did have two quarries in the eastern part of the state that ended up being a catcher's mitt for a lot of floodwater. What I'll tell you is, sadly, we have gotten pretty good at this and we build up inventories at those eastern locations recognizing that if a hurricane comes along we need to be able to sell material. So I don't think we're going to be in material shortage land around either Belgrade or Castle Hayne. Those are the two quarries had been filled with water. We are undertaking pumping at those quarries. My guess is, if we're looking at Belgrade, it's probably four months to six months to get the water out of there. Castle Hayne actually has a little bit more. It has about 8 billion gallons of water in it. That's probably going to be closer to six months to nine months. However, I do not anticipate that being a market situation as we go into next year. We're going to have to run some pumps. That's going to cost us modestly more money for some period of time. But I don't see that being something that if I'm you and I'm modeling out 2019, I'm not putting that very high on my worry list.
C. Howard Nye: Well, again, I'll take you back to geography. We will give you a good view of 2019 when we come out in February, so I don't want to get too far over my skis right now. But, obviously, what we see right now for 2019 looks attractive and I like the geographies, Jeff. So I'll leave it at that for right now.
C. Howard Nye: I think primarily it was September rains. That was your big single issue. But I know Jim had some comments on cement as well.
C. Howard Nye: So we've tried to take everything we've seen into account with a full year of the little bit that's left in 2018.
C. Howard Nye: Yeah. Look, I think, clearly, you've got a very attractive ready mix market in Colorado with high barriers to entry and a very good ready mix business. I think, clearly, we were seeing the type of increases in Texas that you would expect to see, given the types of backlogs that are there and what I think can be a tightness in that market in many respects. So, I think in most regards, Adam, it's the sign of a good healthy marketplace with good underlying demand. So, I think those are your primary drivers.
C. Howard Nye: No, there was nothing unusual in Q2. In fact, the things that were unusual in Q2 or Q3 were more things in our face, not things at our back.
C. Howard Nye: It varies. Some price increases will go in in January, some increases may go in in April. Look, if you're sitting where I am and where you are, you've got a bias toward January. My guess is most will go in January. I think a good number will go in April. And the simple fact is, construction doesn't really get underway in earnest until the second half of March. So it's more of an optical issue than a real issue, but I think you'll probably have most go in in January, you will have some that will go in in April.
C. Howard Nye: Thank you for joining our third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our commitment to operational excellence and the disciplined execution of our strategic plan positions Martin Marietta to drive shareholder value as we continue to benefit from the steady multi-year construction recovery. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2018 results in February. As always, we're available for any follow-up questions with you. Thank you again for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta. Have a great day.
