Ward Nye: Sure Arnie, thank you for your question. As we look at top side Arnie, the west will continue to outperform, but we’re seeing both in Texas and Colorado is pretty exciting and we see that’s being very strong for the balance of this year, and we see that’s being very strong into next year. I think part of what we discussed in the earnings release and in the telecom is infrastructure work as well as non-res and res in Texas is all very, very attractive right now, same story is true in Colorado. The fact is all of those are getting better in the Eastern United States, but it’s lumpier and it’s a little bit slower. So for example in the quarter, we saw volumes nicely up in parts of North Carolina. So Charlotte was better quarter-over-quarter, but here is the lumpiness of it, Greensboro and Raleigh were actually modestly down. Now, I do think weather has something to do with that. And I think timing of some infrastructure work has something to do with that. But as you’re aware, when we have that type of group in North Carolina, we discussed for years that we feel that rather disproportionately. So as we look at the business Arnie, it’s progressing in the recovery phase how I would have thought. Part of what I was pleased with as I looked at quarter is really that the component of the quarter that I think was clearly unplanned is the cost that we incurred relative to rail freight. So, as we pause and step back from that and look at it, rail freight all by itself was somewhere probably $8.5 million to $9 million worth of cost for the quarter. And the reason that I call that out in particular, maintenance repairs is a cost that’s going to ebb and flow depending on what’s happening with volume. But what happened with rail is extraordinary. And for the quarter coming back to your question, if we pull that extraordinary cost out, what I like about the quarter is we were seeing incrementals in our heritage business very much in line with what we’ve been anticipating. So I hope that’s responsive to your question.
Ward Nye: Let’s think of it then in this term Arnie. So, we talked originally about basically $70 million of operational synergies and let’s call it $34 million of interest rate synergies that gives you $100 million all by itself. Coming back and just speaking to the targeted synergies that we spoke of $70 million that we thought we would have at the end of 2017, based on what I’m seeing right now, I think we’ll likely have $70 million probably by midyear ‘16. So we’re going to capture if at least 18 months in advance. And as I look at what’s going on what I like about that is that’s really going on primarily within what we’re pulling out in the operations. And keep in mind we’ve got quarrying that are littering next door to each other, the fewer operational efficiencies that we’re seeing in the transaction are going nicely ahead of where they thought -- where we thought they would be. And I think what we said is right. Our original estimates for too low and too slow, they’re going to be higher, they’re going to be faster, I think we’ll hit that 70, 18 months of it.
Ward Nye: Let me look at this right, Kathryn. If we look at the divested assets, if I look at the tonnage that came out for the quarter, it’s probably around 570 some thousand tons for the quarter. So that’s probably a good way for you to go back and really sort out what that means. I think the second part of your question I think it really goes back to what we were talking about before, if we’re simply looking at the change in cost quarter-over-quarter, the rail freight and the adjustment there is the primary driver on where we’re seeing the difference. And again, if that’s $9 million, if you take that $9 million bring it back into the adjusted gross margin of 162 and then go back and at least work with call it 575,000 tons that work historically coming out of North Troy. I think that gives you your bridge.
Ward Nye: Okay. I think the primary issue that we are seeing there and principally more in part of a quarter, remember we are not all things to all people in Florida. We’re really infrastructure play in Florida and our positions in Alabama are really more headed toward Birmingham and heading South as well. I think what we’re seeing particularly in Florida is we have a timing issue and the timing issue is relative to larger projects. So, we know for example the I-4 Ultimate work is going to began in 2015. That’s going to be significant work for multi-years inside of a record Florida DOT program. So, we’re looking at that portion of the Southeast. We think it’s more of a timing issue. Part of what I was particularly hard to see though is we do continue to see a nice recovery in North Georgia. And as you recall, we’ve changed our footprint in that Atlanta market pretty considerably over the last five or six years and have a very attractive number two position in Atlanta today, which is very different from number four and number five position we would have there 6 or 7 years ago. So, what I would say direct response is we think Florida is a timing issue for us on infrastructure and we think North Georgia continues to recover.
Ward Nye: We have not. And the simple fact is if we go and take a look at what’s going on in shale with our business, I can say our shale-related tonnage. And again this is in frac material, this is what’s going to road it’s going to [pads] et cetera was up 424,000 tons for third quarter last year to third quarter last year. My guess is at the end of this year, we’re going to see tonnage going to those different shale plays of an access of $7 million tons. Now but I would remind you, obviously I think most people last year thought it probably peaked up and if we’re right this year is going to be higher than last year was. Here is what we’re seeing and the different place Niobrara is better, Marcellus is better, Eagle Ford is better, Haynesville is better and Barnett is off. Now that’s really the way that stacks up right now, Kathryn.
Ward Nye: I think it is and I said it much in our prepared remarks. I think several things are affecting Class 1 railroads. I think a lot of them came out of a very difficult winter behind April. I think they have had a lot of traffic this year in March driven by what’s going on their rails. I think some of their infrastructure needs some work right now. I mean we’re certainly seeing evidence of that. So I do think that continues to go on. I think part of the evidence of it is, Class 1 railroads this year by my data will use about 20% less ballast in 2014 than they did in 2013 and our ballast shipments are down a little bit less than that year-over-year. It’s not the lack of need that they are taking that ballast. They’ve got that much activity on the ballast. Now, here is the quick response to it as well, Jack. And I think the way that we’ll likely respond to that is twofold. One we have the ability to run distributed power and bring more cars into our yards and make up for inefficiency by share volume coming through. And candidly the other component of it is transportation is going to be tight for everyone by both rail and by truck and that’s likely to end up being a price point. And I think if we continue to see that type of headwind, I think we’re going to come back and we’re going to adjust prices accordingly.
Ward Nye: I’ll tell you what I’ve got. I’ve got 309 in Q3 versus 322 last year in the same quarter. So, we’re seeing a nice decline. And obviously what we’ve got is about two weeks worth of storage at facilities. So, if that helps, I’m going to stay a little bit for Q3; if it continues like that, it really is going to be much more of a player in Q4 than it was in three.
Ward Nye: Hi Garik. I think it will be a partial offset; I don’t -- I think the word I used was mitigate, not offset. So, I think it will make it easier going forward, but I don’t think it makes up a whole.
Ward Nye: Yes, I can Garik. I mean we don’t see any retraction on those at all. I mean we went into both Texas and California resolute that we needed to have those, I don’t think we like we particularly needed to have that in California. Our intention is to make that plant profitable and that’s exactly what we intend to do and the other thing that we intend to do is come back with a very similar looking increase in 2015 as well.
Ward Nye: Thanks for the question. I think we’re sticking with what we thought full year one would look like. I’m going to quote one of my colleagues who looked at this and said, this is all subject to the tyranny of purchase price accounting. And candidly, that’s exactly what we’re dealing with. When you look at the inventories and the other odd things that go through purchase price accounting, they are in [advisory] delta. I think we could end this year with this deal being accretive. I think it depends on what fourth quarter looks like. And I’m hopeful that that’s where it will be. But if we come back and really look at what the delta is, I would point you to purchase price accounting and what’s tied up in that.
Ward Nye: I guess a couple of things on that. We’ll tell you more about Q4 when we’re together in February, but here is what I’ve always said about October. It should be the busiest month that the aggregates industry in this country sees. And if you’ve got good weather, you would have to work reasonably well. And what I’ll tell you is I’m not sure what it’s doing for you, but it’s sunny and clear in Raleigh today. So, but I’ll talk more about October when we get together in February. As we come back and address your question relative to infrastructure next year, here is what I would say on that as well. We’re showing infrastructure up, it’s all about where you are. And here is why we see infrastructure up. It’s going to be another good year in Colorado. It’s going to be another steady year in [Iowa]. It’s going to be another great year in Texas. I think we’ve got probably four years of great infrastructure work ahead of us in Texas. We’ve got Florida clearly getting better year-over-year with a record DOT program. And we’re seeing a good steady program right now in North Carolina. The Governor has come back, he’s laid out his 20 plus year vision of transportation here. It’s more urban focused than it’s been historically, but he is also looking at a considerable bonding program that could come back and have more rural initiatives as well. So when we come back and say Colorado feels better, Iowa feels fine, Texas feels better, Florida feels better and North Carolina feels steady, that gives us a good start. I think if we again more a Northeast or more Great Lakes focused I would probably have more concern, but if I look at where we are I feel good about infrastructure next year.
Ward Nye: Well, keep in mind, we had a lot of mixed issues and timing at the beginning of the year, so we thought we would see a make-up as we came through the year. I think part of what’s giving us some tailwind on that right now is we did see more midyear price increases this year than we’ve seen last year. As a remainder, we actually saw midyear price increase in Dallas Fort Worth market this year and that’s been a market for years that we did not see a midyear price increase. So again, I think the pricing is doing exactly what we thought the price would do and the volume recovery we always said there was going to be a lag there, but I feel good about it, feel good about as we look into ‘15.
Ward Nye: I think you’re thinking that right Trey. I mean I think directionally you are in the right place on that. I think the maintenance and repair spike that we’re seeing is not a surprise. We talked about last quarter, it’s not going to be something that goes in a quarter or two. But I think you will see that come back into a more normal place. But I do think if we have diesel down and we have a normal Q4, it will certainly start to mitigate some of the congestion and related issues that we’re seeing in rail.
Ward Nye: As you heard us say before Trey, I think pricing tends to follow volume up with the lag. And I think we clearly feel the benefit of increased midyear pricing this year, more next year. I think if we come back and take a look at where we particularly see strong economies and we have leadership positions in Texas and what we could do in Colorado. Keep in mind, even as we look at the quarter, we’re looking at price increases on a percentage basis in the west that are going up higher than they are in the east. So there is your volume and your price link. So, I think we’ll continue to see that. And obviously, we’ll give more definitive guidance on pricing when we come out in February with our full year results. And I’m sure we’ll talk about that at the Investor Day that we’re playing in February as well. But I think the pricing story continues to be a very different and very appropriate in this industry given the reserves that are incredibly valuable and hard to permit.
Ward Nye: I guess, this is when I would say Texas is sold out, I mean Texas is sold out. And I think when you’re operating in a sold out market, obviously you’re going to see pricing do what pricing will do in a sold out market. I think the other thing that’s perfectly inherent is California is working its way back to equilibrium. I think one of the things that we’re most excited about is coming back and increasing the efficiencies in all of our plants Trey, within the permit limits to make sure that we can really meet this rising demand need also in a situation in Texas where do see pricing going up very nicely. So I guess my point would be this, in a sold out market, you’d expect pricing to go up. In a market in which frankly we need to make that plant profitable, you’re going to see as push price, we’re deciding our brand, because we need to do that. But what I think as well is we can come back and add as much as 250,000 additional tons of cement to our business next year just through efficiencies. And I spoke in my prepared remarks of what our teams were doing to ramp those up and simply getting a place like Hunter and Hunter [One] that’s operating in the high 70s up to something closer to deals like 85% working its way toward 90% which is the type of the theoretical world class capacity that we’re looking to. Giving us that type of volume in that type of pricing environment is where we think we need to be.
Ward Nye: That’s a fair question, Timna because I think we’re going to have a nice [sprouting] going forward because I think we’ve got what is going to be a remarkably cash generative business. I think the opportunities to continue to grow our business responsibly is one that we’re excited about. So number one, we’ll look at it from that lens. And number two, we are going to come back and look very carefully the way that we put capital into the business as well because part of what we’ve seen over the last several quarters and we’ve talked about it as volume ramps up, rolling stock needs some help. And we’re going to make sure that we’re putting appropriate and sensible capital in rolling stock. The other thing that we’re always going to be sensitive to and always look at is coming back and looking at share repurchase and where we are. We’ve got an authorization from our Board right now that we’re mindful of, but we’ve -- look we like acquisitions we like Martin Marietta too and we’re going to be looking at that going forward. Part of what I’m grateful for is, shareholders, as you said, we didn’t put our balance sheet in any form of -- in fact our balance sheet is in a very good place. At the same time, shareholders would like to see some of the natural dilution that occurred from that go way and we’re sensitive to that. So, we’re going to be looking basically at what we’re going to do with acquisitions, we’re going to be looking at what we’re doing with capital and we’re going to be looking at really what we can do with extra cash. The thing that I would remind we’re 120 days end. So, it all sounds exciting and it is exciting. And we think it’s a great story, but I’ll say we’re 120 days there.
Ward Nye: I think it’d be several form. I think you can look at just a pure price increase. I think you can look at surcharges, although that’s never been a mechanism that we prefer. And again, I think part of what we can do to mitigate that because of the way that we build our rail yards, if the traffic is going down we can put in longer train. If we’re going with distributed power and by that meaning really two locomotives one at the front one in the middle, we can go in and we consider being more than 100 cars and that’s the dialogue we’ve been having with all the Class 1 railroads.
Ward Nye: Really you’ve got two things there Ted, I mean you’ve got natural gas pricing year-over-year up but 2Q to Q3 down that’s the quick way to think about that. The other issue that we’re faced within that is we did have a kiln shutdown that affected that business to the tune comparatively about $1.2 million. So if you look at the net gas and the kiln down for a period of time, which happens, I mean that’s just a way that this (inaudible) outage. That’s entirely the difference.
Ward Nye: That’s all public in our domain. Although, there may be pieces of it that have a P3 component to it, because as you know on all major infrastructure projects now in the United States under map 21, they have to go and look if whether a P3 element would makes sense to go with it. But as we’re looking at that just to be clear, it’s all public infrastructure.
Ward Nye: I guess the primary -- it’s primarily driven on the upside about what’s going on in the state right. Because they’re clearly taking more and more charge of what they’re doing. On the federal side Ted, the primary thing we’re assuming is just going to keep on, keeping on, it’s relatively flat in our view and that’s the assumption that we’re making.
Ward Nye: Sure. I guess here is to take I’ve got Ted and nobody’s that’s been right on it. So you can probably add me to that queue as well. I think legislative fatigue is going to take this over. If we look back to the last of $11 billion that when it showed up, every time they go to the well looking for whatever the next $11 billion is, it gets harder to get. And I think one of the things that I was most moved by as I was reading this week is this notion that if the Republicans for example took the House from Senate, one of the issues they’re concerned about is that they don’t demonstrate an ability to govern. They don’t feel like they’ll get a shot at a White House in 2016. And as we’re looking at things that are simply fundamental to job creation and economic growth, the transportation bill is one of them. And part of what we’ve seen there’s been recent study that actually did put out early in the month or last month things that are sustainable feel like this would add 2 million jobs of construction jobs in the United States. So, I think as we sit here and consider the fact that they’ve kicked the can down the road but there is just not a lot of road left to kick the can down. I think our sense is we do end up getting a fixed; they do have to deal with the rough side of it. Nobody necessarily needs to do that but simply gasoline going down as much as it has over the last several weeks and months and the fact that it’s likely to continue going down may give people opportunities to do that. That’s probably a long answer Ted. I’m not sure that it’s precise but it’s probably as good as anybody can offer right now.
Ward Nye: I think we don’t see it could be offsetting there because if we’re looking at 77 hot lanes in Charlotte at high four, and Charlotte -- I mean in Florida right now if we’re looking at what’s going Interstate 35E and Dallas and we’re looking at more underground Park Lane in Houston. Those are just some of the headline projects. We also think that we’ll see more of those come through as we enter into ‘15.
Ward Nye: We’ll give you some more of that at the end of the year. Here is a good way to think about it, look at what’s going on in non-resi in United States because that’s an area that’s we’re getting considerably better year-over-year, it’s fasting. Look we’ve seen an additional $30 billion of non-resi activity in the United States this year. What that means effectively is that $45 billion of areas that are up about $15 billion that are down, but next year to the 30. Here is the takeaway, $15 billion of it is in Houston all by itself. So that gives you a sense of to your point how important and how dynamic Texas is but at year-end we’ll come back to give you the snapshot.
Ward Nye: I’d say, let’s do this way, let’s bifurcate that. I’m going to talk about pricing and aggregates and Anne is going to talk a little bit about SG&A. I think this is what’s going on. I do think you are seeing sand short in much of Texas to give you a sense of it. The sand and gravel numbers that we’re seeing in much of Texas right now is actually ahead of our corporate average. So it’s somewhere between $11 and $12 a ton. We’re also -- keep in mind and this is different. We gave up those two yards at Frisco and Dallas. We picked up 8, so that’s 8 yards, so we picked up in Texas. The average selling price of those yards is in excess of $60 a ton. Now Mike to answer your question directly when we come back and look at what’s going on at the stone facility that we picked up in North Texas, they do tend to be considerably lower than our corporate average that’s something that we’re working on right now and that help TXI would have rolled all of that out. And you do have some dynamism in the market right now, particularly relative to what’s going on in sand and gravel that has used that. I hope that’s responsive to your question. I’ll let Anne to talk about SG&A.
Ward Nye: Look, I think we just -- the pricing is working we’re seeing a lot of demand for clays, we’re seeing a lot of demand for chemical products as we come back and look at the types of margins that we’re getting on that business on a record quarter. I don’t see anything disrupting that. And we won’t have to count them. I think those are your differences, Stanley.
Ward Nye: Thanks again for joining our third quarter earnings call. We remain to running this business in a world class fashion. We’re convinced we’re going to do it and we’re convinced that we’re going to have the returns as a company of world class business. We look forward to talking you about that when we’re together in February and we look forward to seeing you in New York in February. Thanks so much.
Anne Lloyd: We look at corporate overhead and Jack, I want to make sure I am following you where you are. I mean we look at total SG&A cost to $48 million versus $37 million last year. The corporate pieces principally have all the acquisition related cost in them. And then if you look at TXI as a whole, so if you look at the acquired operations, we picked up about, rounding about $16 million of SG&A from the acquired businesses. Included in that $16 million is about $4.5 million of basically overhead we allocated here from the corporate office, there was some unallocated overhead that remained that we allocated to that business, there is about $6 million of what I’ll call duplicative overhead and that is the remaining SG&A really left as we continue to integrate the ready mixed concrete and the cement businesses which is most commonly indicated, we are expecting to be done by June of next year, so that cost to begin to work its way out of the system. So as we look at the pure SG&A that we picked up from TXI, I think we picked up around $5 million of SG&A on a go forward basis against their corporate run rate in the third quarter or quarter ended August 31st of about $18.5 million. So that’s where we’re looking at. If you’ve got some other specific questions, maybe we can uncap that offline.
Anne Lloyd: The tax rate is paid down and track down all of the really TXI-related costs that were non-deductible including the goodwill that we wrote-off for the divested assets sort of the change in control costs that were not allowed tax deductibility and some of the transaction costs that were tax deductible. If you strip all of that out, the ongoing tax rate for the core business including TXI is 29%, which is really where our guidance thought it would be. If you recall back in the second quarter, we indicated we probably have a 29% tax rate excluding this figure there. All of these TXI issues are what drove the tax rate to that from the 29% to 39%. So, I expect it to continue to be 39% for the fourth quarter because it’s just (inaudible) the run rate is 29%.
Anne Lloyd: And also Matt, I would say that the fourth quarter pricing is very much affected by mix of agricultural line shipment and that will obviously be dependent on -- it’s very weather dependent as to whether that ag line goes down.
Anne Lloyd: Okay. So the $49 million bucket, can we have a detail of that in the back, excuse me Ted. That’s going to include -- has it been adjusted? There has been no detail provided on that one, excuse me. But those cost increases are going to include for the aggregate product line the $9 million on rail that we’ve been talking about; the $4 million on maintenance and supply; and then the normal cost increase that come along with the volume on the business.
Anne Lloyd: Not at all. As we indicated in the last quarter, it was -- we didn’t it was, but no there was not. We made the conscious decision and to reduce inventories for the second quarter. And now the inventories we think are in good balance. 
Anne Lloyd: Yes, we actually think over the next several years and if you look in the press release, this year we indicated that in 2014 we’ll actually be able to use 84 million of those NOLs.
Anne Lloyd: We don’t have -- well, I do, but we haven’t talked about it. We’ll talk about that when we release guidance for the balance the year.
Anne Lloyd: Well, as I indicated early, this is the effective tax rate, the NOL only deals with your cash taxes.
Anne Lloyd: And we’ve also indicated we estimate cash taxes for the full year is expected to be about $13 million.
Anne Lloyd: And Keith just a reminder, we obviously will have to likely be what we’ll give you is what we think 2015 looks like because obviously 2014 will only have half the year of TXI’s operations in it.
Anne Lloyd: Change in SG&A, I do believe that we’re entering an area and arena at time we will have some structural change. As I think about 2015 and beyond, I don’t believe a 5.3% SG&A level on this side is sustainable, but neither do I think it’s going to be 7.5%. I think if I was modeling, I’d probably put in 6% to 6.5% of total sales as a pretty decent run rate on a business at this revenue base. But obviously we like to always outperform against our target. So we’ll always work to keep that going down.
