Howard Nye: And Arnie really there are three drivers that are doing that right now. If you take a look at it it’s going to be pricing which was actually nicely up for the quarter. Again pretty close to the 4% up despite volumes that are down almost that same percentage. I’m really pleased with what we’ve done on cost control. Arnie, if we take a look at the costs that we have if I would look at labor, energy, M&R go through the entire list the only place that I saw anything that was negative was really in supplies and that was largely driven by energy in other words rubber, conveyer belt and tires, etcetera. So, as I look at pricing it’s in the right direction as I look at cost control we talked about I think this was the lowest cost per ton on personnel we had seen in four years and what all that adds up to is what we see in productivity. If I’m looking at our tons produced per working man hour and that’s the primary productivity metric that we’ll use. That was up over 4% for the quarter so I think what I would tell you is our teams are watching the business from a very fundamental perspective and they are executing well and I think that execution as well as pricing is what’s driving that up margin expansion that you’re seeing.
Howard Nye: Arnie that’s the beauty we’re seeing right now when you can see what price is doing to this cost basis right now. Yeah I think if we end up putting any degree of volume to this business I think what you can see is its going drop to the bottom line in very significant percentages and that’s how we get to the incremental margins that we discussed. Again volume coming back and volume coming back across the enterprise is what’s important to that. But I think if the macro indicators that we’ve talked about are right it’s going to be one of those few times I think in a career when we can say we’re seeing infrastructure res and non-res all moving up at the same time and it’s hard as it is that hasn’t happened that often and next year might be one of those years.
Howard Nye: We are working our way through the process. We feel like as we’ve come into 2013 we’ll really have that process where we want to see it. Obviously that’s a significant transaction for us. It’s a vertically integrated marketplace in which we’re operating there. So we feel that we’re entirely where we thought we would be with respect to integration. The business is performing frankly ahead of our expectations and separate and apart from what we’re doing internally to the business I’d like what I see in Denver. Before sitting here looking at that market I am looking at a 32% increase in highway demand there. We are watching commercial markets all of which are improving office, industrial and the retail sectors all have declining vacancy rates. Wage and salary growth in Denver is somewhere between 4.5% and 5% that’s clearly better than the U.S. And you heard me speak in my prepared remarks to housing generally, but we’re seeing single-family housing permits up in Denver 25%, we’re seeing multi-family up there 40%. And we are seeing an increasingly high ability to participate in the Niobrara activity in that market as well. So, do we have some internal work to finish Martinizing the business? Absolutely. Will we be done by year end? We believe so. Is the business performing better than we thought? Yes. And do we like the way the markets behaving? The answer to that is yes as well.
Howard Nye: Kathryn, what I’ll do, I’ll speak to at least what we are seeing as far as spending is concerned in Texas. For next year, obviously, we’ll give you much more detail on what we think will happen in that market when we come into 2013 and talk to you again in February. But what’s nice about Texas right now, Kathryn is I think the biggest issue TXDOT has is really can they get out and spend all the money that they are talking about spending there this year. I mean the types of the numbers that we are seeing are in excess of $7 billion, and on occasion in excess of $8 billion. What I am encouraged by is probably several things. If you are looking at San Antonio right now, construction employment is up 7% in San Antonio, much of it’s energy driven and we think we are in a good place there for that. Multifamily is at – is near historic highs. Here is the factoid for you, between January and June, 9400 homes were sold in San Antonio, that’s 500 more than they were in the prior year. And part of what we are seeing now is just a lot of subdivision work as well. That’s clearly different. Even when we move from San Antonio to Huston, the best way to describe Houston is, Houston right now just looks back. I mean, it’s at levels that are clearly pre-recession. Housing is tight in Houston though that’s not a word you would use in much of the Southeast, but we are using in Southwest. Inventory and the housing there is around 4.9 months, that’s the lowest since April 2002. And August year-on-year sales were up 20%, that’s the fifteenth straight month of improvement there. The only market that we are not seeing dramatic improvement in that respect is what we are seeing in North Texas right now, Kathryn, but even when we move to North Texas and keep in mind, they are not getting the energy tailwind that South Texas has. What we are seeing in North Texas from an infrastructure perspective is still pretty considerable. I mean, the DFW Connector is still underway, Interstate 635, which is the LBJ is underway, we’ll go into not just next year, but at least through 2015. And we have got a number of jobs on the Southwest Parkway, which is really closer to Tarrant County and another series of jobs there as well. Keep in mind, even these numbers though that we are talking about in TXDOT that are $7 billion, $8 billion, that doesn’t necessarily include the comprehensive development agreements in North Texas. So, I am trying to give you at least some factoids that you can look at Kathryn in building your model going forward. But as we are sitting here looking at what we think our 2013 DOT letting schedule could be in Texas, we are seeing a positive by around 130%.
Howard Nye: Even the Southeast, the mix effect was only about 40 bps. So, it wasn’t that profound. If we looked at it all-in, it was probably around 30 bps. So, what I would tell you is most of it is just genuine pricing, so it’s not so much of mix effect.
Howard Nye: Right. Kathryn, if we are looking in an average selling price across the company of around 10.57, Denver is considerably lower than that. So, the fact is at least from where I said, yeah, there is considerably room there for that. And actually what I’ll tell you is we have already put our pricing increases in that market, in aggregates, but we are also looking at price increases in ready-mix and across our products. And so far particularly with respect to what we are seeing in ready-mix, we think the biggest piece of price increases that we are putting out there will be sticking. And again I think if we go back to some of the data that I was sharing with Arnie in his first call is volume continues to comeback to that market. I think we will likely see pricing even grow in a more robust way.
Howard Nye: The only thing that we can do is we can control what we do. I mean, we can look at our business and try to make the independent decisions that we think are the right decisions to make in that market and others. The thing that I like about Denver and what we have talked with you and others about is we want to be in markets where we can have a number one or number two position. And we think that does give us the ability to be a leader in that market and that’s what we intend to do.
Howard Nye: Kathryn, as I look at res, I feel pretty confident with that as I look at non-res on the heavy side uncomfortable with that. That’s been so energy driven. As we look at that, that looks good and solid to me. It certainly seems to me that we should see the lighter side of non-res get some life. I think that’s probably the space if you wanted to put some degree of risk out there that may have the highest degree of risk. But keep in mind by the time we get into next year, we will have had just about a year and a half pretty good housing numbers, and by then, you should start to see the office and retail portion pickup just a bit and go forward. Again, what we are talking that relative to ChemRock and Rail for next year is something that feels much more like up 3- to 5-year average. So, I feel relatively comfortable there and I hope that’s responsive to your question.
Howard Nye: Yeah, you are right it’s been very quiet on that. And what I’ll tell you is obviously we are focused on running our business and we are focused on creating shareholder value. And that’s creating shareholder value through doing what we do organically and otherwise, that’s what we are going to look at. And if we can create shareholder value by looking at acquisitions, we are going to look at acquisitions. So, for us, I think what our track record is, I think we look for continuous improvement and we look to grow our business in any number of ways. So, I know that’s a relatively vague answer, but that’s probably the best that I can do for you this time.Adam Rudiger – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thank you.
Howard Nye: Well, Todd, again, big picture I think that’s really the way that we are looking at that right now is from a big picture. And again, we’ll probably give you much more detail that you can really sink your teeth into coming February. But again if we are looking at sitting in a place with a highway build that we haven’t done for years. I mean, Todd you’ve heard me say we are now sitting in a spot from a forward-looking view perspective, we haven’t been since 2007. And that as we’ve at least got two years of knowing what we have had ahead of us. I think knowing that there is something that’s solid with MAP-21 that states and others can count on we think is significant. Seeing what’s coming in TIFIA, we also think is pretty significant. Again, if you take a look at what’s going on relative to TIFIA in some of the markets that are moment to us, it’s a pretty big deal. I mean, we have looked at 16, 17, almost 19 different projects that are out there. If you look at $27 billion worth of projects that had been bid so far, I said five of them in Texas, two in North Carolina, and that puts us in a spot that we feel like we can be more than competitive on more than $9 billion worth of that work. If we look at some of the jobs that were out there in previous TIFIA submissions, but have not yet been resubmitted being some of those were in North Carolina, and specifically, the Garden Parkway near Charlotte, if we look at Texas, San Antonio Loop 1604 and State Highway 550 and the Valley are all jobs that we will be looking at in Florida I-75. So, again, if we are looking big picture and you are looking MAP-21 and you are looking at TIFIA, yeah I think those are pretty considerable. I can go through the rest of the buckets. And you assume that shale has been awfully good work for us this year in the energy sector. I’ll let you draw your own conclusions on where do you see energy going, but clearly if you’ve got infrastructure that’s moving where we think it is, if you’ve got energy that you think maybe pretty solid next year, if you’ve got another good year of housing, yeah, I think those are the building blocks that leads you to at least some of the macro indicators that we’ve put out there, Todd.
Howard Nye: I mean, clearly downstream businesses tend to be tougher businesses in this type of market area. I think if you want to come back and say which ones look tougher and which ones look better, I think it’s not a Denver issue, I think it’s probably a U.S. issue to come back and say ready-mix is a tougher animal than anything else is today. At the same time, what I will tell you is what we are seeing relative to activity in that market is I see better than we thought it would be, Todd. Ready-mix was going to be driven disproportionately when things start building up. So when we start seeing that form of vertical construction that we are seeing now in Denver, that’s a good sign. At the same time, the hot mix business in some markets has been pretty good this year, in other markets it struggled more. What I’ll tell you is we’re seeing a lot of project work in Denver. Through September we bid on 1,700 projects in that market I mean that’s a lot. And we’ve got a success rate on those projects that I won’t give you that I do know but I won’t give it to you. But I’m pretty excited about the type of success right we have on those keeping in mind we want to have a leadership position, so we’re bidding those projects very carefully and we’re trying to be responsive in that market.
Howard Nye: Well, that’s a great question. And Todd, what I’ll always tell you is the first quarter out there is always going be tough. I mean its January, February and March and what happens at the end of March is you’re going to make or break that. Usually in most these places, October is going be pretty good month. I mean across the industry, October is usually the single biggest month that the industry sees. It’s usually not horribly cold and it’s usually relatively dry. So, I’ll send you to the NOAA forecast to see what it looked like in the neighborhood near you. But I think if you look at what October is and you assume that in any of these cold markets, if you can have a good solid run up to Thanksgiving really that’s doing pretty well. And anything you get after Thanksgiving it’s almost gravy, so that’s probably the best way to think about it.
Howard Nye: I think it did a number of things. So, I think the early start it probably rob a little bit from the back end of the year. I think that’s there. I think the protracted process of MAP-21 and the uncertainty that came from that did a bit of a number on it as well. It’s funny if you look at the first five months of the year Jack it was up 10%. If you look at June through September it was down 4%, I think there was a confidence issue somewhere in there as well. I think you had several things, I think you did have an early start to the year, but I do think the MAP-21 process and things relative around confidence was pretty tough. The other thing that I’m sensitive to as I sit here as we head into the end of the year too is when I’m talking with your at some point next year we’re going have to dealing with what was pretty a tough comparable back in Q1. So, I’m sitting here right now thinking it probably did do a little bit of harm to us in the later part of the year and then you and I will probably have another conversation along that line as we talk about Q1 next year.
Howard Nye: The only time I think you’ll see money spent on larger projects will be less aggregate intensive is if you have a lot of bridge work. If there is a lot of bridge work it’s going have a lot of concrete, it’s going have cement. But it’s not going have a lot of aggregates. I think what we’re seeing and where we have certainly sense most of the pent up demand and what we’re seeing in most TIFIA projects is adding some form of lane capacity. And I think when we come back and add lane capacity. That’s going to be awfully important to us look. As I look at the big jobs that are out there right now that we are seeing in TIFIA. What I am seeing I-77 HOT lanes in Charlotte. I am seeing I-83 or State Highway 183 in Dallas. I am seeing State Highway 288 in Houston, 183 in Austin, again the Grand Parkway in Houston, Interstate 35 in Dallas. All of these are big lane addition projects. So, I think as we sit here and look at it, I think TIFIA from where I sit, Jack, I think it’s going to be the real deal. And I think the other difference that we have relative to the underlying program is we have two years of knowing that we have something. I mean if we go back and look at the stimulus deal or others, you still had an environment which you are operating that didn’t have any degree of consistency or forward view to it. Now, am I crazy about a 2-year forward view? Not as crazy as that would be about a 6-year forward view, but believe me it feels a lot better than 60 days.
Howard Nye: Yeah. I am not sure that they were all that higher really than expected. I mean, it was kind of right, and it was toward the upper end of the range that we thought it would be. As I said, it probably got a little bit of help candidly not an enormous amount of help from at least from the geography that was going on in South Texas going to the rail yards. And I mentioned around the 40 bps that helped a bit in the Southeast, but Jerry as I look here across our different areas of business what I am seeing is a lot of green. And part of what helped here too is we saw some pricing in Carolina. And you and I have talked about the fact that, that’s a market that’s awfully important to us. And when we are seeing pricing in South Texas and when we are seeing pricing in a place like Charlotte, it really helps and drops to the bottom line pretty quickly.
Howard Nye: You know what I’ll tell you more about that when we come in for the full year, but obviously given what our range is Jerry you’ve got a pretty view for where that is. There is not much math left to the year.
Howard Nye: You know what, Jerry obviously, the prices that will go out are going to vary enormously by market. And what we may see in a market in one part of Texas or another part of Texas could swing dramatically. The same story could be in North Carolina. So, it’s hard to come back and put any specifics to it, but obviously we are in the process of really finalizing a lot of that right now.
Howard Nye: Sure, Jerry. I mean, clearly, we are going to have to look at that market on an integrated basis, because that’s the way that market is built. And because it’s built on more of an integrated basis, it’s not going to have the same type of margin number at the end of the day that we have come to expect in a more pure-play market. From that perspective, will it lag other markets? I think that’s entirely fair to say, because again you can’t have that much hot mix and ready-mix and have that happened. At the same time, if we look at Denver and look at the currency that we used in River, what I’ll tell you is Denver at peak was about 3x where River was in peak. And it all comes back to our notion that we are looking to be one or two in markets that we think have near-term and long-term attractive demographics to it and Denver falls entirely into that. And Denver is the market that when volume returns to that market will be very attractive to this economy.
Howard Nye: Alight and again, just to be clear we’re really just talking about the pure aggregates business. And Trey the markets that have suffered the most had clearly been the markets in the Southeast United States. And again we’ll come back and talk with some degree of specificity around all of those. I think there are couple of things that are probably we’re thinking about because if you really go back look at them some of the states in the Southeast are getting better. I mean from a housing perspective foreclosures in North Carolina have improved pretty considerably year-over-year. If you look at Georgia last year in August of ’11 the percent of homes with mortgages somewhere in the foreclosure process was almost 3%, today it’s around 2%. So, things are getting better in the Southeast. They are not great, but they are getting better. Here is what I would tell you though. There is the Southeast and then there is Florida. I mean Florida from a housing perspective is so much worse off than anybody else is. The percent of homes with mortgages and foreclosure in Florida last year in August was 12.1%. Its still today at almost 11% and to give you a sense of it when you go from Florida to whoever is next worst, in that case you come to New Jersey and New Jersey is at around 6.5%. So, there is still some tough slogging that people have to do in certain parts of the country. And if we’re sitting here today, you still got one out of every 318 homes in Florida that are in some degree of foreclosure. And to give you a sense, Georgia is down to one in 532, the U.S. rate is one out of every 730. So, there are some parts of our footprint that I think you and I would look at and say these are good markets, these are markets where you want to be, but they are some markets that still have some curing that they need go through. What’s remarkable though and you know its right it only takes a little bit of volume just minimal volume to suddenly start getting very strong incremental returns. So and we joked about in the past and literally said there is nothing wrong with this business that 5 million tons doesn’t cure. And the odd thing is if you and I were talking about 5 million tons back in 2006 it wouldn’t have seemed like that much, today it seems like an enormous amount. But I hope that puts some metrics around what we’re seeing in parts of our business particularly in the Southeast because really that’s where it needs to get well. So, you can see the volume across the enterprise to really propel us to those incremental margins that we will see.
Howard Nye: Right, I guess I would say a couple of things in that respect. Number one, remember Denver is going come in and it won’t be acquisition next year, it’s going to be heritage. So, when Denver pricing comes in that geographic mix is going to pull it down. The other thing that I would tell you is, let’s face it. The big thing that’s going on right now is housing, I mean so if we’re looking at housing numbers August to August up 28% and that’s a great number, but we’re going to be a lagger going into that housing market as well, so we’re not going to feel some of the pop from that. If we are seeing too though more of these TIFIA projects and I believe that we will. And if these TIFIA projects are building more new lane miles we’re going to send more base out. And sending more base out is something that we as an organization will obviously celebrate because it’s going to be more volume and we’re producing base as we’re producing a clean wash stone. But I think bringing Denver into heritage and seeing more base go out if you’re having more new projects will give you at least somewhat of a mix effect that could optically book downward when downward is really not what you’re seeing, I think on the same-quarry, same store, same product basis you won’t see bad things happen. And I think that really is incumbent on us to make sure that we’re explaining it very carefully. And as you recall that was the process that we had to go through couple of years ago as well.
Howard Nye: Garik, there is not going to be an enormous amount of stimulus work left particularly when we get to the end of the year. If you go back and look at that $26 billion-$27 billion, 21% of that work was done in 2009, around 43% in ’10, around 22% last year. So, as we came into the year it’s around $1.7 billion that was even left as we came into the year. So, I think it’s a practical matter. You’re not going to see much of an effect from that rolling off in our candor. I think the bigger issue on the mix will be how much is going on in the East versus how much is going on to the West and then how much is going on relative to brand new lane construction projects versus overlay.
Howard Nye: What I don’t see Garik today is the sheer level of fear that I think was present in the minds of contractors and frankly others across the economy period that during the period of time that stimulus was really going. So, I see something in the economy today and then the space that is much more steady than it’s been and my sense is that’s not going to be a particularly big issue. The other thing that strikes me on much of these larger jobs, keep in mind these are going to be bid differently, you’re going to start to see a bit of change in the way highway contracting works, because these large design build jobs usually are going to be built by a consortium of contractors who are coming forward to and relationships are going to matter here a lot. And a contractor recognizing on a job that may have an enormous liquidated damages if they don’t turn it on time that they have a producer who can really put the material on the ground is going to be important. So, I’ve seen an entirely different paradigm going into a TIFIA like world as opposed to what I saw going into a stimulus like world.
Howard Nye: Absolutely, we – Garik you’re right I mean the drop I’ve seen in rig counts the change from ‘12 is around 9%. But at the same time if I go back and look at the different shale plays in which we are involved, what we’ve seen from a ‘11 to ‘12 in Niobrara is improvement, what we’ve seen from a ‘11 to ‘12 in Barnett relatively stable. What we’ve seen from a ‘11 to ‘12 in Eagle Ford is improvement, what we’ve seen from ‘11 to ‘12 in Haynesville is actually down and what we’ve seen in Marcellus is actually up. So, as we sit here and look at shale activity today I think we see a number that’s nicely up over the last year. And I guess what I would suggest to you is if you look at the ones that are most impactful to us would in today’s world be Niobrara and it would be Eagleford, and to a certain degree, what’s going on in Haynesville and a growing role in Marcellus. I think those look pretty good going into the year. Remember the areas that you are going to see most of the growth can be the areas that you are getting gas and you are getting oil at the same time. And based on what we are seeing in particular in South Texas, we feel like that’s going to be stable, and candidly, we are looking at ways to get into others this time as well.
Howard Nye: I mean, what I addressed with Arnie on what some of the drivers were. I mean, clearly you had pricing that was helping in that respect. You had cost control that it actually taking cost up candidly a little bit less than 1% for the quarter, which we are pretty pleased with. And we were seeing tons produced per working man hour, up somewhere north of 4% for the quarter as well. So, those were the primary drivers Ted that I gone through with Arnie.
Howard Nye: Not, I don’t think we spoke specifically to what those numbers look like, but I can tell you that there was growth in the heritage margin.
Howard Nye: I think if you look at the pricing strength, there was probably around $14 million of pricing strength that was there. If you look at the volume weakness, there was probably almost a similar number on the volume weakness as there was in the pricing. If you look at the decrease in production costs, that’s probably going to get you somewhere north of $6 million. Yeah, I think if we go through and simply take a look at what the acquired locations were and otherwise, I can certainly take you through that bridge in some more detail, if you need to on later call, but I think that in large part is what’s going to gets you there, Ted.
Howard Nye: We have not done that specifically Ted and obviously we’ll come back and talk about some of that at year end, but as we said earlier on, an asphalt business in many respects is the very profitable or at least a good business in today’s market. Our ready-mix concrete business is going to be a challenged market in any market in the United States today. So, you can certainly take that comment to be what you like it to be or wanted to be with respect to Denver or portions of Texas or Arkansas, and those are the three areas of which we would have ready-mix operations.
Howard Nye: I don’t think anything is going to be dramatic from a growth perspective, but here is what’s different. I don’t think it has to be dramatic for to be dramatic to our business. I think where we are sitting with today’s cost and with what we think tomorrow’s pricing can be any degree of volume to this business today is incredibly powerful. As you and I discussed in the past, we are 80 million tons away from where we were at peak, and remarkably, if we recover half of that, we go past what our peak profitability was. And I think it’s those types of metrics that tell you that we think it’s going to be a very uneven at times March out of this. Yeah we do. Do we feel like that we’ve seen the worst of it? Yeah, I think we do. Do we feel like any degree of volume is going to be powerful and very quickly drop to our bottom line? Certainly. And we feel like if we have growth across our geography are we going to find the incremental margins that we talked about, I think our confidence on that simply increases.
Howard Nye: Thanks again for joining our third quarter 2012 call and for your interest in Martin Marietta. As we said we are encouraged by recent positive trends which should lead to increased construction activity in 2013 and beyond. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results with you in February. Thanks for your time today and for your continued support to Martin Marietta. Good day to all of you.
