Ward Nye: Kathryn, thanks. Thank you for the question, Kathryn. So several things. So let's talk about aggregates first, then we'll talk about cement. So, to your point, 16.5% up in the quarter for aggregates is impressive by any standard. Keep in mind too, that was up 5.6% sequentially. And again, it brought us very much within the range that we had started saying we thought we were going to hit during the year. Obviously, when we look at cement, that was up 20.7% for the quarter, up almost 17% for the full year. So a couple of thoughts on that. One, upstream materials pricing tends to be very resilient. So if we go back over time and look at what has happened in particular with aggregates, aggregates is not a space that gives back pricing. Number two, and I think this is important. Keep in mind, we were moving the pricing as the year went on. As I've said in the prepared remarks, an inflationary environment is hugely helpful for upstream materials. What's the challenge is when it moves so rapidly and moves in big chunks. And that's what happened in 2022. So what I thought was particularly powerful in the quarter is to see margin expansion in Q4 despite the fact volumes were down 12%. So do I think that shows good cost control? Yes. Do I think it shows the power of pricing? Yes. Do I think pricing sticks going into the new year? It's not just that it sticks, I think it continues to expand. Because keep in mind, we're going to continue to see degrees of inflation in our business from our suppliers as well. The difference is now we've caught up with it. So, I think those are important takeaways. Here's another important takeaway, Kathryn, there are two others. Number one, we have moved the vast majority of our customers to January 1 from a price increase. As you may recall from years past, it was somewhat bifurcated, somewhere in January, somewhere in April, the vast majority now are in January. Number two, we indicated to our customers with our price increase letters coming into the new year that we were reserving our rights to come back and have a conversation relative to mid-year price increases as well. We will obviously talk more about that as we get closer to midyear, but here's some important takeaway. The pricing guidance that we have from 13% to 15%, obviously with the midpoint 14%, it does not have in it right now any midyear price increases. So to the extent that we see those during the course of the year, that would obviously trend to the upside on pricing. So, Kathryn, thank you for the question. I hope that's broadly responsive.
Ward Nye: Happy to, Trey. Thank you for that. So several things. One, if we look at what we believe will be our largest end use in the year, that's going to be infrastructure. We think that's up mid-single digits to high single digits for a number of reasons. One, we outlined at the prepared comments, we have very healthy state DOTs, number one. Number two, if we're looking at highway contract awards, they're up 24% to $80 billion, that's a record number. I mentioned that the Cornyn-Padilla Act that went in really not that long ago is going to add $40 billion just to Martin Marietta top 10 states. That's a big number. We think states will put that money to use. The other thing that I thought was notable as we look at the ballot initiatives from late last year passed at a rate of almost 90%, but importantly, that adds another $23 billion. So when we're looking at already healthy state DOTs, we're looking at Cornyn-Padilla, we're looking at the new long-term highway bill, state initiatives. That's a pretty powerful mix for us, and again, much of what's driving our resilience in that is where. So again, if you go back and look at the states that are so key to us, the Texas, Colorado, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, California Republic. These states are all in a very good position relative to public infrastructure going forward. As we look at non-res, we see two somewhat different stories in non-res. We think non-res is broadly going to be flat. And here's how we get there. We think large projects of scale, whether it's manufacturing, energy or others and again I think you go back to those states that I was referring you to a minute ago. We think those projects are going to stay very attractive and they tend to be very aggregates intensive work. So do we think having non-res is going to be better? Yes, we do. Do we think like non-res may see some headwinds? Yes, we do. But our view is the heavy piece of it overcomes the light piece of it, leading us to something that we feel like is broadly flat. Look, as we looked at residential, our view is probably not that different than what you seen nationally. The differences are footprint. So do we think single-family res is going to be down? The answer is yes. We think it's going to be down in our footprint, probably 10% to 15%. Again, this is the smallest of our three large end uses. Again, as we're looking in a number of our markets, the biggest issue that we're faced with is not so much affordability, but rather availability, which tells us that housing is going to come under some pressure, probably not as great in our markets as many. The other thing that we think helps mitigate that is we think multifamily is likely to be quite good, and we're seeing good multifamily activity. And then lastly, in our ChemRock and Rail segment. And again, that's going to be railroad balanced, it's going to be, agricultural, lime and others, and we have a bigger end use there than most of our competitors. We feel like that's probably going to be up mid-single digits. So again, as we take infrastructure up, non-res sideways, single family down, ChemRock and Rail up. That leads us broadly to something that we feel like it's going to be flat. But importantly, Trey, part of what we've done is we've gone on a state-by-state basis and we've looked at infrastructure, non-res, res and ChemRock and Rail. And we've tried to look at the jobs that are either in our customers' backlog, we believe that they are well-positioned to get and as we go through that bottoms-up analysis, it brings us from an end-use perspective that we feel like this guide that we put out there is actually a very responsible guide as we look into 2023.
Ward Nye: Stanley. Thank you so much for the question. As we look at customer backlogs and we do try to get a good sense of where that sits year-over-year. This is pretty heartening to see, aggregates backlogs is up about 7% over where it was last year and perhaps even more importantly, even as we look at it sequentially from Q3, it continues to move in an attractive way. And as we look at the geography in this. The geography is not surprising to me, but I will tell you too, it's actually comforting to me because the East, which is such an important market to us, Stanley, as you know. The East division backlogs are up around 3%. As we look in the Southwest, again, where we have a very significant position, they're up around 7% versus the prior year quarter. The only places that we're seeing some modest movement, not a big surprise is in really parts of the Central United States. At the same time, it's very early there in the season, but even if we look in cement. It's interesting. When I look at our strategic cement business, again, very focused on Dallas-Fort Worth, very focused on Austin and San Antonio. Backlogs are really quite healthy. And importantly, as we look at our downstream businesses, primarily in Texas, we're seeing ready mixed backlogs, very much in line with prior year and keep in mind, to your point, a lot of what we think is going to happen relative to nonresidential is actually ahead of us on these large energy and related projects. So we think those numbers are likely to build during the course of the year. I think it's always important to remember that as we look at these customer backlogs, particularly this time of year, it only represents I want to say 25% to 35% of annual aggregates in cement shipments. So it's not something that's, no pun intended, chiseled in stone, but nonetheless, it's actually a very good indicator of where we think the year is going, And I think your question really ties back into a degree to what Trey asked, when we're looking at our key states, we're looking at a summary. We're looking at all the end uses. As we're looking at that and then going, is the green, is the yellow, is the red? The vast majority of our key states, you're going to see green indicators on those. So, Stanley. I hope that's helpful.
Ward Nye: And Jerry, if you reflect on the way these public dollars are going to come through. I think that's actually pretty consistent with what we said last year on how we thought the year would likely build throughout the year. So to Jim's point, we're talking two different things, one, volume, the other is financially, and I think to Jim's point, we're going to see a much better year financially each quarter. I think we're going to see a very attractive sequential build each quarter relative to volumes, and again, I think that's pretty consistent with where we've been and I'd be surprised if you're surprised by that.
Ward Nye: I think we're talking more to, Keith, about office retail, the types of things that would typically follow single-family housing, and again, we're not seeing and taking a deep negative dive, let me be really clear on that. We think it's just going to follow housing for a bit of time. In fact, we think housing, particularly by the time we get to '24 is probably in a pretty reasonable recovery mode. So we feel like the particularly light has never gotten particularly robust to tell you the truth. So we feel like it probably sees a bit of a dip, but if you're looking specifically, it's hospitality, it's retail, it's degrees of office. So as we're looking at manufacturing, as we're looking at energy, as we're looking at warehousing or data or others, we see that actually is quite strong, but I just want to make sure I'm tying it for you back fairly specifically to those types of light things that would typically follow residential with depending on the market, a nine to an 18-month lag.
Ward Nye: I don't think there's going to be anything like energy was last year. I mean, to Jim's points, when he was going through his commentary. I mean overall energy was such a massive headwind to the enterprise. And obviously, cement is a big consumer of energy. I mean, keep in mind $178 million headwind for the year in energy. Now, in fairness, diesel was about half of that, but again, if you're looking at our business in cement or if you're looking at our business even in Mag Specialties, what you'll know is portions of that energy was just up a lot more. I mean, natural gas, depending on the market last year was up around 30%. Coke in some markets was up as much as 116% and coal was up nearly 20%. So to your point, do we think we'll see that degree of lapping again, increases in energy? No, I doubt. But I think Jim has a little bit more. If you'd like to offer you two.
Ward Nye: Yes. I think the others ramp very naturally throughout the year and that's why I think going back to Jim's point, the cadence is going to be attractive financially all the way through. The cadence from a volume perspective will likely be second-half weighted. And I think our confidence around a lot of that is driven by some of the things that we've seen even recently. I'm sure you saw, Phil, that Governor DeSantis has recently announced, for example, a new legislative proposal in Florida to allocate $7 billion to accelerate timing of critical road projects in that state. I was actually in Florida last week and one of the big issues that they were indicating is we're concerned about an aggregates shortage and of course, we're going to do all we can to make sure that they don't have an aggregates shortage in Florida. And as you may recall, Phil, it's so interesting to me to see that we did 208 million tons last year. And remember, this organization did 205 million tons back in 2005, 2006, and we've added 15 million tons of capacity on a per annum basis to what we've done since then. So to your point, if there is a need, can we put it on a spec product on the ground to meet it? Absolutely we can, number one. Number two, do I think contractors over the last year have done what they needed to in varying degrees to have a labor force that's ready for what's coming? I think they have. Number three. I think the labor pool is moving around a bit, and what I mean by that is, even if they need to now go to the well and hire more, I think the opportunities are going to be there. So to your point. I think the states have pretty heady expectations on what they're going to do. Importantly, they have pretty heady budgets that can help further that. Number three, we have the capacity to feed it. And number four, contractors have seen this picture coming and I think they've put themselves in a position to perform, Phil. So again, I hope that's helpful and responsive.
Ward Nye: Obviously, we're not giving shipment guidance, but we talked about the fact that it's a sold-out market and we sold 4.2 million tons last year, so. I'll put it this way, Phil. We're selling everything we make in that marketplace.
Ward Nye: Mike, I'm sorry to interrupt you. You need to you need to lean in to hear you better. It's hard to hear you.
Ward Nye: Michael, thank you for the question. And you're right, it's probably too early to lean too far in 2024. What I'll remind everyone is this pricing in these upstream materials has always been very resilient, number one. Number two, we do not sell a discretionary product. These are products that people need. Number three, we're a very small portion of overall construction. Next, much of the inflation contractors and others have seen on a percentage basis, particularly during '22, we're actually ahead of where we were because we protect contractors on bids. Obviously, we were going to be chasing that for a good part of the year, then we caught up with it towards the end of the year. Obviously, we would like not to be behind that again. Part of what I've spoken to our team about is this notion of being in a position that we can look realistically and responsibly and at least two price increases a year. I indicated before that 13% to 15 %that we have for this year does not have in it mid-year price increases despite the fact that we've told our customers in letters that we will be looking at that at midyear. So I haven't answered your question definitively relative to '24, because at this point I simply can't. But if I look at the building blocks that I believe you can look at and investors can look at and have a good way to think about it. I think the color that I put around that gives you a pretty good runway toward how you can put a notion towards it.
Ward Nye: It's been interesting. I'll go to your point. I think you raised a good question on what the underlying marketplace looks like and here's the way that I've thought about it. If we look at the fourth quarter that was heavily weather impacted. Infrastructure was down 11%, non-res was down 12%, res was down in that zip code that we think that they were saying it's going to be doing, mid-teens, right. And we still saw expanded margin. But here's what I know. There's gobs of infrastructure work to be done out there, which tells me when I'm looking at these numbers down those percentage, it was more a weather event in our markets as opposed to a market-driven event in our markets. So to your point, what we're kind of seeing as we go through. It means we're looking at things right now, I will tell you, business relative to plan on where we thought we would be. And frankly, business looks a little better than plan right now. So again, as we're looking at a very soft Q4 for all the reasons we discussed, as we've looked at what we are guiding toward flat and as we look at least as much as you can tell in January and February with a big caveat that it's January and February, it looks pretty good.
Ward Nye: That's a great question and what I would tell you is we were waiting all year for it to get better and it did get better. As we were seeing the year ramp up, we were certainly seeing rail activities going better than they had for a while. So we're heartened by that. But I think the other thing that I was really comforted by was really after what was a pretty challenging half one for trucking, trucking got better in the second half of the year. So as trucking clearly got better in half two, we just in wetter and obviously the railroads had a difficult time for much of 2022. Service picked up pretty notably as we got towards the end of the year and that's both in the East and the West. And your question, such a good one. Joe, because you'll recall, we shipped more stone by rail than any other aggregates producer in the United States, probably two x our closest competitor. So there's a sense in which rails performance in 2022 combined with what was a pretty tough half one on trucking, was going to serve to be a more meaningful impediment to us than it wants to others. So as rail continues to get better and as trucking gets better, I think we will certainly feel the benefit of that perhaps in ways that others won't, Joe.
Ward Nye: Well, again. Thank you all so much for joining today's earnings conference call. Martin Marietta's track record of success through various business cycles proves the resiliency and durability of our aggregates-led business model. We continue to strive for the safest operations and remain focused on executing our strategic plan, while continuing to drive attractive and sustainable growth in 2023 and beyond. We look forward to sharing our first quarter 2023 results in the spring. As always, we're available for any follow-up questions that you may have. Thank you again for your time and your continued support of Martin Marietta.
Jim Nickolas: Yes. So thinking about a three-year average, if you look-back three years and then comparing that to 2023, what we're expecting, Q1 will be better in 2023 versus the three-year average and then I'd say it's more leveling out at that point. So Q2 maybe a little bit worse than prior Q2s, but still better than prior year in terms of absolute performance. And then, back half should be equal to what we've seen in prior three years or so on average. So Q1 disproportionately better than historical experience and then Q2 a little worse and in the back half pretty similar.
Jim Nickolas: Yes, that's right, that's right. But the bigger difference is for Q1 outperformance relative to history for '23 is in the price cost spread again versus last quarter. So, that's right. Q1 slightly down, but then growing and exceeding prior year for the remaining three quarters of the year.
Jim Nickolas: Yes. Two points, Keith. One, maintenance repairs will be higher in '23 for the full year than in '22 for cement. Despite that, however, gross margin percentage, I expect will be higher in '23 than '22.
Jim Nickolas: Yes, so our EBITDA obviously is expected to grow meaningfully. Some of that extra cash flow from the earnings will be deployed in capex. So capex is growing, we raised that from $480 million this year, it's closer to $600 million next year. So that'll be a part of it that's of course helping with future growth. Beyond that, by and large, the rest of the capital should be, the cash should flow through and we will have available for deployment pursuing our priority list of acquisitions, upstream acquisitions first and then returning capital to shareholders.
