Ward Nye: Sure, Arnie. Thanks for your question. The short answer is we continually believe that the 60% incremental margin is attainable, with volume recovery. If we look at April, volume recovery was up 8.8%, if we look at May volume was up 7.3%. So if you look at those two months, as we discussed, it was 8%. The fact is, we believe strongly that we can hit those incremental margins, when we watch the next, call it, 40 millions tons come back. Keep in mind, we're 80 million tons away from where we were at peak. Oart of what's important here though, Arnie, is it does have to come back across the enterprise, and that's really part of what we were seeing in April and May. The other component that I would remind you of, and we discussed this before. Markets like North Carolina and the southeast are dis-proportionally profitable markets for us. So, when we're looking at volumes down 10% in the southeast, and when we're looking at what was a challenging period of volume for north Carolina, those two markets do tend to put a particular drag on that incremental margin target. But again, if we see volume come back across the enterprise, we're very confident in that incremental margin target.
Ward Nye: I can certainly take you through that. What we're talking about Arnie, is basically a reduction in inventory of about 3.5 million tons. So if you take a look at the production tonnage that we had in Q2 '12, versus Q2 '11, we actually produced less tonnage in '12 than we did in '11. We took our inventory volumes down by 3.5 million tons; so fully call it 10% of the heritage volume, worth of volume, just went out. Frankly, came out of inventory. Keep in mind, when you're working in a volume environment that we're in today, you're probably running with fixed costs somewhere near 70%. When you're in that type of volume environment, with that type of fixed cost structure, when you do bring volumes down, you're simply going to feel it to the tune of that $8.4, $8.5 million. So, from an operating perspective, it was entirely the right thing to do. We've discussed where we've been with inventories for some time, but hopefully that put some metrics to it.
Ward Nye: Sure. Well, Todd, as you recall, we indicated we though volume would be up 4% to 5%. If we take a look at really, the bottom end of that range, and what it takes us to get there. I'll try to take you through the different buckets, and give you a sense of that. We expect an infrastructure of slow downs in the second half, so we're actually showing second half volumes down in infrastructure, down around 1.6%. Now non-res, particularly driven by energy had a nice first half. We saw that volume up around 12%. Based on what we're seeing right now, we think that will likely replicate itself again, in the second half. If you look at res, res was up 15% in half one, and obviously there's a lot of activity in res right now; at least comparatively. We're actually seeing res, in our numbers, slow down in the second half. If there's some place where there may be some upside, I think candidly, that may be it. We saw res up 15%, half one, we're showing it up only 9%, half two. Then if you assume that we're not going to see the same level of down in ChemRock/Rail; in half one, we saw that down 9%. We're seeing that down 2% in half two. That at least gives you some degree of book-ends around the different percentages that we're talking about, and the different end uses. If I come back and take a look at those, none of those percentages seem to be particularly unrealistic to me, Todd.
Ward Nye: Well, you can't resist, I probably can resist, Todd. Actually Todd, I do think the highway bill, is clearly going to be something that's helpful to this industry. When Secretary LaHood came out with his announcement around much of that, he said that he thought this was going to give some degree of interest, to an area that truly has [inaudible] and I don't disagree with that. As you recall, for the last couple of years, about the only sector of our business that we said we thought had [inaudible] demand, was in ag-line. I do think there is [pinup] demand around the larger multi-year projects, and I think what we have in MAP 21, at least giving a clear two year snapshot of what we have, is going to be helpful. Keep in mind, I didn't think we would see a highway bill, so I think this is a better place than I thought we would be. I think that in addition to the flat funding, I would suggest to you Todd, that it's pretty good. I think if you look at the reform provisions that are in it, those are going to matter, I think, quite a bit as we go through. I would particularly encourage people to look at the TIFIA program. Because that's going to end up, I think, putting a considerable amount of money out there, that people will be able to use. You can look at the projects that have been bid in the TIFIA program since 1998, they're simply going to be much more robust, going forward. In fact, again, I think it was last Friday, LaHood announced that there would be immediately available $17 billion of TIFIA loans. So by the time you end up putting the leverage amount to that, you can have something coming out of TIFIA, I believe, that can be much more important to the industry, than for example, the prior stimulus bill was.
Ward Nye: You know what? We have certainly seen mid-year price increases. They have not been across the board as much as they would have been last year, at least by market. We've seen increases in certain markets in the east, primarily for ready-mix stone. We have seen mid-year price increases as you would expect in portions of the southwest. We've seen price increases in San Antonio, we've seen fine and course aggregate pricing go up, in some places as much as $1.00 a ton. In Houston, we've seen mid-year price increases on aggregates anywhere form $1.00 to9 $1.50 a ton, we've seen sand and gravel go up in that market as well. We've seen similar price increases in south Texas. The one area in Texas that we have not seen the mid-year price increases stick, is in DFW. As you recall, we're not really the market leader in DFW, but we've certainly seen what we believe, is productive mid-year price increases in San Antonio, Houston and south Texas.
Ward Nye: It was not driven by any single product, Todd. It was really across the spectrum. What I would suggest to you, is as volumes come through next year, particularly after MAP 21, I think you'll see more of a draw down in base products. This is simply the way we run our business, this is not unusual for us to go and adjust the inventories down. We'll continue to watch what we thin shipments are going to be, and we'll try to manage that in a way that we think is responsible. So, I don't want to sit here at this moment and tell you exactly what our plan will be, because we will watch that as the year unfolds.
Ward Nye: I don't think there was anything horribly specific. I think there were several things that are rather general, and I think one of the issues that we need to watch, is what happens today in the state of Georgia; because that is when we're going to see what the full results are, on the 1% sales tax that Georgia is trying to put in, in [inaudible] districts. I think, clearly not having a good viable funding mechanism in the Georgia DOP, is something that does cause them some concern. The other issue I would mention, and we didn't put in the press release, and I didn't put it in my prepared remarks because it's an outdoor sport. I mean, you did have a tropical storm that came through, Debbie did come through in June; and to say that Florida and Georgia escaped that without any effect, would be entirely right. When storms come through, you just deal with them.Rodny Nacier – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  All right. Thank you. That's very helpful.
Ward Nye: I think perhaps the degree to which there was a decline. I think it caught the industry by surprise. I think when you're looking at double-digit numbers down in Georgia and you're looking at double-digits down in part of North Carolina and double-digits down in South Carolina, I think those are bigger numbers than what people would have expected. At the same time, when I remember that we're talking about North Carolina and South Carolina and Georgia, those aren't states that you would expect to stay down. These are states that have broad, good, solid economies. But I think to answer your question directly, Jack, it was a deeper fall in June, but I think people would have expected.
Ward Nye: I think that's a fair point, Jack and I think that the comments will filter around that in the earlier Q&A was. I think if there's a place here that we probably benefit punitive to ourselves, it may well be on the res side. I was out in San Antonio here a few weeks ago and I was in Florida for part of the other week, as well, and, Jack, what I'm seeing is I'm seeing activity in the field that feels like, in some respects, that I'm back in 2006. We're seeing people cutting in new subdivisions. It's not just that they're building homes, they're paving streets, they're building sidewalks, they're putting in curb and gutter. So I do think the housing piece is a very good story right now and I don't want to soft sell that. I think that is good and it's clearly more important to this industry than I think people would have believed.
Ward Nye: No, and I wouldn't say that it's hard to get price. I think what I'm more saying is in some markets it's not as easy to get a mid-year price right now, Jack.
Ward Nye: If I'm looking at our pricing again in a very tepid volume environment, realistically this is still the way I measure it, a pretty good story.
Ward Nye: You know, well, Garik, I could probably go back and take a look at that. I can't break that out for you right now and give you a good spread of exactly where that was. I don't think there was any particular area that really drove. I think we pretty much did that across the portfolio. I think there might have been a little bit more east of the Mississippi, but as a practical matter we also had better business west of the Mississippi, but I think that's probably as good as I can give you right.
Ward Nye: Garik, I don't think that's something that you should dismiss at all. I think that primary driver is going to be volume and where the volume is. I think those are going to be the two issues that, if I were you and it being me, that those are two things that I'm going to watch. How much and where.
Ward Nye: It continues to get better, but I will tell you it's getting better from a very, very, very low point right now, Garik, and we're seeing that better in a number of markets. I'm seeing that better in Ohio. I'm seeing it better in Indiana. I'm seeing good warehousing distribution. I'm seeing portions of that in the Mid-Atlantic and we're clearly seeing good activity along those lines in places like Kansas City and in the Western U.S. So, if we come back and really look at what non-res, really more the lighter side of it is doing, we're seeing better activity than we've seen in a long time; Florida probably being one of the few places right now, on that piece, of still not an enormous amount of activity.
Ward Nye: I can. It looks like in Q2 we consumed about 7.5 million gallons of diesel fuel. So for half one we were 13.5 million gallons, and, just so you'll know, usually Q3 is our highest diesel fuel consumption period.
Ward Nye: It's hard to say that there will or won't be an impact right. That was really just going back to what we've felt like the puts and takes and maybe with respect to volume later in the year. Obviously, we've had a couple of good years of ag line volume. I think the need for ag line in many respects is still there. At the same time, if the crops end up, in large part, being subject to drought and the farmers find themselves in a more distressed place at the end of the year, then they won't buy as much ag line. That's simply the way that market works. I don't think we're to the point that any of us can say that that's where the farmers are, but at the same time, I think that's something that they are probably watching right now. If they are, we are.Kathryn Thompson – Thompson Research Group: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Ward Nye: Well, to tell you the truth, really, Ted, is we went back and looked at that. Some of it was simply in supplies and explosives. Some of it was in repairs. Some of it was just in pure maintenance. We had some issues with respect to lime, but at the same time the issue that we're faced with right now is a few hundred thousand dollars here, a few hundred thousand dollars there, you get up to something that, $1 million, $1.5 million. I don't think it's anything that's really likely recur or be that notable. At the same time I think you and I both look at those margins and take them every day of the week and that team has done very well. The one thing I will say to you is that nat gas has been our friend up there. If we look at the way nat gas has worked historically, we had looked at the energy profile for that business, nat gas clearly would have been the single largest component of that and as we sit there today, coal and electricity and nat gas really on a percentage basis are all about the same for that business right now, so. It wasn't any one thing, Ted, it was just a series of smaller things that, as I've looked at them, and as John Harmon, who runs that business very well for us, looks at them, we're not particularly alarmed by what we saw.
Ward Nye: All right. I understand where you're coming from. If I really was concerned about it, to your point, I would have gone back and changed the guidance. I feel confident that we'll be where we are. Still's running at a 77.8% capacity right. Obviously, the input cost with respect to natural gas are in a very attractive place compared to history. We're right on time, right on schedule, right on dollars with the kiln project, as well. Ted, I don't see anything there that for the full year is concerning to me. I feel very good about it.
Ward Nye: Okay. That was on our aggregates business and the way we report our aggregates business is really if we're looking at... I'm just thinking through it, Ted, there's no downstream, at least appreciably in the east, and, obviously, there is in the west. So what we're talking about on that is the incremental margins with respect to the ags business across the group. So ag rock only.
Ward Nye: So all told and $8 million upgrade investment, which is simply standard due course and something that we are prepared for and, obviously, we feel like the way we run our business and the importance of our systems is an important and critical investment. Operator, if you can still hear us, I'd like to go to the next call.
Ward Nye: The good news, Mike, is I can hear and I'm sorry for whatever happened there. I'm glad all of you could continue to hear us.
Ward Nye: Mike, thank you for your questions. Let me go back and try to address the systems question one more time just in case I was cut off and, again, I apologize for whatever technical issues we ran to. On that, it's simply an upgrade to our JDE system. We're looking at about $1 million a quarter for '12 and for '13. So, in other words, it's about an $8 million investment to upgrade that system. So we'll just leave that there. With respect to July, what I'll tell you about July when we're sitting down at our next quarterly call I'll give you a quick update on that, but, obviously, right now that's not a conversation we feel like is appropriate for us to go into. With respect to the new kiln, obviously, what we feel like we can do there is we can bring capacity into the market and the capacity has already got a home in large part in the market. We feel like we will bring the process online here in the fourth quarter. We think we will go through the debugging process and actually what we would anticipate is coming into 2013 with margins coming out of that kiln that very much marry up to what you've seen come out of that business heretofore. So, we're not seeing what we believe will be any degration in that business at all from a margin perspective.
Ward Nye: You know, you can certainly have some degree of debugging for a brief period of time. That would not be wholly unusual again. It is a kiln process, but, Mike, based on what we've seen on the project based on the conversations that we're having regularly with our teams and based on the track record that they have I don't want to spread anything that would be material.
Ward Nye: You know, I'll tell you, the market in Texas just feels pretty good right now. I mean there's just no doubt about that. I mean if we look at the 12-month contract awards, it's around $4.9 billion. What I'm hearing, and obviously that's an August fiscal year state. I mean they have it come out exactly what their budget's going to be, but I'm certainly hearing budgets out of (inaudible) or spending that could be well in excess of anything we've seen the last several years. So we're looking at something that we think in Texas, for the next 18 to 24 months, just on the public infrastructure side, is likely to be very strong. At the same time, if you're looking at markets like San Antonio, the residential recovery has been really something to see. I mean home values hit a two-year high in June, multi-family continues to be a 93% occupancy rate and if we look at just new projects we added there for the quarter, I count up nearly 11 new projects that we added just in San Antonio. At the same time we know the Eagle-Ford deposit is booming. I think one component that will likely come out of Texas that I'm not sure everyone completely appreciated, is how many secondary or foreign market roads are being absolutely destroyed by the activity that's going on in the Eagle-Ford shale deposit right now. So by the this process is done it won't just be stone going into the shale fields, it will be stone going into the roads that need considerable repair. And then even if we look at places like Houston right now, we're looking in the core development that's launching generation part that's a $5 billion development there. Exxon-Mobile is looking to put a new chemical plant in Mont Belvieu and, of course, the Grand Parkway that's going to be a 38-mile project, $1 billion of The Woodlands are all very considerable projects, many of which has strong commercial components to them, as well. So what we're seeing in Texas right now is a beautiful thing. We just wish we saw it in other markets, as well.
Ward Nye: I don't think weather had that profound an impact in North Carolina. We did get some rain in June that probably delayed some of them. I think much of it, you look at it and we look at it too in terms of what's it looking like this quarter. I think most owners and most DOTs aren't necessarily looking at it that way. They're looking at it more within the confines of a construction season. So I think to the extent that we saw something or you may see something pushed to the right 45 days, that's a much greater moment to people from the outside looking in than it is to a DOT or an owner.  So I don't think there was anything fundamentally or structurally that was different. I think we're just seeing the good and sometimes the not so pretty components of the way constructions works.
Ward Nye: You know it's hard break that out. I think as we look at a market that clearly matters a lot to us and that is North Carolina. I think some of the larger projects that we would assuming would go were simply project delays. So I think as we're looking at the East Coast, that the Mid-Atlantic, that's really more of the issue because we're seeing good steady business in Indiana and Ohio, primarily driven by highways. The driver in North Carolina would continue to be highways, although we're seeing much better economic activity around Charlotte than we've seen for a while, as well. I think back to my earlier comments, I think the issues in much of the pure Southeast, and by that I mean Florida and Georgia, and Georgia, in particular, are more driven not so much by delays, but by what's going on in that economy and I hope that geographic divide was responsive.
Ward Nye: You know I think clearly the west is having a very robust year. I think, again, as we look at what we have in backlogs and it's one reason that I try to go through each end use segment as carefully as I did and speak to the very specific increases or decrease in the infrastructure component, for example, that we thought we might see in the second half to show you how that build would be to get to the bottom end of our range. We're comfortable with where we sit right now.
Ward Nye: I think anytime its tied to this type of a build its going to be longer term by nature and so I think if we go back and think about it. I would saw we haven't talked much about (inaudible) because it hasn't been that big of a deal, but [TIFIA] has been around, as I understand, originally since 1998. So, if you go back and take a look at some of the projects that we benefited from, particular with respect to TIFIA, and we'll continue to, I mean, in Denver we're seeing U.S. 36 and managed lanes project. TIFIA was actually some of funding for the Denver Union Station and Texas, it's money behind the 635, which is the LBJ managed lanes projects. Also, the North Triangle Expressway. And even here in North Carolina on the Triangle Expressway, which was our first modern toll road that had TIFIA dollars in it, as well. I mean clearly we're looking at what, $750 million of TIFIA dollars of '13, $1 billion next year. So $1.7 billion. If the secretary's numbers are right and you put a ten time multiple to that, that's $17 billion of TIFIA loans. And I think part of what's going to be remarkable as we watch TIFIA, I think this is going to be important to see is the maximum potential TIFIA share of project costs have basically gone from 33% to 49%. So in other words, its possible to take that $17 billion and assume that you might even see a distal leverage put to that and I think if we start looking at a $2.00 to $3.00 form of leverage, even of that $17 billion, that goes back to why I feel like TIFIA in the final analysis may well be more profound than even stimulus was coming into the sector. I think TIFIA is going to be something to watch. I many what LaHood has called it is the largest infrastructure loan program in history and that doesn't sound like a bad right now to me.
Ward Nye: Well, thank you again for joining our second quarter 2012 earnings call and your interest in Martin Marietta Materials. We're encouraged by the first half trends, particularly the passage of a new highway bill and anticipate building on this momentum throughout the year into 2013 and beyond. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2012 results with you in November. Thanks for your time today and for your support of our company.
Ted Grace – Susquehanna: Okay. So not to nag on it, but I agree. It's a phenomenal business. So it's been extraordinary to the downturn and upturn, but just when it comes back to thinking about the profitability on a go-forward basis, it's a business that's historically put up some really impressive incremental in the 50%, 60% range and you had 220% decremental this quarter. And so just in terms of calibrating our expectations, I know you reaffirmed the $68 million to $70 million of pre-tax profits, but it's still a pretty big swing. So if you start heading up a couple hundred thousand dollar things here and there, you still come to a $4 million net swing, revenue up 2, profits down 2.
Ted Grace – Susquehanna: Great. Because I know you mentioned 77.8% capacity (inaudible). Could you just tell us what it was last year? (inaudible)
Ted Grace – Susquehanna: Hello? (audio difficulty) Ward, I apologize I don't think you can hear me, but I think something is wrong with my line because I can't hear anything. I'm just going to hang up and they can circle up offline. Thank you.
