Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results, make comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes and our updated guidance. We posted revenue of $1.327 billion for second quarter, representing 53% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.8%, 50 basis point decrease the prior quarter. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 30.9%, 670 basis point decrease to the prior quarter. Operating income was $371 million, a 97% increase. Operating margin was 28%, 630 basis point increase. Our GAAP EPS was $1.64 and pro forma EPS was $1.68. Next we will look at our second quarter revenue by segment and geography. We have a highly diverse business model provide the rich set of opportunities and reduce our reliance on single markets and product lines. Fitness is our largest segment contributing 31% of the sales in the second quarter, followed by outdoor at 24%, during the second quarter, which we achieved double-digit growth in all of our segments, led by auto with 74% growth. By geography, America’s region contributed about half our revenue, remaining coming from EMEA and APAC. We achieved double-digit growth in all three regions led by strong growth of 72% APAC, followed by 53% in Americas and 46% in EMEA. Looking next, at operating expenses; second quarter operating expenses increased by $83 million or 25%. Research and development increased $35 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs across all of our segments. SG&A increased $34 million compared to prior quarter, but decreased as a percentage of sales to 12.5%, 270 basis point decrease compared to the prior year. Increase in SG&A was primarily due to increases in personnel related expenses, information technology costs. Advertising expense increased approximately $14 million due to higher spend in the fitness and outdoor segments. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $3.2 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially and year-over-year to $737 million, due to strong second quarter sales; Inventory balance increased sequentially and year-over-year to $939 million, primarily due to raw material requirements. During the second quarter of 2021, we generated free cash flow of $120 million, a $22 million decrease with the prior quarter. Our capital expenditures for second quarter were $110 million. We expect full year 2021 free cash flow to be approximately $750 million and capital expenditures approximately $400 million to invest in expansion projects that Cliff previously mentioned. During second quarter 2021, we reported effective tax rate of 14.8% compared to the prior year quarter gap tax rate of 6.8%, pro forma tax rate of 14%. Turning next to our full year guidance, we estimate revenue of approximately $4.9 billion, an increase of 17% for the prior year with double-digit growth in each of our segments. We expect gross margin to be approximately 58.5%, which is lower than our previous guidance of 59.2% due to higher supply chain costs. We expect in operating margin of approximately 23.8% also expect pro forma effective tax rate of 11.5%, which is higher than our previous guidance of 10.5% the income mix by jurisdiction, which results in pro forma earnings per share approximately $5.50. This concludes our formal remarks. Valerie, if you please open the line for Q&A.
Doug Boessen: Yes. I’ll give you a little flavor on the inventory. The reason that inventory is up year-over-year is due to raw material requirements. We’re looking at making securing our raw material requirements to make sure that we’re meeting the increased demand. I’d say as it relates to the supply chain situation that is something that we’re managing very effectively on a daily basis, just to making sure that we do have the appropriate to components to meet that demand. As I think about the rest of the year as it relates to inventory I think it will increase some even more than what we have today. Probably increased more than what our sales level is going to be and probably just a rough number, probably close to $1 billion probably by the end of the year. That’s something that we’re – the team is all focused on making sure that we are managing the situation, like I said, on a daily basis we have with that.
Doug Boessen: Yes. I just want to give you a flavor for the overall OpEx for the full year as percentage of sales and kind of sequential what’s going on there. So on a full year basis as a percentage of sales, we expect operating expenses to be up about 60 basis points year-over-year, looking at each one of the categories advertising, our goal is to keep that relatively flat for percentage of sales on a full year of basis. Now it will increase on absolute dollars, as co-op increase sales and media spend. As it relates to R&D, we do expect that to be up about 50 basis points year-over-year percentage of sales and there just increased head count to support our product roadmap. We’re talking about investing in auto OEM, et cetera. Then on SG&A, a little flavor there, percentage of sales on a full year basis. We expect that to be slightly up maybe about 10 basis points, and that’s really due to increased sales, also driving that to volume some of the areas such as IT costs, as well as product support and different operations. As it relates to R&D on a sequential basis the situation there is that is lower in the second quarter due to reimbursement of some change or requests from our OEM partners. The situation is whenever an OEM partner gives a change or request, we get reimbursed for that and that shown as reduction in R&D. So there may be a little bit bumpy between the quarters there from my standpoint.
Doug Boessen: Sure. As it relates to overall auto, you’re seeing that those gross margins are decreasing as our auto OEM business becoming a bigger piece of auto. And also more specifically within auto OEM, you’re seeing that gross margin come down on a year-over-year basis also since some of our new programs primarily, BMW, be it hardware related, have a lower gross margin overall. So it’s really just going to be a function as it relates to the gross margin in there, as those newer piece of our business become a larger piece of that, and actually kind of play into a segment type of a mix in there from a standpoint of what’s on those gross margin on an overall basis. As it relates to the operating margins there, so yes, the consumer auto business is doing well. From that standpoint, we are in the investment stage relating to auto OEM. So with that we have a high R&D standpoint. So we’ll probably be in that for a couple of years here till we get into production standpoint.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So with that the Prime Day year-over-year, there was a shift from the standpoint. So last year, that was in the third quarter this year – in the second quarter. So that did impact, as Cliff talked about comparable that we do have. As it relates to the gross margins there are – that’s a more promotional business for us in that standpoint, but kind of from an overall full year standpoint probably didn’t impact it a whole lot.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, good morning. Paul, I think it’s early days for the 945 LTE. So really not a lot to say yet about the results there and we don’t provide results by product category anyway but I would say that in terms of the kind of customer that will buy this product is a customer that’s specifically interested in the safety story the Garmin offers with the integration with our GEOS subsidiary that we recently acquired, it allows us to offer now with the connectivity and end-to-end solution for people that want real time monitoring of their activities and also the ability to some in safety, help if they need it. So that’s the kind of customer that would take that product. And again, it’s early days and I really can’t speak to the roadmap right now, but it’s something that is compatible with the approach we’ve taken with our InReach product line in terms of safety monitoring for active lifestyles.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of operating margin, it’s come up in this period because of the additional sales leverage that we have and our aviation team has, of course worked very hard on managing expenses during a pretty difficult challenge that we face. But that said, we don’t forecast really the operating margin that we have for the future. Other than to say, we strive to be and expect to be very profitable. It will depend on the investments that we make in the programs and the new products that we’re doing in aviation. In terms of AeroData contribution, it’s a small adder, but an important one because it’s a very important performance calculation that are done for commercial flights that help airlines conserve fuel, and also provide safety escape procedures for engine out during takeoff. And so that’s a critical function that’s required in commercial aviation, and it’s something that we think we can expand to business aviation as well. And then finally, on Autoland. Autoland is delivering on three models right now, the TBMs, the SF from Cirrus and then the M600 from Piper. And of course in those models, it’s a 100%. So this is not an option. So the market is growing rapidly. The number of aircraft out there is growing with the delivery of those models and they’re very popular models. In terms of the AeroData, part of that, they aren’t closely connected to Autoland per se, but that AeroData in business aircraft would be something that’s an enhancer from a safety and performance point of view.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, Ben. I think in terms of utilization of our existing footprint, specifically talking about our consumer manufacturing, I would say, we’re almost at a 100% capacity. I mean, we’ve been bursting at the seams especially keeping up with this market growth and demand. So it’s a very important step for us. And in terms of timing of the new facility, we’re targeting a fall opening to start to produce products there and that will help alleviate our overall capacity constraints.
Cliff Pemble: We saw, Jeffrey, growth in all of the categories in our consumer auto business. We’ve been talking for a while about the growth opportunity and the strength in specialty products. Of course, they did very well and the traditional P&D also bounced back. Some of that is simply the pent up demand as people traveled less last year, and of course, had less demand for those products. But in general, all of the categories did well.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think, there’s really a few things to consider in our guide. First of all, last year, the first half was very challenging because of the pandemic and we believe that a portion of the impact in the first half was really shifted to the second half. So our second half benefited from what we weren’t able to do in the first half due to the pandemic. And I mentioned those factors earlier that there was a pullback by consumers initially. And then retail partners were disrupted, many of them not even open their doors. So that is a factor as we look at our guide. And then we also look at our product release timing of this year versus last year. That’s a factor in our outlook and finally potential uncertainties around supply chain that’s still exists. So that’s what went into the guide and yes it is at a lower rate than what we experienced in the first half, but we believe that much of that is explained by the factors I just mentioned.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Thanks, Will. I think in terms of channel inventory, it’s better than it has been in the past, but still depending on product and segment there’s areas of lean inventory that we continue to scramble to fill. We’re air shipping, lot of our products right now in order to keep up with that. And the sell through that we see, especially on those products that we have the ability to observe through registrations in Garmin connect. The sell through has been in line with the deliveries we’re making. So the inventory situation a little bit better, but still not where we need to be.
Cliff Pemble: I think M&A is something where we’re continually looking at. We are usually looking at a few different opportunities at anyone given time. I really don’t ever share what specifically we’re interested in, but I would say anything that complements our segments in terms of technology or adjacent products is, are things that are interesting to us. Valuations are kind of a challenge, is very nuanced right now. There’s obviously a lot of exuberance in the market and expectations. So we certainly don’t want to, and aren’t interested in those things that are simply out of line. And so we typically don’t engage on those.
Cliff Pemble: I think in terms of second half Nik, again, we try to analyze all the factors that we can and in coming up with that. And there’s quite a bit of art and a little bit of science that goes into it. But some of our outlook for the second half is related to the timing of deliveries of certain products to customers. So that’s one thing we benefited some in the first half because of some accelerated delivery. So that’s part of it. In terms of the normalized growth rates, I mean, there’s a lot of studies and a lot of people that put effort into long-term projections for the aviation market, and they typically grow at or above GDP levels for developing countries. And frankly, those studies are so long-term, it’s very difficult to know how real they are based on everything that can happen. As we know, pandemics can change the whole course of the growth trajectory. So we probably only look at that from a passing interest point of view and we generally say that we want our Aviation segment to continue to grow both in terms of market share and penetration on platforms and with market growth.
Cliff Pemble: Well, the marine market continues to be very strong. There’s a lot of interest in boating, our boating OEMs. The people that build the boats are backlogs now many into 2022, and some are even saying that’s closing as well. So there’s just a lot of interest in boating. Our retail partners also see a lot of interest in people upgrading their existing boats. So the momentum is there and we’re simply working very hard to satisfy the needs of the market.
Cliff Pemble: I would say just generally, they’re both very strong, it tends to go up and down. The OEMs have taken some time to spin up their production. Because of course, it’s very complex and a lot of materials involved in what they do. But they’re definitely accelerating. We’re seeing that in our OEM product sales and meanwhile retail, there’s still a lot of interest from our retail partners and a lot of promotions plan for the products in the future.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. When they can find the used boat the market is so incredibly tight, no one is letting go of their boats.
Cliff Pemble: I would say that the autonomous technologies between aviation and auto are very different, so there’s little overlap in terms of what we’re doing in those areas. So really nothing to comment there.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I mean, from a sensor fusion point of view and sensor technology, those are building blocks for sure of things that can be applied. But for the most part auto OEMs have their strategies and their partners that they’re using to work on the autonomous kind of features that they want. And so we’re a part of their overall plan, but not necessarily the ones that are doing their technology.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we continue to press on those opportunities. I think what’s interesting about corporate wellness and some of those programs wellness opportunities that are out there. Each one is different. It requires some level of customization, especially on the part of partners. The benefit that we have in our offering is that we have a broad product line that can be applied to almost any kind of opportunity. And we’ve served opportunities anywhere from the very highest end Phoenix on down to the entry-level vívofit. So we continue to work on those and we continue to look for more opportunities in that space.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Erik, when we create our guidance at the beginning of the year, as I mentioned, there’s a lot of art that goes into it because we’re a business that’s not driven by a backlog book, it’s consumer demand and a lot of times we don’t even see a forecast from our customers and we have to kind of project what they want. So we take that into account at the beginning of the year. By the time we reach this point in the year, of course, we’ve had much more time to evaluate the dynamics of the market and what’s happening. And also we start to see a picture of what will take place in the back half with promotions. So it gives us a better sense of how the year might finish. And that’s why we’ve been able to update our guidance this time, because we saw strong trends in the first half ahead of our expectations. And then as we looked at the second half, now we have more clarity of what’s transpiring for the end of the year.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think it’s really very simple. I mean, we take all of those things into account. We look at the general trends of margins based on promotions, we look at what we’re seeing in terms of component trends and other supply chain pressures. So all of that has been factored into our outlook and we do that every year.
Cliff Pemble: Generally I would say our supply chain costs in the second half will increase more than what we have seen so far this year. And that’s been built into the guide that we’ve provided.
Erik Woodring: Good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter. Just want to start. So obviously you’re seeing a stronger 2021, your new guidance range implies some of the upside and 2Q can also continue into the second half. And so can you just maybe help us understand what has changed from your perspective over the last three months that gives you confidence in your new guidance targets? And then just are you embedding any component constraint – any impact from component constraints into that forecast? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then, if we touch on margins, mix shift to autos would be a headwind to gross margins, but I believe your guidance also assumed some incremental pressures in the second half unrelated to mix? And so, maybe where are you seeing those pressures? Maybe can you talk about what you’re embedding in terms of cost pressures from the new manufacturing facility? And then maybe also component costs and how that impacts your gross margin, kind of all of that together into one. Thanks.
Erik Woodring: And maybe if I just clarify that, are you saying you expect more component cost pressure on the second half, or is it more related to logistics? Just want to make sure I understand that.
