Cliff Pemble: Yes, Simona. I think we've always operated with HERE under long-term contracts. And so while the process that Nokia has been going through has been rather public, we don't have any concern right now in terms of what our massive supply situation will be.
Cliff Pemble: Well, the market is definitely getting more competitive, as some of the major players are -- have or are introducing now their new products for the year. So we recognized that definitely the competition is getting more intense. In terms of our product feedback, of course we are very sensitive to that, and they've been working hard to improve our mobile app and product software in order to be able to be the most robust as possible. I think though that this is part of the reality of the mobile phones and Bluetooth connections, which are somewhat unreliable and software has to try to be as robust as possible, but there is still side effects.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we've already introduced updates to Garmin Connect mobile. And I believe this is working much better, and we also have a roadmap to release the update throughout the year as well.
Cliff Pemble: This relates to some lawsuits that we have previously described in the 10-K, but some of those hopefully will come to a trial in the next few quarters.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. In terms of the R&D investment, and the sustainability of that, the markets right now are very competitive. And so, of course we have to innovate and bring features to market in order to be competitive and superior in our offerings. Right now, we see the growth opportunities in terms of – as the long-term look at that, I think these markets can move up and down very quickly. So we would adjust our business in our investment based on the opportunity that's out there. In terms of the margin profile, particularly in fitness, it's definitely true that the ASP of this particular segment is coming down, because of the contribution of the activity trackers. The margin profile will also certainly come down, although we do believe that our mix of products across the range from low-end to high-end will tend to balance, and we'll still have strong margin profiles in fitness going forward.
Cliff Pemble: Well we have demonstrated consistent progress in our auto OEM business, with some high profile customers like Daimler and Honda. And we continue to work closely with multiple targeted customers on several opportunities better out there. Of course, giving more color on those opportunities, we're unable to do that at this time because of confidentiality. But we view this as a marathon effort and not a sprint. So, we continue to be patient and invest. In terms of our positioning around autonomous vehicles, we certainly offer technologies much like we've introduced recently in our nüvicam that could serve in those kinds of vehicles. But, at this point, we don't see ourselves as a driver of vehicles themselves or as the main integrator in that technology.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. I'll take the inventory question. As it relates to the inventory, that relates to already announced products. So, basically, we have a lot of the fitness products as well as some of the work we talked about in there that we're building up to make sure that we meet demand and the retailers.
Cliff Pemble: I think in terms of sequential moment, we would not expect it to dip. We would expect that our revenue profile will be increasing because of [indiscernible] seasons that are coming up, but in terms of year-over-year performance, we do believe that it will be lower.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So we principally announced $300 million authorization in February. So our current plans are to complete that $300 million within that two-year period of time December 2016. So, the method we purchased in Q1 was just from the time of authorization. So, it obviously is plus than the amount we have last year when we had a full quarter, but we can despite probably a similar pace is what we've seen in Q1, but making sure that we do complete that authorization within our two-year period of time.
Cliff Pemble: Full year, similar guidance we gave 60% to 70% so it's a full year rate. And we saw there was in the first quarter since it's a low income quarter, the $5 million of tax reserve we had there at a larger percentage on that.
Cliff Pemble: No this. In terms of the expectations we've sent, we are operating according to plans, we feel like our current spending is in line with plan four in our budget.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think at this moment, we're comfortable with the level that's being returned. We do have unique limitations around the shareholder structure and control of foreign corporations as well as our capital structure in Switzerland. So, we feel like the current approach is adequate.
Cliff Pemble: I think there's some element of that, that's – this Q1 impact, because we're comparing the discounting that should place in Q1 of 2014 versus 2015, which is probably more a seasonal spike. But in terms of the cost structure and those other factors we would see that going forward and we're managing the business for our market share and profitability. So this is our approach.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. Mark, it's absolutely true that that particularly fitness and somewhat in outdoors is more competitive. There is a need to invest more in advertising that's something that you've been seeing us doing over the past few quarters. We increased our investment in Q1 mostly around point-of-sale material, preparing the way for our new products and also spring advertising campaign that's coming up.
Doug Boessen: So, right now, the market is growing rapidly and we are in a mode of gaining market share and so we are focused on that at the moment and taking advantage of the growth opportunity that's there.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. So with that we currently do not have intentions to hedge. We have not hedged historically. The foreign currencies will move up and down. So at this point in time, we don't have current plans to hedge.
Doug Boessen: Hi, James. I think right now in terms of strength and weaknesses, each of our segments is performing pretty much in line with where we would expect at this moment, still very early in the year, only one quarter behind us. So right now we are not changing any of our outlook in terms of the growth across each of our segments. And in terms of aviation, it definitely was weaker this first quarter, but we are up against a 19% growth in Q1 of 2014 when several new platforms hit the market at once. I would expect that the growth should increase as the year goes forward as new platforms hit the market particularly the Cessna Latitude as well as Cirrus SF50 and the HondaJet.
Doug Boessen: Well, I would say just in terms of availability of the Apple watches only been a few days and in limited quantities, but that at this moment we don't hear of any or expect any significant change, our products are positioned differently than the Apple watch, and we appeal to a strong active lifestyles.
Doug Boessen: Well risk heart rate is definitely a functionality that customers are embracing, and it's a differentiator for our competitors, we anticipate we'll close this gap in our product line in the near future.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. I think Jeremy, in terms of the timing of the product, probably it will be ramping in the back half of Q2. So that's that the timing that we're working with right now. In terms of retailer interest in this product, we do see much more interest in this product in our first VIRB, I think that the form factors appeals to people, the ability to use the product without a protective case is the differentiator and people are excited about the new enhancements we've made to our PC software and our mobile applications to be able to edit and publish videos easily. So we're getting good feedback and – and we would anticipate that we will be able to have better distribution based on the strength of the product features.
Doug Boessen: And Tavis, with regard to the nüvicam and the Collision Warning and Lane Warning type of features, in terms of what I've seen and I've used the product quite a bit, I feel pretty good about the capability and the performance of the product. We've tested the product versus integrated solutions and vehicles that are offered on the market today, and we feel like it compares very favorably. So, we feel good about our technology. We've invested in optics technology for a while now and it's starting to show up now across our product lines including products like nüvicam.
Doug Boessen: Yeah, I think these are very challenging things to specifically measure, because each kind of approach that you use might yield a different result, but we look at search trends and web trends. We look at trends on our websites. We look at trends on major retailers, online retailers and we get a sense out of those types of investigations.
Doug Boessen: Sure. So from – yeah, sorry about that. So, from debt perspective, we anticipate a headwind or consistent to what we have probably in the first quarter there.
