Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. Thanks, Yair, for the positive comments. I think the key point on the restructuring in terms of now is we've accumulated a sizable amount of cash in the U.S. that just cannot be efficiently repatriated. So we've commented on the fact that this transaction really allows us to take care of that problem in the future, and it gives us the flexibility to have additional cash, as we said, for dividends, buybacks and acquisitions. And the other point here, as I said, if we didn't do something in terms of a transaction, this problem would continue to grow. So as our cash accumulates, so does the cost of moving or repatriating that cash up to our parent company.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it really just gives us, again, flexibility. We're not prepared to talk about any other increases at this time. But as you've heard from us in the past, we have consistently grown the dividend. We've been more aggressive recently on the buyback, and this just gives us, again, added flexibility.
Kevin S. Rauckman: No. We're expecting that, go forward, we would be neutral, if not better, on the overall tax rate as we go forward both into 2015 and 2016. So that's another benefit. To be able to do this restructuring right now at this point is to allow us to have some benefit in the future.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. I think we haven't given or don't plan to give guidance in the future, at this point, but it should be on the lower number.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. It really doesn't change that because that's a consistent law that's there in terms of the -- what you call the CFC rules, so it's 10% U.S. shareholders. So that still is in place. But I think, again, we've been more aggressive in recent quarters to go ahead and buy back just due to the fact that we have some overhead there to be able to give us some flexibility to buyback.
Kevin S. Rauckman: We would just say our overall gross margins in outdoor were a little bit below last year, and the primary reason is because of the inventory reserves. So it would have been more in line with what we've seen in the past on the reserves that we put in place.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I'll first address the margin sustainability on the fitness side. We've been very pleased with the fact that we're in the mid-60s on gross margin on our fitness business. And if you look at a typical seasonality, not just on fitness, but across our business, we're expecting to have some decline in gross margin as we go through the holiday selling season. So we do special promotions and pricing activity with our key retail customers, and we're expecting to do that with the fitness business as we go through Q4.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Mark, you're funny. That's good. I think, again, we would not commit to anything specific. In terms of a dividend, the board takes an action on that once a year, so you would expect to hear from us as we close out 2014 and get into 2015 in terms of what our future dividend is. I did say that we've been more aggressive on the buyback, and I think we could continue to give back to shareholders through that means. And then, finally, I mean, we've talked about acquisitions, but this does free up some additional cash at the parent company that will allow us to be a little bit more open to buying back companies -- or excuse me, buying companies as we go forward.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, first of all, on the inventory reserve, yes, it was exclusively for the VIRB, just given our reduced forecast for the year. And then, I'll let Cliff answer on the outdoor market.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I also wanted just to quickly point out, in the fitness market, while the vívofit has done well both in sell-in and sell-through, our other fitness categories, both running and cycling, delivered part of that growth as well. So it wasn't just a one-product strength. We've seen strength pretty much across the entire fitness segment.
Kevin S. Rauckman: And as Cliff and I both talked about, Fusion is a part of our marine growth in the back half of the year, too, so the acquisition that just closed at the end of June. And we expect to get some revenues as we conclude the year this year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, we never give specific numbers on the subsegments, but it was double-digit growth. And that was a nice increase for us during Q2.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, let me try to reemphasize the fact that we needed to be able to move cash to the parent company, and the cost of doing a transaction, whether it's today or a year in the future or 2 years in the future, was going to continue to grow. And this, again, gives us the ability to kind of correct the one inefficiency in our structure that we've had actually since we created the company in 1989. So this has existed from the very beginning. We've always been a foreign-owned company with global businesses around the world. And this just takes, again, the one inefficiency out of the equation and gives us the ability to move forward much more effectively on repatriating earnings.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. Actually, it's a couple of things. It is the fact that our European and Asia Pacific businesses did well. It's also the specific segments that we see growth in. So I think you know, James, that our aviation business is actually owned in the U.S. company, and all of our consumer products are owned, from a technology perspective, outside the U.S. And so when we have businesses like fitness do very well, most of those profits come out a little bit lower tax rate than our average tax rate on the company. And that's what drives down the rate, it's when we have strong performance in those segments.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, absolutely. We'll be -- we'll give more detail in our third quarter because we are expecting this transaction to be posted to our third quarter earnings. It is onetime in nature, and we will pro forma that onetime tax payment out, as we go through the next year. So part of the tax will be paid in -- I'll just confirm, part of the tax will be paid in 2014, but a large piece will also be paid in 2015 as well.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we've always -- in the last several years, we always had an authorized buyback plan in place. So if we were to burn through the $79 million, I think you would expect that our board would approve another plan, but it will always have that flexibility to buy back in market -- as market conditions allow us to.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, actually, we did see -- because of a nice pickup in auto OEM revenue, we did see that we've made money in the quarter. If you look past -- back in the past several quarters, we've been investing heavily in the R&D side, and sales were not at a level where we were making money. But we did make operating profits -- a small amount of operating profits in Q2, so that was a nice trend change in our business.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, again, we won't give details from underneath the auto/mobile segment in general. But I think we're still on a period where we're exploring and trying to win new business there, so I wouldn't expect a significant change. We've said that, at scale, if we could -- if we can get to a much higher scale, we would expect that, that operating margin would be close to 10%. We're nowhere near that, and that would be more of a longer-term goal than a short-term goal.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, without giving all the details you're asking, I think, if you look at our U.S. earnings, we had growing U.S. earnings because of the strength of all segments but also, in particular, our aviation business was continuing to grow double digits. And so it was a sizable amount of earnings as opposed to our total free cash flow numbers of approximately $600 million that were -- we would never -- we were never going to repatriate until we took this action of restructuring. So that's really what it [indiscernible] is to be able to take a significant part of our cash and allows us to move it to the parent to give us opportunity to use it.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think I didn't really answer -- understand your question. But it really frees up pretty much everything in the future as we go forward because we have no limitations of a very high tax rate, withholding tax rate. And we can move that up very tax efficiently in the future. So again, it would solve the one issue that we've had in the past and not really tie up anything with trapped cash, so to speak.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yair, this is Cliff. The market itself has performed pretty much as we had predicted, so there's really no change in dynamics there. We have gained some market share, particularly in North America, which has helped offset some of that. But our volumes are down more than what the revenue implies. The performance beat in the overall category is due to growth in OEM revenues, which were healthy, as well as the effective deferred revenue on the margins and the revenue.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Mark, in terms of outdoor, there's a lot of moving pieces there. Some of the traditional segments of the market are mature and have been in some slight decline in recent years. So there's some pressure there. We also had a very strong comparable last year, particularly in the golf area, as there was a lot of promotional activity around the S1 watch. So we have been tracking softer in the golf category because of the heavy promotions from last year. In terms of the action camera market, we've noted before and everybody realizes that it's a market with an entrenched competitor, so definitely, we view this as a marathon activity as opposed to a sprint. We believe it will take some time, focusing on both product innovation and also increasing our level of advertising promotions and in-store exposures so that we can build share over time.
Clifton A. Pemble: We're still continuing to build out the retail channel in VIRB and specifically focusing on increasing our presence at the retail level, both at big-box stores, as well as specialty stores where we're very strong.
Clifton A. Pemble: There was still some sell-in taking place in early second quarter. But as we close the quarter, we feel very comfortable with where the inventory in the channel sits, and we feel like the reorders are where we expected them to be at this time. We -- like any kind of consumer category, we expect that the back half of the year is where a lot of the volume will be driven, so we're preparing for that.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think, Simona, the market really, we view, is performing largely in line with what we had predicted. We're still going through a period of secular declines. Some geographies are doing better than others, and we're performing better in some cases because of market share gains. So we really don't view it as a significant trend change. In terms of effective -- of EPS, we believe there's about $0.07 on a year-over-year basis.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think, in Europe, it's true that some countries have been performing better than others on average. And we really don't see a significant change in that trend, but there are still some areas, particularly areas within Europe as well as North America, where the declines are still more steep than the average.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think our new products will still be the primary growth driver into the back half of the year. There will be some promotional activities going on in the back half towards Christmas. And also, OEM customers tend to start ramping up their product lines midyear, leading up to the end of the year.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we absolutely feel like there'll be increased competition into the back half of the year. The activity tracking market in particular is very competitive. We expect existing competitors to introduce new products, and expect new competitors to come on the market. So that is factored into our overall outlook.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think it's mostly around just the overall market performance in those areas. Keep in mind that APAC is where a significant amount of our OEM revenues are recognized, so as a result, some of that growth is due to that. And we are doing better in places like China as well, which is driving some growth. But Europe is just generally doing better than what it's done in the past few years. And particularly in our outdoor and fitness areas, Europe has delivered good growth for us.
Clifton A. Pemble: We feel like we're very well positioned, where we had hoped to be at the beginning of the year. We feel like we have almost every major big-box and specialty retailer committed to the product line in the category. So at this point, I feel like we've accomplished what we set out to do.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think the last question was about vívofit, so I think my comments were around what we set out to do in vívofit we have accomplished. I think we've been very transparent about the fact that we have not met our expectations on VIRB. And I think the reasons for that are well known. We believe we have a superior product with great technical features, very competitive, and customers that are picking up the product really love and appreciate what it does. But it is a market that has a very strongly entrenched competitor, and in any situation like that, it is challenging to capture market share. So we know that's the position we're in, and that's what we've been saying.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we're seeing growth across a number of product categories that we offer in OEMs. We have a very strong relationship with BMW on the motorcycle side. That has contributed to growth. We have a relationship with VW that has been driving growth in that particular car segment. And we're also seeing increases from both our relationships with Chrysler, as well as Suzuki, and then, finally, new deliveries with Daimler.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we've seen better performance in some of those customer accounts than what we expected, although we would expect that, that will probably level out towards the back half of the year. So some of our growth projections we've done internally in the -- in this particular category were front-half loaded.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So we'll try to tackle all the questions there. In terms of the OEM outlook, we're not prepared to give guidance in that particular subsegment. But I would say that it is a smaller percentage of revenues in the overall auto/mobile category. And consequently, even though it can perform well, it's probably not going to move the needle without some help from other areas, which is what we've talked about with the deferred revenue piece. The deferred revenue piece, we've kind of reached a point where it has had a maximum contribution there, and going forward, that will change because of the way that we've deferred revenue over the past 3 to 5 years. So the segment itself could again turn negative. We would probably expect that as the PND volumes continue to decline. In terms of the global trends, again, I think our outlook there is that the market would be down in the 17% to 20% range, and that's consistent with the underlying trends we see in our business when you strip out the effects of the added market share gains that we've had. And finally, in terms of increased advertising, we're planning to promote heavily our already announced products in the market this coming fall, so that is primarily where we're focusing our energy. In terms of new things, we always have new things that we're doing. We're not prepared to talk about those right now, but we do have a pipeline of innovation that we're cultivating and will result in new products as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. In terms of total addressable market on activity trackers, last year, we estimated that market to be about a 5 million unit market. It is in a stage of hyper-growth, so we would expect that to roughly double this coming year. In terms of the VIRB action camera, last year, a very similar story in terms of numbers, about 5 million units. And the growth last year, I believe was probably close to double. We expect that market to moderate somewhat this coming year due to the various maturity levels of the market in the channel and the competitors that are there. But it's still very healthy market. In terms of vívokí, one of your questions, that product is scheduled to be released in the later half of this year. That product, though, is targeted more towards B2B opportunities. So at this point, it doesn't really factor in, in terms of a big needle mover. Most of our outlook in fitness is driven by all of the new products and particularly vívofit, which is doing well.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think in a simple word, yes, we've accelerated, and we are driving growth through new product introductions.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think, as we mentioned earlier in our comments, that the growth in fitness was broadly distributed across several product categories. We don't split out details on each product category. But we were pleased with the growth that we saw in vívofit, obviously, but also, in the cycling area, as well as the running area, we saw significant growth.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think in terms of that, we feel like we've already achieved that. We probably estimate that we have about 10% at this early stage, which, again, we feel like it is a strong start to that particular category.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think there's a lot of dynamics there because of evolving new products. So we probably can't offer details in terms of what we expect on the overall trends other than what we provided, which is, for the year, we feel like the category will be up around 50%.
