Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Mark, this is Cliff. There's really a couple of factors that impact our PND deliveries. First of all, we're delivering units under the Navigon brand, which has increased our deliveries. And along with that, we have market share gains, both when considering the Navigon brand, as well as organically in the Garmin brand. So we've been able to essentially avoid the trends in the market, which is a clear downsizing of the market that's going on right now. So as we comp against Navigon in the third and fourth quarter, we would expect our unit deliveries to level out and follow the market after that. And the market trend, again, is down 10% to 15% or so this year we estimate. As far as Apple goes, of course, everyone knows about the announcement that was made, turn-by-turn navigation on the next version of the OS. I would say that we've been through this before on the Android side of things, and Android does offer that on all their devices right now, so we don't see that as being a big change in terms of customers' perceptions. It just means that there's a choice now on the Apple platform that people didn't have before.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think there's no question, John, that in-dash systems are increasing. It is still true that a lot of those systems are sold with more expensive cars or higher-end trends, and so the amount of penetration there has some upper bound at least at the moment. But right now, we still see that there's a healthy demand from people with vehicles without turn-by-turn navigation, as well as replacement buyers.
Clifton A. Pemble: ASP is kind of a hard metric for Aviation because systems like the G5000 come with many components in the overall system, and price per aircraft, of course, is high compared to other areas of our business. In terms of margin, we feel like that will be equivalent margin to what we've been experiencing so far, and there really shouldn't be any change in the overall gross margin profile.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we think it's going steadily. I think this market does move at a fairly slow pace and the projects do take some time to develop and the relationships. So we don't want to provide people a false sense that this is going to move very quickly. The Auto industry is a slow-moving industry. With that said, we're excited about where we're at with the Suzuki program launches now, and it's a full infotainment system for the vehicle, which is a Tier 1 opportunity for us, which we're excited about. And other recent wins such as VW with the Navigon brand on the Up vehicle has been very good.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, there's definitely other projects we're working on and I really can't comment on the timeline of those. But as I mentioned, the timeline for these programs is very long. So I would expect patience is in order in terms of just seeing some of these come to fruition.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think auto manufacturers are interested in incorporating consumer content into the cars. That's been true for a while now, and this is really just a variation on the capabilities that cars have had for a while, which is what we call the push-to-talk capability, activating voice recognition.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think, Simona, as we mentioned in 2011, we had a lot of promotional activities with products that was nearing the end of their life cycle. And I think you can expect that going forward, we'll have those kinds of activities as well, which will bring the pricing down and also bring the value up for people that are looking for certain capabilities in their running and cycling products. We're also planning to introduce new products, which will address additional price points in our range.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it's people gravitating towards the higher end of our product range, our bigger displays, as well as our more capable sounders which go on larger vessels.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think aircraft OEMs are running a long lead business much like a carmaker would do, but they have to plan their production months or even more than a year in advance. And so they provide us with forecast, and those are usually pretty solid. Obviously, when there's a major disruption in the economy like what we experienced back in 2008, things can dramatically change. But we feel like, for what we know today, there should not be anything that would significantly change the projections they're giving us.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think there's a certain amount of activity that we can support given the size of the overall automotive industry and the number of competitors that are out there. But right now, certainly, automakers are looking for new solutions and innovators that can come in and provide unique advantages and differentiators for their products. But this is a business that has a large number of participants, and the overall operating margin profile of people in the industry, if you gotten a look, is on the lower side. But it's also a business that gets refreshed every few years. Automakers don't just choose the supplier and then keep that for the next 20 years. They're constantly looking for new things. So we think that there's a sustainable business there that requires investment to get there.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, as we have told you before, we have been extensively testing working prototypes that we've been building. And at the time, we weren't happy with the consistency and the overall performance that we were seeing. So we are doing some design changes and starting to assemble new prototypes now, and we would expect that by the end of the year we should have a solid power meter.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, it's some of that, but it's a highly sensitive measuring instrument, and so integrating that into the bike and achieving some of the innovations that we're working on here has been challenging, but something that we're able to knock off the problems one by one.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Actually, we estimate our market position right now to be a strong #2 in the market, and we're actually the strongest one single brand out there in the market. We've been able to raise our penetration into the market through our large displays and through additional systems that we brought to market such as our radars and our sounders, which are built for the big boaters and the coastal markets. So we're very strong, we feel, in the coastal markets, and we're less penetrated in some of the other markets such as inland and sailing.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think, we've established a really strong presence in the market especially amongst the really serious participants in that market, and so we're experiencing a lot of loyalty from those customers built on the kind of products that we're doing. They're very innovative, they offer the kind of features that the customers want and they trust our products and our brands for what they're doing.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, you have to look at the seasonality that we experienced in margin. So while we did have a really strong quarter in the first half on gross margins, we still expect promotional activity during the holiday season, which will drive a little bit of gross margin decline in our Auto/Mobile segment. And then on the operating level, I think there is definitely a continued investment in those areas especially in the OEM side that Cliff and I both discussed. So it's a combination of the seasonality of gross margin but also the continued investment on OpEx.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we've been investing pretty heavily on the Auto OEM and the Aviation and the Marine OEMs. So there's no peak. We're just going to continue to invest on these programs for future revenue growth.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we're not really commenting on the amount that -- I think we did continue to perform well. Now we're into a period of transitioning to one brand in the back half, but that business and that acquisition has been very suitable to us not only from a revenue perspective, but also from capability on the R&D side.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, first of all, we actually raised our guidance on Outdoor because our prior expectations had been 5% to 10%, so we're raising that due to continued success on what I have mentioned, the golf and the dog-related products. But I think Fitness is -- and we talked about the fact that we have tough comps into Q2. We do expect with some new product releases in the back half for that to be better, but I think it's that and also Marine are definitely macro concerns.
Kevin S. Rauckman: No. We've continued down the same strategic path there. We're looking for companies that would fit us well, but can also provide growth much like you've seen from us in the past. So no real change in our strategy.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, first of all, the $21 million adjustment is actually a gross margin benefit, so it's not a sales impact, but your other comments about Navigon and deferred revenue definitely hold true. So we did see with -- if you strip out deferred revenue, we did see just a small ASP decline as we move towards a little bit lower sales of lower-priced SKUs. That definitely exceeded expectations on the first half, but I think we're being pragmatic as we look at the back half of the year on unit growth, and we picked up market share gains pretty healthy in North America on the first half, but we don't forecast we're going to continue to grow any further on share gains in the second half.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I don't think our expectation is, again, in the low 30s, but they definitely come down as we see every Q4 into the -- below 40%. So there is some decline is assumed -- in our EPS assumptions in the back half, but not as low as you just stated.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it's both. I think the Vector product definitely was the one product delay that we assumed earlier in our guidance, so that's one component. But it's also a factor that there is more competition, and we do have some new products that I mentioned. We can't talk specifically about them yet, but if they are received well, we feel confident in that segment. But it's a combination of both product timing and also competition.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. I think, on the Fitness, definitely, we have niches of existing segments and categories. We're not looking at any brand new. We brought up the Swim watch as you mentioned, and then it's primarily in the running market. We already have the cycling products out for the year. So there's no new brand new categories that we have coming up other than some new features and functionality. From the Outdoors, I mentioned we have some very significant Q4 results last year. So we're really talking about a tough comp year-over-year, but with the new fenix watch, we think that's going to do well, and the remaining golf products and the dog-related products. So I think we're being reasonable on our expectations on Outdoor in the back half of the year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, not really. I mean, we've seen single-digit product cost benefits across our business, but I think a lot of it had to do with the product mix as we talked about. We think that 5 points of margin is due to the fact that we sold products at higher functionality and higher price points, which helped our overall gross margins across many of the segments.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it was one of our suppliers that we typically review the price or the cost per unit. And so we made some adjustments there after doing further review, and I think that's the onetime benefit that we expect in Q2. So we don't expect that that's going to be anything significant moving forward, but it was a kind of a cleanup or a correction of past license fees paid.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. We did see continued increases in that, primarily in the European market. So we're about 2/3 of our PNDs are now bundled with lifetime map. So we expect that to continue to increase probably to about 3/4 of our units by the end of the year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I would think that SG&A, we did have the onetime $9 million. SG&A should stay at the current run rate where we might actually see a little bit of savings in Q3, but it will be between the 13% and 14% of sales for the full year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I was referring to the $99 million. So yes, we would still see a slight growth if you strip out the legal fees for the rest of the year, but still, I guess, between 13% and 14% total year SG&A as a percent of sales.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, thanks, everyone, for your participation, and we look forward to staying in touch and further comments as we execute in the business throughout the second half of the year. So thanks again, and have a great weekend.
