Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think just to shed some light on that specific category of ADS-B, it's only one category within our broader aviation segment. So if we just speak generally about that, I would say that with some additional shop capacity, of course that would drive additional sales in that category. As I mentioned in my remarks, there is a follow-through trend with customers adding additional equipment to their aircrafts when they bring in the aircraft in for work. A lot of times it makes sense to add other things that they want to have in the aircraft. So, we're seeing compounding effect from that, and we would expect that to continue as the mandate approaches. In terms of specific numbers around aviation for 2019 and 2020, we can't really provide specific color on that. As I said in my remarks, we're working on more than one opportunity. So, we believe that we have growth paths beyond the ADS-B cycle. And given what we see playing out with ADS-B, we do anticipate more of a soft landing than a hard cliff of revenues in terms of that category.
Clifton A. Pemble: We do have some additional announcements that will come in the back half of the year, but for the most part our product line-up is set. We do have a very refreshed product line-up this year. So, we feel good about our positioning and of course last year, we did have the introductions of some of our advanced wearables and new categories in wellness in the back half of the year. So, we're comping against that. The fitness market, you know, has shown that it has been a little more dynamic, so we're taking a more cautious view on the back half that we believe there's strong reason that our products and our business should perform well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So in terms of auto and as we – it's been our practice really for years as we do take a fairly conservative view of that given the situation of the market. We do see the ongoing decline of PND. During the quarter, we did experience strength in both truck and camera products, so we're offsetting some of those declines with new categories. And in terms of OEM, we are seeing some programs roll off like Chrysler and other new programs, which have not contributed yet, such as BMW. So, we'll see some ups and downs in the OEM portion of the contributions, but that's our outlook for the remainder of the year and then, of course, as we move into future years, we'll be able to update that as we see new programs coming on and as the categories change.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So in outdoor, we do have additional launches in the back half of the year, but for the most parts, our major categories are set. And I think we're right where we expected to be in the segment, and so that's why we left our guidance unchanged. Okay. Thank you. I guess, move on to the next question.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think we've been targeting our margins around the mid upper 50s% and our operating margins in the low to mid-20s in the segment and as we see lumpiness around the seasonality as well as product launches, that can be up and down, but that's generally the long-term targets that we're shooting for.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So in Asia, there are some larger countries that are driving some growth there, particularly China and Japan have been superstars in terms of the overall APAC market that there are other markets as well that are doing very well. In terms of the Europe dynamic, I think our year-to-date performance there can be completely attributed to the fēnix effect from last year. They were super strong in their launch of fēnix from last year and they had almost really as a whole quarter of Q2 to be able to launch fēnix 5. This year, we announced the fēnix 5 with less than two weeks to go in the quarter. So consequently, they had very little opportunity in terms of their channel fill as compared to other markets. So I think the dynamics there can be completely attributed to fēnix.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we did announce the vívoactive 3 music and that product seemed to have been received well in terms of its unique design and capabilities adding to the vívoactive line of music. So that was one dynamic. In terms of overall distribution, I think for the most part our distribution is pretty well set. Although, we see some countries in some areas, some markets improving incrementally but for the most part it's what has been for a while.
Clifton A. Pemble: So in terms of customer preferences they do seem to be moving towards products with more features. It seems like smart features are table stakes if you will. Customers like the sensor technology and especially the additional features that that we bring to the table such as stress monitoring and sleep tracking. And then just in general, I think our products are very strong around the GPS side and the position, location focus of our watches, which make them very strong in the active lifestyles. Music, payments and maps are certainly adding to that. So, we see those as all positive points for the customer. In terms of shifts in the competitive landscape, I would say, you know in terms of TomTom to exit, there's probably some effect, depending on the country that you talked about. Some countries still report that there is strong inventory of competitive products in the market and so those areas probably haven't changed as much well as others. The channel is pretty much flushed through and so that does lead to increased opportunities for our products.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. In terms of number of units, of course, you know these are very specialized aircrafts, so it's a small quantity, but we view it as a stepping stone into that market and it shows the capability of our cockpit systems to be able to be used in a very advanced specialized application like the F-5. In terms of our shipset prices, we can't talk about those details, but again, we're very excited about the opportunity and we believe that will be a stepping stone for us into more.
Clifton A. Pemble: In terms of things that haven't been announced like, we can't speak to those. Definitely there are a lot of exciting opportunities that are coming that have been announced. For instance, the Longitude is in its final stages of certification. Also, we have positions on the Cessna SkyCourier and the Denali as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. We're very encouraged by what we see in the deal pipeline and we believe that we'll have additional news to share this year in terms of more customers.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. We believe that our sensor technology shows a lot of promise in being able to play in the light medical device market. And so, participating in these studies is one way to start verifying the technology and proving that it can be used for certain applications. That's a long pathway in terms of our development there. It involves qualification of the product and certification of the product with various FDAs around the world. But it's a step in towards a growth opportunity in the future.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, so early days, but we're very encouraged by what we see in terms of the market feedback, and the real-time information we get as people register their products. I think out of the gate, the higher-end versions, the fēnix 5X Plus have been very strong. And we're starting to see the momentum gather around the other versions as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, definitely, there's the factor that that a very competent product is side by side with the fēnix 5 Plus, there's no question about that. We will use that in terms of our overall strategy in the market, in terms of pricing, the two different versions. But that said, it's still very early days with only just literally days in the back half of the quarter that that we had to ship products. We were very pleased with our overall contribution from the fēnix 5 Plus.
