Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. In general you should expect that we’re at a new base rate. There will be some variability just due to difficulty to forecast since the manner in which we estimate is – has a lot of variables there, but in general we’re at a new run rate now.Joseph Longobardi – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. Good-bye.
Kevin Rauckman: In general we look year-over-year. We’ve been watching the bundled and unbundled. And if you look like a year ago, we were sitting at about $50 difference between bundled and unbundled and as we went through Q3 the number was closer $20. So I think we’ve been evaluating that and it came to a point where due to market condition changes we had to change our baseline of how we defer that revenue.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. The pricing is related to our pricing to the distributor. So it’s not the end retail, but it’s more the price that we get on revenue on our products sold to the customer.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. So I think what we’ve seen on the PND market share is that – we mentioned that our European businesses are growing, we saw growth during the period. And clearly the North American market’s still in decline, but overall, we still think that our global market share we’ve been able to retain, if not see that grow a little bit, from the 37%, 38% range is where we would put the overall global share in PND.
Kevin Rauckman: I think – yes, sequentially we would still expect the deferred revenue component to be larger than in Q3, but it will – we believe it will be lower than what it was a year ago. So year-over-year, Q4 the deferred component will be down. So that’s what our expectations are going into the holiday season.Charlie Anderson – Dougherty & Company: Okay. Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think we have pretty good plans going in to the holiday season with our retailers. So we know what the – generally what the price points are. We don’t know, obviously, the exact mix based on the sell through rates. So I think the main driver there is – not surprisingly, is the PND margins. We don’t see – we don’t expect that we will continue to see 44% growth margins on PND. We always have discounting and special promotional products at the Black Friday and the entire quarter. So that’s the primary reason. There is some level of conservatism. But I think we feel pretty comfortable with our overall guidance for the quarter and the year.Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Great. And then just one final quick one. Any sense of the inventory situation on the PND side both in Europe and in the North America? Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. Thanks, Yair. Inventory in our opinion is in really good shape. We don’t expect any major issues there. The channel is much cleaner than it has – than it was a year ago and it’s been like that for most of this year because retailers have been more conservative in their buying patterns.Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. I think there’s – again, there’s a lot of details on the tax rate that go into that. A lot of it would depend on the profitability by the various regions, whether Europe versus – APAC versus Americas grows faster. But in general, we feel like somewhere between the 12% and 15% range on effective tax rates is where you should model this business in the next couple of years.
Kevin Rauckman: Your first number about down 13% is pretty close to what we have, yeah. I think you’re in the ballpark on that. From a OEM, I know on the Marine side, we’ve seen an increase in the Marine OEM business. It used to be very small. In the last couple of quarters, it’s run about 10% of our overall Marine segment. And on the Aviation side, do we have an exact number we’re ready to...
Kevin Rauckman: Auto OEM. Auto OEM. I think what we’ve – we’re – we’ve commented, we don’t break it out officially between our Auto/Mobile segment because the Auto OEM is still a relatively small component of the Auto/Mobile segment. It’s between – around $125 million, roughly, this year, and it will – we expect it to continue to grow. Cliff talked about some new deals that we’ve won like the VW Volkswagen Up and the Suzuki. Many of the deals that we’re working on with our new platform would take us a couple of years before we would see revenue contributions, so this is more of a longer term strategy. And hopefully, we’ll have some additional wins to talk about here in the future.
Kevin Rauckman: Well we haven’t changed it significantly, but a significant portion of our operating expenses are allocated on sales. As you saw in the quarter and the year, Fitness has really grown much faster than the other segments so they do gain, I guess, some of those operating expenses in the segment, which has impacted our operating margins in the short term. I think when we look forward on the growth rate to the various businesses, I think – again, 2011 has been more significant in the impact that we’ve seen on the bottom line from these segments. But as I mentioned in our formal remarks, we’re pretty comfortable with the long term margin structure of those traditional segments, including Fitness.
Kevin Rauckman: I think what we’re assuming is – we’re assuming growth through the traditional segments. In Marine, if you look at Marine Q4, the lowest quarter from just an absolute dollar level. Now the key question is are we going to see anything change? So I think on PND for the holiday season, we’re looking at sequential growth much like we’ve seen in the past across our total business but maybe not quite as pronounced in Q4. That’s – those are the assumptions that we’ve put into our guidance for fourth quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: I think we’re comfortable with the policy this year. We – actually, the board hasn’t made any final decisions yet. We would address the use of cash as we come out of the year and get into Q1, but the timing of that would be – when we set our 2012 guidance we will also talked about dividend policy. Clearly, you can see from our strong cash flow that we have a considerable amount of cash being generated in the business, talk about acquisitions, strategic acquisitions to acquire, which would not come anywhere near what our operating cash is. So in general we like the idea of paying a strong dividend yield, right now roughly 5% maybe a little bit below that with current price. But we’d like that strategy. Generally, the way we look at it is the dividend yield as opposed to a payout ratio.
Kevin Rauckman: No. We’ve not broken those out traditionally, so just under 3.5 million units for the quarter, but we do not break out unit volumes below that.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. We probably won’t see that for at least another year, after end of 2012. And then we’ll get into that position where that will turn around.
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think in the category of aircraft that the G5000 goes into, our market share is currently really zero because we’re starting basically with new wins there. Going forward, it’s difficult to say because there’s lots of deals still in the works and programs that we’re certifying now. But we aim to take a meaningful share of that market through the unique value that our system offers to the OEMs.
Kevin Rauckman: Gross margins in Auto OEM tend to be lower for various reasons. Obviously, you’re going through another layer of resale in the channel. Operating margins also tend to be lower both because of the top line as well as the investment that it takes in the OEM business. It’s definitely a resource-intensive business.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. That’s – well, I think that – yeah, a little bit over $40 million actually.Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Right. Right, actually over $40 million, like closer to $42 million.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. The $17.8 million was the gross margin impact, so the $0.07 is – yeah, that’s right.Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Right. Okay.
Clifton Pemble: Well, Charlie, I think some of the good results we have on the Retrofit side are driven by new product introductions. Our GTN series offers new capabilities that weren’t available in the past to Retrofit buyers. That’s one catalyst. And then in general, it seems as we get closer to the end of the year people are accelerating on their decisions to equip their aircraft in order to take advantage of tax incentives and things that are still in place.Charlie Anderson – Dougherty & Company: Got it. And then a question on the deferrals, Kevin, you sort of implied a revenue number for Q4 here in your full year gut instinct. And I wondered what is sort of the impact deferrals that you’re assuming in that – I think it’s $750 million number for Q4. And I’m also wondering how we should think about going forward. I think at one point you thought you’d get sort of a net benefit from all the amortization, I wonder if that pushes out a little bit with the change from your product...
Clifton Pemble: I think, James, we don’t anticipate that the trends we’ve seen recently are going to change materially in the near term. In the coming year, we anticipate another approximately 10% decline in the worldwide unit volumes. We do believe that in the longer term, that the market stabilizes at some point and I think a lot of people are trying to project what that is. It’s kind of difficult to do, but we do believe there’s a long-term market there that’s still substantial that we can serve.
Clifton Pemble: Probably hard to say. I don’t think this is a new trend because each year when there’s a potential expiration of bonus depreciation, people tend to defer their buying decisions until somewhat of a last minute. But we do think that there’s some level of interest in improvement in the Retrofit market as people are enticed by the new products, so there’s a balance of factors that are there and kind of hard to quantify each one.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. We tend to see business there that is evenly split between Retrofit and OEMs at this point because we do have strong positions at many OEMs. There’s also the portable component that rounds out our total Aviation revenues, but we don’t split it out beyond that.
Clifton Pemble: I think it’s really two things, Scott. One is, our products are known in the community as being the products that offer the features and the performance that people are looking for in the fitness environment. So we’ve developed a reputation and a brand amongst athletes that Garmin is the go-to brand. In terms of going forward, we believe that there’s opportunity to expand the market to appeal to different levels of athletes. And we can invest in our product line in order to be able to address those other segments of the market.
Clifton Pemble: Well I think Aviation is actually a very interesting growth story for us. We are working hard on quite a few platforms, some of which we’ve outlined for you today as well as in the past, and we are very much under-penetrated in the mid-size business jet category and that’s an area that we can continue to grow for a while.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. I don’t know that we can quantify it on the fly. But – so we do see significant opportunity with lots of platforms that are still either being developed or are going to be up for renegotiation and new avionic systems for those platforms in the future.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. I think, John, as the market develops and as we see – confirm the trends that are there, we’ll have to scale our investment and the end products and R&D accordingly just to fit the market. While we did introduce a significant line of products this year, the new line does represent a significant simplification of our product lines and we would anticipate going forward that we can make similar changes in order to scale our investment.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. I think for the partners we’re working with right now we do hear favorable feedback from them that they appreciate the Garmin brand and the benefits that, that brings in the consumer awareness. People feel like they’re getting a system that they know and from a provider they can trust. So we do see benefit in that.
Clifton Pemble: Well, Paul, first of all, we’ve concentrated on each individual market and tried to make sure that our product is up to the standards that those markets expect, giving them everything that they need for their particular navigational situations. We’ve also focused our strategy on all included in terms of services, so traffic, map, updates, all of those things are all included in the price. And customers know what to expect in terms of the ongoing cost of maintaining their unit.
Clifton Pemble: I think generally, we feel like channel inventories are really quite lean and clean exiting the quarter. As we move into the holiday season, of course, we’re shipping a lot of units in for – in anticipation of holiday gift buying. But as of the exit of the quarter, we felt like it was very lean.
Clifton Pemble: I think we feel like it’s an important area for us to have a presence. At the moment, it is an insignificant number relative to the overall revenue headline of Garmin. But we’re pleased so far with our progress.
