Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we were evaluating business trends. We knew we had come through the fourth quarter with a steeper decline on the PND and that we evaluated global trends across all of our markets. We realized that the decline was in fact steeper than we'd earlier thought. So there really isn't any detailed analysis other than we evaluated the Americas, EMEA and APAC regions and realized that those growth -- those changes in PND shipments were actually not going to get better. So we feel like this is a more accurate outlook on what the overall market is doing. I think we pointed out that this isn't due to any kind of market share declines, just really the fact that we've been gaining share and we anticipate we're going to track more in line with what the overall market is going forward.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think that's our expectation now. Of course, we don't have great visibility in the fourth quarter, but we believe that there will be less seasonality. I mean, we'll have some seasonality due to the holiday season, but the numbers won't be as significant as they've been in the last 3 or 4 years.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we didn't address much on the ASP, but we're expecting fairly nominal changes on pricing, but we're looking at overall unit declines globally of around 20% on the PND market, and that's pretty consistent between the Americas and EMEA, which are the 2 largest markets, those both being down at least that level. So those are our assumptions baked in the Auto/Mobile guidance.
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, I think ASPs are -- the difference in -- we're looking -- like first of all, a PND within our Auto/Mobile, of course, that includes mobile, auto OEM and PND. So we're not anticipating any price increases right now.
Kevin S. Rauckman: We assume that we would be buying some back but we didn't put all of the $300 million in the full year. The board actually approved that the $300 million buyback could extend past 2013, so we did assume that we would be buying back, but we didn't -- again, not all $100 million -- or $300 million of that would be bought in 1 year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: One other point on that, Jonathan, from an operating expense, really, the only the area that we're seeing any growth in, in 2013 is in the R&D side, so we're managing advertising well. And also, from an SG&A perspective, we're expecting that to decline year-over-year, too.
Kevin S. Rauckman: We didn't specifically. We do expect strong free cash flow. At this point, we're looking probably at the level of around $525 million, given the operating income numbers that we put into our guidance. So we don't see a lot of movement on working capital. And of course depreciation, amortization stayed about the same. So overall, about $525 million for the year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think to answer your first question, we've been pretty open about the 5 unique certifications in the Part 25, beginning with the Learjet 70 75 and then ending the year with 3 different Cessna certifications, which are the Sovereign, the Citation X and the M2. So we're going to be more back-end loaded because of the timing of the certification. But as Cliff said earlier, that's what's driving all of the revenue growth for the full year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: New opportunities, we also have some additional wins that are not coming until future years, 2014, 2015. But we do feel like we have a good path forward and new incremental opportunities for several years out.
Kevin S. Rauckman: It has been a meaningful impact because of the difference between what we record on the P&L and then the actual cash benefit. For 2013, we're expecting for the first time that we'll actually get a positive treatment on that. So that from now on, we believe that the deferred revenue numbers actually is going to be favorable on the P&L. In the past year, for example, in 2012, I think we had about a $67 million deferred revenue benefit due to cash.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. It's because we didn't really break it out. We kind of had said historically, it's around a 10% level of our total Auto/Mobile segment, but we haven't given absolute numbers.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think we're expecting fairly stable margins -- gross margins in the Outdoor area. As I said, Fitness is very close. Aviation, we think that's a stable number, too, around 70%. And then the auto PND, we don't expect much deterioration there. So because pricing isn't moving and our bill of material, our costs are fairly stable as well. We believe that all of those are sustainable. Marine is the one, that Cliff mentioned earlier, it's going to be better than what we reported in Q4 but probably a little bit down year-over-year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So I think, first of all, on the Aviation, as you know, we've been putting some significant investments on the certifications on Part 25, and those are going to continue. I think the fact that gross margins are moving, it's just a matter of growing the top line, and so we're seeing 10% to 15% for the upcoming year, which don't -- doesn't really move us back to the historical levels. But with continued new business that we'll see going down the road the next few years, we believe that the operating margins will move back to above the current levels that we've been reporting. Marine, on the other hand, Marine is -- we feel like it's not to the point where we can say it's going to move back up into the -- even in the 20s or 30s, but we have some really some work to do there to be more efficient in that business and to get the biggest bang for our R&D investment there. So I think that may be -- Marine may be a little bit more difficult to return to those levels.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, as always, we appreciate everyone's interest. Happy to move forward and really meet or exceed our expectations as we go through. And we, again, look forward to updating each of you, as we do that throughout the year. So thanks, again, and we'll talk later.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Rich. We do expect some incremental growth. We don't expect it to be as strong as 2012 because there were quite a few models and programs ramping up, particularly at Chrysler in 2012. But we're forecasting some slight amount of growth and still something that's starting to be a meaningful part of our Auto/Mobile business.
Clifton A. Pemble: It's really hard to predict. I think that each automaker in each particular project or program would have its own set of requirements and time lines. Typically in the auto industry, when you start talking about a new system, it can take anywhere from 3 to 5 years to come to fruition.
Clifton A. Pemble: So I think right now the market is definitely pressured [indiscernible] with quite a few competitors. And our product line, which we're refreshing significantly in 2013 is a little bit late to market. So our existing products have been discounted. We do anticipate that the gross margin will probably be down somewhat from the historically high levels, but we would also expect it to bounce back some.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So definitely, we're wrapping everything together to give our total view of Fitness. In terms of the running watch market, we're strongest in the GPS-enabled running watch, which is something we pretty much pioneered in terms of an integrated device. And so we believe we have very strong market share in that segment, probably greater than 50%. Although it's -- even though the volumes are somewhat interesting, it's a niche kind of volume compared to like a PND, so there's not a lot of market research that goes into that. On the bike side, it's a very similar situation, where we're specializing the GPS-enabled portion of the market. The volumes compared to all bike computers is on the lower side but, obviously, the price and the performance and the features are on the high side. So it's a growing category. Cyclists are starting to appreciate the benefits of GPS-enabled cycling. And when we do come out with our Vector power meter later in the year, we'll have a total solution for people high-end head unit with power meter, which is what cyclists really want.
Clifton A. Pemble: We're factoring most of that as growth in the Part 25, the new certifications. There are some of the new products that we've announced that will contribute to both retrofit and OEM, but generally the growth is driven by Part 25.
Clifton A. Pemble: The window is not closed, and we are working on some additional opportunities, but don't have any details we can share right now.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it does require significant investment, and we're not at the point where we're achieving the scale there to really turn the needle towards more the number that you mentioned. Although I'd point out that 10% in the auto OEM business is really considered a pretty healthy kind of operating margin. But we would expect in a few years' time, as our revenues grow, that we should be able to turn the corner.
Clifton A. Pemble: We don't break it out by product segment. As I mentioned, we would expect the product to be to market in midyear. That's a little bit late for the season, but we still think that we'll be able to catch some sales in the back half of the year. We're only anticipating some modest impact to Fitness because of that. The margin profile is good on that product, particularly the margin dollars. But again, it's coming a little late, so we're not overfactoring that right now.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we definitely factored those things in. Europe's situation is really pretty challenging, and we don't foresee that, that gets materially better. We're also not predicting it gets much worse either, but we feel like we probably hit kind of a bottom there. The North American market is stable to gradually improving, and we think a lot of our performance there and in Europe as well really depends on the introduction of our new products, which always generate new interest and new sales.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, it's difficult to say. We did go through a pretty rapid change in Q4, where we saw the trends come down more significantly than we have in the past. So predicting an endpoint is a little bit challenging. I would say that we are being more conservative in terms of where that might be in our overall planning, but it is difficult to say exactly where it lands.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think our products, as I mentioned, are a little bit late for the season. We really should have them in the market right now in order to take full advantage of the seasonality. That said, we have good pricing on our existing products and we would expect some improvement in those sales. But probably the impact from the new products won't be seen until the middle half to the end of the year.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think in general, we're watching the situation closely. We also recognize that it's been only just a short amount of time since we recognized this change, so we want to make sure that anything we do is in line with where the market is going to head long term. That said, there's still some needs across the organization. We feel like we have a very agile workforce that we can redeploy into certain other areas. And so we're taking steps right now to try to maximize our efficiency and make sure that we take advantage of all the opportunities we see.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we don't believe, and we never have believed, that it goes to 0. I think the real question, Paul, is what is the level it stabilizes that. And I think market experts, as well as any number of PND providers can probably debate that point for a long time, but we feel like there's still utility and there's still a market for certain kinds of devices long into the future, and the question is how much.
Clifton A. Pemble: We've always focused on protecting our best ideas and the most general ideas that are enabling to the industry. So we're constantly filing patents and we're constantly thinking ahead in terms of where the market might go. So we feel like we're in a reasonably strong position. I think intellectual property is always a very tricky area, and there's all kinds of situations that are out there in terms of patent law and patent practice. But in general, we feel good about where we stand.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, again, if you look at our history, the types of opportunities that we've been able to secure, are ones that are very -- mostly related to the businesses that we're in, and either extend our products, technology or resources in those areas. So for example, Tri-Tronics gave us additional presence in the outdoor market, particularly in the dog training area that complements our dog tracking type of products. And then in Marine, we, this year, acquired Nexus, which gives us an additional presence in the sailing side of the instrumentation markets, where we weren't -- have been historically not very strong.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we're really not prepared to be able to break it out and particularly talk about 2014. I think a lot can happen between now and then, particularly the OEM carmakers tend to make some rapid decisions around extending models or are changing equipment on models. And so as a result, it's kind of difficult to predict.
Clifton A. Pemble: James, I think that's a really good question. I think in general, we would always like to do better in bringing our products to market faster. Sometimes, it's a little bit challenging, depending on when those products are initiated, whether or not they can meet the time line, particularly of a seasonality sensitive market like Marine, and that's kind of the situation that we find ourselves in, in that market in particular. Vector is -- every product has its own story. But Vector is a very complicated and precise instrument, and we felt like we needed to take more time to make sure we could meet the expectations of customers who are going to be very, very demanding in that particular market space. So those are the 2 examples that you referenced. But in general, I would say we're working to do better to meet some of those time lines, and I think many of our segments show that they're doing very well in that regard and being able to meet the time lines of the market.
