Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think -- Joseph, this is Cliff. I think fitness and outdoor probably should be looked at differently because there's different dynamics in each one of those. In the Fitness segment, we had a very strong first half because of the sell-in of new products, which, of course, won't repeat as much in the second half. In outdoor, we were comping against a very strong first half in the prior year. And moving into the back half, we see stronger results comping with our new products. So each one is different. I think so far, I would say that we don't see signs of the kind of consumer behaviors that are present in some other segments. Each segment probably has a little bit different dynamic, but we believe both of these segments should be strong in the back half.
Clifton Pemble: Good morning, Ben. I would definitely say the results in at OEM are getting better. I think the operating loss was cut by third this last quarter on a year-over-year basis. So we're seeing improvements. I think there's gives and takes every quarter as the business is somewhat dynamic in the forecast from OEMs changes according to their business conditions. But in general, I would say we're on the path that we expected.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think there's a few moving pieces in what's going on in marine. I would say that from the midrange on up in terms of both sizes, the market is still very healthy and both from the OEM and aftermarket perspective, it seems like the weakness is more from the lower -- mid-range to lower end. And of course, new boat buying activity generates both refits and equipment added to the boat at the time of purchase.  So these are the things that are just all coming into play. And another factor really is this seasonality that we're seeing return that we haven't seen over the course of nearly four years now. So I think there's a lot of dynamics. I believe the market is still a very, very good market. It's one of the last ones to really show this normalization that we've seen in every other market. And we expected that it would come, but it's with us now. And I think going forward, we'll concentrate on new products and driving growth through innovation.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think backlogs have come down a lot, and most of that is due to the easing supply chains that we've seen allowing us to fill the orders much faster than we were last year for both aviation and marine. I think some of those dealers across aviation and marine in the past year were interested in keeping more safety stock on their shelves because they wanted to make sure they could serve customers coming into the shops. And as lead times have come down, they have relaxed a little bit their concern over being able to serve their customers. So that's also part of the moving pieces that we're seeing as things normalize in both aviation and marine. I would say that the channel inventory is mostly healthy. And as we go forward, it will be replenishment type of activity that goes on.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I mean, we also look at that. That really relates to building scale in the business as revenues increase. We haven't really talked about those kinds of number externally because we're a company that focuses on true GAAP financials. So we include all of our costs as are expensed, and we all try to make our -- all of our businesses profitable and perform well on that basis.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I mean I think we raised our guidance outlook for the full year, reflecting strength that we've seen in the business and acceleration into the back half. So that reflects our current view of the business.
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think these devices are being incorporated across model lines. And so that takes some time, and it's dependent on BMW's own engineering work and scheduling into production. So we're basing our forecast on what we have been told for their production plan for cars containing our devices.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think we expect it to be more like normal than ever before in recent memory. We've seen this trend in recent quarters where the markets are returning to the level of promotions and discounting and sales that we saw in the past. So we're expecting that. It will probably be very similar to what we've seen over the past year. Honestly, it kind of more normalized even last year. So that's what we expect going forward is really a normal cadence.
Clifton Pemble: I think the first B lab reflects our commitment to ongoing research and innovation in the area of biometrics and performance for athletes as well as wellness features in our products. So we continue to invest in that area, and it's something that's important to us to differentiate our products from others.  In terms of AI, we've been using AI techniques in our products and in our algorithms on both cloud-based applications as well as on our devices for quite a while. We continue to see this trend, and we continue to develop our capabilities in that area as well. I think in terms of how we deploy that in the company, there's probably a mixed bag of responses there that I would say. Some of it is good and can be helpful to us in productivity and other applications of AI that have been broadly discussed in the media may not be for us. But in general, we're approaching it with prudence.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think what you're seeing reflects our intentional strategy to increase revenues from subscription-based sources. And so the golf apps [ph], our tax trainers, inReach, aviation databases, outdoor maps, all of these things are playing into our desire to increase revenues from recurring sources.
Clifton Pemble: Okay. Yes. So the launch of those two new families, the epix Pro and the fenix 7 Pro, I think, went very well. We feel like the sell-through as indicated through our registrations is going exactly as we had planned. And I think we're seeing very similar trends as what we've seen in the past in terms of mix of new customers and existing customers that upgrade.  So I think I would say that all is pretty much as we would expect and as what we've seen in the past on those two product lines, really no sensitivity from the consumer in terms of softness there relative to any economic issues. I think the question of the consumer health is really depends on the product line that you're talking about. And those products are definitely higher-end products that target more affluent customers. So we feel like everything there is going as we had planned.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think our view is really based on all of the latest data that we see and also talking to all of our retailers and distributors. There's definitely pockets of strength in the market. But increasingly, we're seeing some feedback that there's some hesitancy on the part of some customers who, in the past, felt like they had much more money to spend who maybe now don't or are faced with very high interest rates at their financing a purchase and can't buy it with cash. So these are the kind of initial signs that we're seeing that just want to cause us to be a little bit more cautious for the back half.
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think each geography has its own particular situation. And Asia is a big place. So some countries are doing very well and doing well with our new releases, while in some -- in other cases, maybe the economies aren't so good, specifically China. We're not completely dependent on 1 country in Asia for our results. So the diversity of our markets there allow us to show the results that we have. Similarly, in EMEA, I think they're probably on a different time line when it comes to their economic progress. And so when they were a little softer early on, they've been a little stronger, especially as we've introduced some of these new products.
Clifton Pemble: And advertising is really the -- advertising is an item related to the specific promotion, as Doug said, of awareness of the product, not necessarily the discounting of the direct itself.
Doug Boessen: Joseph, this is Doug. I'll give you kind of a perspective on gross margins. First, the year-over-year decrease on a consolidated basis was due to a segment mix, and that is based upon where you see fitness and auto OEM, which have a lower gross margin than the consolidated average coming a larger percentage of the total year-over-year.  As some of the other components, there's a lot of different moving parts within gross margin, but you mentioned freight. Yes, we are seeing some favorable freight and that favorable freight is due to two pieces, one of which is its lower ever rates as well as we're shipping a larger percentage of our products ocean versus air. So that's offset by other factors, including a product mix within the segments. So with each one of the segments, each one of the products you have a different gross margin there depending upon how that mix is one quarter versus the other quarter, that does impact that in there.  So there's a lot of different moving parts in there. And also as it relates to freight, I think you mentioned a question what for the future, so we've seen some good benefits in freight year-over-year. We would expect that year-over-year benefit to decrease just because we saw some of the freights come down toward the back half of the year. But we should -- we're not expecting the overall rates to change that much, but the year-over-year favorability and the year-over-year gross margins will decrease.
Doug Boessen: Yes, Ben. Yes, we don't give future guidance on our ETR beside the current year. But you're correct. There are some global minimum tax legislation out there. And with that, it's stating basically a minimum tax of 15%. So if that gets enacted, that would basically have our tax rate at least 15%.  Now I should say that there's a lot of moving parts in our effective tax rate that may impact that also relating to income by mix, reserve for leases and such. But yes, depending on what -- how that the legislation and when it's enacted, the situation is that our effective tax rate would be at 15% or possibly even higher.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Basically, we'll evaluate our share repurchase just based upon the business and market conditions. The situation is we have a $300 million authorization through the end of '23, we have $26 million, $27 million of that remaining. It was really just based upon business conditions and market conditions.
Doug Boessen: Yes. This is related to media spend, primarily relating to the new product launch that we had. So a lot of that media spend is really tied to -- we have new products, making sure that we get to see a message out to our consumers.
