Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I will begin by reviewing our first quarter financial results then move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes, we posted a revenue of $766 million for the first quarter represent 8% increase year-over-year, gross margin was 59%, 100 basis points decrease from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 39.2%, 80 basis points decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $151 million a 6% increase year-over-year, operating margin was 19.8% relatively consistent as prior year, our GAAP EPS was $0.74, our pro forma EPS was $0.73, next we will look at the first quarter revenue by segment, we achieved record first quarter revenue of $766 million, consolidated revenue grew 8% where by double-digit growth in both marine and aviation. Also both the fitness and outdoor segments achieved solid growth during the quarter. Combined basis marine, aviation, fitness and outdoor were up 12% compared to prior year quarter. Looking next, the first quarter revenue and operating income charts, collectively marine, aviation, fitness and outdoor contributed 83% of total revenue first quarter 2019 compared to 80% in the prior year quarter, the marine grew from 16% to 17%, and aviation grew from 21% to 22%. The fitness grew from 23% to 24%. You can see from the charts it illustrate our profit mix by segment. Marine, aviation, fitness and outdoor segments collectively delivered 95% operating income in the first quarter 2019 compared to 98% in the first quarter of 2018. Looking next at operating expenses, our first quarter operating expense increased by $16 million or 6%, research and development increased $4 million year-over-year due to investments in engineering resources. Our advertising expense increased $3 million year-over-year represented 3.6% of sales consistent with the prior year quarter. SG&A was up $10 million or 16.5% of sales consistent with prior year quarter. The increase was primarily due to legal related costs and personnel related expenses, few highlights from the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities for approximately $2.7 billion, cash receivable decreased sequentially to $453 million following seasonally strong fourth quarter, inventory balance increased on a sequential and basis compared with the seasonally strong second quarter upcoming product launches. During the first quarter of 2019, we generated free cash flow of $134 million; $53 million decrease from the prior year quarter, also during the quarter we paid dividend of $201 million which includes both the December 2018, the March 2019 payments. During the first quarter of 2019, we reported effective tax rate of 15.7% or 16% prior quarter.  This concludes our formal remarks, Shannon can you please open the line for Q&A.
Doug Boessen: Sure. Actually it's refinement of our methodology for the general and administration expenses and now as time goes by, there's evolution of our different segments, different dynamics with it some of which relating to the late facility expansion here some of which is Aviation becoming a bigger piece of our business, international. So looking at all those different dynamics, we took a look at by allocating our administrative expenses where we thought to be each one of our segments. So yes, there are incremental additional expenses being allocated to aviation.
Doug Boessen: No, we are consistent with that outlook for the full-year, so we have about 100 basis points increase for total operating expenses, we expect advertising as a percentage of sales to be relatively consistent year-over-year and probably about 50 basis point increase in R&D on a full-year basis and then a 50 basis point increase in SG&A on a full-year basis. I should also mention the tax acquisition about 25% of that year-over-year increase in operating expenses will be attributed to the tax acquisition which we closed on here in the second quarter.
Doug Boessen: Yes, one thing we did see in PND is that we had a new drive line of PND that was launched here in first quarter, so with that new launch we did see some improvement relating to our gross margins.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of mix, Ben, we saw strong sales of our Vivomore HR line as well as our Vivoactive 3. So, those were drivers of mix towards the consumer wellness categories. In terms of legal, we wouldn't comment on specific other than to say we wouldn't expect a repeat of some of these, but again, the environment is unpredictable, so we don't really know in the future what additional things we might face, but we view it as somewhat of a one-time thing. And in terms of margin trajectory depending on how the mix goes, we would probably still anticipate some downward pressure on overall fitness margins probably in the low to mid 50s range, but that will depend on again the overall product mix and the sales trajectory on some of those product lines.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we feel like the initial interest in MARQ has been very encouraging. So we are now starting to deliver those devices into the field. So we will start to see some impact from that. In terms of what it does to our overall product line-up, I think it expands our reach towards the upper end of the watch market. In terms of where we are today, obviously not the upper end of where watches are in total, but for us it does expands our reach and we feel very good about it, we see high MARQs in terms of the design of the product and the materials we have selected. So we feel very good about it.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think maybe you are referring to some capitalized costs, so that basically an agreement that we have to be able to recover some of our R&D cost that go into that project, and those will be capitalized as we go along. But in terms of once we reach the production point, then it's like any other arrangement, where we sell a product and [indiscernible].
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's the main media computing modules that go into every vehicle, and it drives the instrument cluster as well as the center stack and then some configurations that will also drive entertainment in the back seat.
Cliff Pemble: But we don't break it out by categories but it is generating growth. It's not the only growth driver though in the overall Aviation segment because we're also seeing strong demand for retrofit systems, integrated cockpit systems as well as display systems and GPS systems that go in the cockpit. We think the trajectory is still strong for this year although towards the back half of the year there could be some tailing off of the growth rate. We do see that in 2020 that the market will probably continue somewhat because we don't think that every airplane that wants to be equipped will be. But we'll have to see how that goes as we reach that point.
Cliff Pemble: Well actually in the tracker category, it is people going upmarket because they're moving towards the higher end even when they charge as opposed to basic tracker band. It so happens that the margins on those products are lower than the headline of fitness. So depending on mix of course that impacts the overall segment margin.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of marine growth, I'm trying to add a little more color to that, I would say it's strong globally particularly it's strong here in the U.S. market. A large majority of our revenue is generated in the Americas market and so products like Panoptix LiveScope and our chartplotters are driving some significant growth there. In terms of our outlook for both marine and aviation, as we mentioned we're not ready to think about guidance yet because it's still early in the year but we're encouraged by the results we've seen in both of those segments. I would say as I mentioned earlier in aviation that towards the back half of the year, we would naturally expect that the growth rates of ADS-B might come down a bit as the rush of people that are trying to get into the installed tapers off a bit but that's what we're anticipating and that's why we're just holding back a little bit.
Cliff Pemble: There's really no changes in terms of the go to market. They are the market leader particularly in the European region. And so we expect to continue to capitalize on that strength. And we see opportunities for growth in the Americas and Asia where they're less represented. So we're working hard to implement those sales strategies right now. In terms of margins, it's fairly consistent with the overall headline margins of fitness. So we don't anticipate really any impact there. There will be allocation of the purchase price to fitness. So that will impact some of the operating margins. But on a pre-amortized basis, it's very positive to our fitness segment on a cash flow basis.
Cliff Pemble: So Nick I'm sorry to say but your call quality was kind of challenging. So I'm not sure that we've really tracked your question. I don't know if you could maybe try to restate it or help us out a little bit there.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so in terms of aviation in our view there and what we saw, I would say that aftermarket was very strong and that reflects true demand and sell through to customers that are out there. In terms of OEM, there is some timing related things that helped us in Q1. But in general we still feel very positive about the OEM environment. In terms of pricing and aviation, I would say that pricing has been firm, we did go through some pricing increases at the first part of the year which didn't seem to have any impact in terms of our demand that we're seeing in the segment.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so our Connect IQ Summit was actually very, very good. We had strong attendance same as the previous year, so we're not seeing any decrease in the level of interest. We announced new features for Connect IQ that allows App developers to further leverage the platform, so they can have better access, through access to the wireless capabilities of devices. There's great new animation tools that they can use to create more lively apps, so, a lot of enthusiasm around the things that we've been doing.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so we're evolving the platform to be able to support monetization and as we say right now, it's not as strongly linked in terms of helping our App developers that we're working on a roadmap that gets us there and I think in the coming year, we should have improvements.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, it's definitely a technology we can leverage in cycling. And so I wouldn't rule it in or out at this point because we're evaluating our roadmaps but it is something that we can leverage across multiple product categories.
Cliff Pemble: Well the Zumo line is an integral part of our overall PND lineup and so we have a strong roadmap there as we do in the other areas as well.
Cliff Pemble: We've invested some effort in understanding OBD connection to the vehicle and of course on our OEM side, we have a lot of access to the vehicle in terms of the can buses and things. But in terms of aftermarket diagnostics, it's somewhat of a crowded market and so we've struggled to find a place where we can really carve out our own unique niche there. So it's not something that we've been actively pursuing recently.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we don't break out by volume but I would say as we mentioned in the remarks that the reception has been good and we're pleased with that and so we're just at the front end now of delivering those products to market. And we'll have an updated view in the future.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so the tax name is very strong. So we want to maintain that. And so the branding will be definitely taxes. The headline on those products and for the Web site and things we're calling it a Garmin company. In terms of our specific product focus, our emphasis at taxes emphasis before acquired them, it was that smart trainers and advanced trainers is their specialty and so we're going to continue investing in that. And then in terms of bringing the product to other markets where we're working very hard to bring it into U.S. distribution now in a more complete way and so that's ongoing and should be more evident as we as we move into the back half of the year.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so we mentioned in the last call that our product releases were back half loaded. And I think that's certainly playing out as we're just now getting our new fitness products to market and we'll have more releases as we go through the year. So we'll have to wait and see. We've mentioned before that this quarter is literally the smallest contribution to our overall yearly revenues. So we don't want to get too excited or disappointed on first quarter because there's a lot that lies ahead of us in terms of the overall sales environment and the competitive environment.
Cliff Pemble: Drives certainly help, that was a selling event although we've heard good remarks from our retailers on the sell through of that product. So that's one dynamic but we also saw strong demand for our specialty PNDs particularly in the truck RV and motorcycle areas and that helps a lot. And so that represents really true demand in the market. So we were pleased with the result and we'll have to wait and see how things go throughout the remainder of the year.
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's hard to say again we're waiting to see more data as we experience the sell through of the new products especially and as the driving season comes upon us here, so we'll have to wait and see.
Nick Todorov: Hey, guys, good morning. First [indiscernible], just on aviation, my sense is that results came a little better than expected maybe can you talk some aftermarket OEM, what surprises you saw in this quarter? And then secondly, some of your competitors have talked about the pricing environment given and saw supply constraints. Maybe you could comment on that. I was wondering if you see anything different.
Nick Todorov: Okay, sorry about it. So in aviation, the sense is that results came a little bit better than expected. Maybe can you talk about whether you saw some surprises either on the OEM or on the aftermarket side? And secondly, can you comment that if you see any changes in the pricing environment and the aftermarket side, some of your competitors have talked about some changes given the supply constraints. I was wondering if you see anything different.
Nick Todorov: Okay. So you said you went through some price increases in the first -- in the first quarter this year or that was last year, I'm sorry.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you. Thank you for taking my call and congratulations on another great quarter and being named one of the top five places to work.
Ivan Feinseth: I have a few product questions and platform questions, first at this year's Connect IQ Developer Conference like year-over-year how is attendance growing and what have been some of the topics covered? And I really do like also the new Connect IQ App that organizes the applications.
Ivan Feinseth: Very good. I love the new product cadence and the number of new cycling computers. My one question is on like the Zumo line for example it connects to the tire monitors, so are you going to be offering the ability to have tire pressure monitors on a bicycle that connects to the cycling computers. I think that's a pretty cool feature.
