Kevin S. Rauckman: Mark, we had a little bit of trouble understanding you, but I think what you're asking about is the EPS trends for the rest of the year. As we've said, Q1 is our seasonally weakest period, and so as we go into Q2, we're expecting both growth and operating margin to increase as we go into Q2 and then through the remainder of the year until we get into the holiday season. So at this point, as we've stated, our earnings per share target of $2.30 to $2.40 is still intact.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. The earlier expectation on free cash flow is somewhere around $525 million for the year, which is lower than 2012. But as you pointed out, our CapEx is still expected to be in the range of about $40 million for the year, and that's in line with what we saw in Q1 as a seasonal rate.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, we have elected to -- now that we're in a period where deferred revenues are a positive. We did have a positive benefit. And those numbers are pretty close. We're actually looking at about an $0.08 EPS impact from Q1.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Actually, we have the deferred revenue benefit that if you strip that out, our PND pricing came down in single digits in Q1. So from a sequential basis, we saw an increase, but year-over-year, it was down in single digits.
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, I don't think the costs have actually increased at all. I think we're expecting overall costs during the year to be down in single digits, around 3%. So I think we may need to take that offline to see what you're looking at on the change in both cost and gross margin on PND.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So the first point on auto OEM, we did see an increase on the sales during Q1 as a part of our overall Auto/Mobile segment. From an EBIT positive, we're not at that point, so we're still investing very heavily on the R&D to -- for future infotainment wins. And Cliff identified the Daimler-Mercedes-Benz relationship that we will have to wait on future announcements when they become available.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we're sensitive to being able to maintain a strong operating margin, so we've been able to scale advertising as a percentage of sales, and we're still expecting that to be around 5% for the full year. SG&A, we had some benefit on administrative costs. And I think as we go through the year, we'll be able to sustain that as well to manage those expenses. We're very sensitive to not growing that during the year as we go through 2013.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think in addition to that, we had some other prepayments during the period that impacted us. And I think if you at look at deferred revenue that was -- from a cash perspective year-over-year was actually a negative. So if you take that into account, if you look at Q1 2012 to Q1 2013, we were actually on even ground, it's not a little bit higher, factoring in those adjustments for free cash flow.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we were expecting it will be positive. And I think if you look at just the seasonality, we had most of that benefit in Q1, so I think it'll be pretty nominal as we go into Q2 and Q3. And then at this point, we're expecting just a small negative hit actually in Q4. So for the full year, positive but not that much different than what we saw in Q1.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I don't think we're in a position now other than we're optimistic on the Outdoor, the Fitness, the Aviation business. Absolutely, Aviation performed very well during Q1. If you look at the overall trends, I think we're still expecting that we'll get to a point where we have to do that -- to the point where we can say when that will occur.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Not really. It's more opportunistic. And we realized that Q1 is our seasonally weakest quarter. So we had very few days actually to be in the market outside of the blackout period, so we like to just to wait until we got into Q2 to be -- again, to be more opportunistic in the buyback.
Kevin S. Rauckman: There's no question that some of those other sensors are getting a lot of attention, and there's a lot of activity around how to utilize those in the vehicle. We strongly believe that GPS will always play a strong role in whatever navigation solutions are in the vehicle because inertial sensors alone aren't sufficient to be able to guide the vehicle and accomplish what drivers want to do. So we still believe strongly in that. And at the same time, we have our own expertise in the area of inertial sensors on many of our product lines that include accelerometers and gyros and things like that.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, we don't see any major trends. We would expect, as we mentioned, a Q2 uptick in seasonality due to spring buying and then as we get into Q4, clearly, still expect a holiday buy. I think the impact on magnitude is probably less, but we saw that last year as well. So again, Q2 is stronger, and then Q4 is the strongest seasonality during the year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we haven't commented on specific margins other than that, I would say, they're in line on our auto OEM business similar to what we have in PND. So the overall Auto/Mobile segment margins shouldn't be impacted materially due to this deal.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Okay, so thanks again everyone for your contribution, for your interest in Garmin. We look forward to progressing throughout the year, and we'll update you for the 2013 as we conclude Q2. So thanks again.
Clifton A. Pemble: Mark, as has been our history, we continue to work on new applications in new adjacent markets for GPS. We're unable to share details of those at this time, but we do have some innovations that we continually work on and we'll continue to do in the future.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we do see more competitors entering the market. You mentioned one of those specific cases, and there are definitely more. We -- you mentioned the statistics that we cited, which is true that there is a big increase in fitness-related activities. And I think generally, we've been seeing that reflected in our business. Last year, we did have the big boost from the 910, which reflects that upper-end market that I was talking about. And our Forerunner 10 has also been doing very well in the marketplace, but it's lower ASP, so it's more difficult to generate the revenue increases. But in general, we feel good about our positioning in the market, and we continue to work to expand the market both at the top-end and the low-end.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we think that the market continues to decline pretty much in line with expectations that we have, which was down on a global basis about 20%. We saw that, and reflected in the U.S. figures and in Europe, the figures are lagging a little bit behind, so we don't have precise details on those. But in general, we feel like it's performed about what we expected.
Clifton A. Pemble: Market share in North America, we grew our share quarter-over-quarter 6 points. So from last year Q1, it was 64%, and this year, it was 70%.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think they've had many solutions in the past, driven mostly by the suppliers that they've selected in-house solutions. So this is a solution now that they're going with a branded navigation from Garmin.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we've talked about those in the past, but I think that the players are well-known. We've got the Learjet 70 and 75, as well as the Citation Sovereign and the Citation 10 that's coming this year. And then there's new models, the M2, the Latitude and others coming in the future.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, they typically tend to be driven by product releases and innovation, so it's probably longer than like the PND market would be, but probably in the range of 2 to 4 years.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think specifically, we need to get our new products to market, which we're doing. Some of the new 2013 line has already launched and is in the market. And then, as I mentioned, our biggest contributor, the 8000 series will be launching this month. So we have to execute on those. We are waiting to see, in terms of the full year, how things go here in Q2. As you pointed out and as we mentioned in our remarks, the market has been somewhat muted due to the weather and the economy. And so we're hopeful that we can, with the delivery of our new products, make up some of the lost ground that we've lost here recently.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think over the years, the market research has repeatedly called the PND market wrong both on the upside, as well as on the downside. So I don't think there's any crystal ball for that. But we're managing the business to what we think -- this year is the reality, which is down 20%.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it's really more surrounding the launch of our products, so it's really preemptive in clearing the channel from existing inventory. I think OEM and retail pricing tend to follow the same trends, so I don't think there is anything material in OEM that would differ from retail in terms of the trend.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think the dollar content per vehicle is extremely high if you consider every kind of electronic that's in the vehicle. Naturally, there's certain areas where we can play, and the number of players in the spaces where we have confidence is high. So at this point, we're really in a building mode. We're gaining credibility and winning opportunities in order to try to bring the business to a sustainable point.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think there's probably 10 stories today on smart watches, so the rumors are definitely rampant out there. We believe that the kinds of markets that we serve with the kinds of products that we design are specifically what our customers want for the activities that they have. I think a lot of the examples that we've seen, again, they're all just speculation, but they aren't really products that you could do some of the activities and have the utility that we have in our products. So we're continuing to innovate and respond with anticipation for where the market will go. But at this point, they're mostly just rumors, and there's not a lot we can comment on.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, the -- in Q2, we'll be releasing our new Oregon series, which should help improve some of the gross margins. And one of the factors we mentioned in the comments was the shift to lower-end devices. We think the Oregon series will help us move towards more of the higher-end mix. Also, we did start to deliver our fenix watch again in the quarter, and we should be doing more of that in Q2, so that will also help.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, we don't really see any impact from new players at this moment. I think there's basically a group of 3, particularly in the North American market, and probably 4 in the international market that continue to compete together. And the market, as we view it, is somewhat capped and limited. So that is a game of trading market share through product innovation and winning customers.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think it's safe to say that Mercedes-Benz is an iconic nameplate in the automotive industry, and they're known for their particular quality and reputation. And so we view it as a very significant milestone and something that we attribute to the strength of our brand, as well the ease-of-use of our operating system.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, so that situation was surrounding some delays in the program that were impacting Lear's ability to ramp up their production. And so as part of our partnership, we did agree to provide a free cash flow bridge for them to be able to do that. We're tracking to plan in terms of the terms of that and the program in general so that we can start the repayment cycle. And in terms of revenue recognition, yes, we have been recognizing some of that as they've been starting to spend on their production line.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think in general from where we are today, they're growing -- our levels of investment will continue to grow year-over-year, but we're flattening that peak now as we kind of see the level of business that we have there. In terms of K2, we're continuing to develop features and be able to showcase the system for opportunities that are being vetted to us through RFPs and the like. So in general, I would say, it's more incremental work at this point.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think all of the things that you mentioned are significant milestones, becoming a Tier 1 supplier on a hardware infotainment system, winning an opportunity like Mercedes with an incredibly respected nameplate in the market. So we believe we've been making steady progress. As we've been saying in the past, the progress is slow because this industry is a slow-moving industry. But in general, I think we're pleased with where we're at.
Clifton A. Pemble: I don't think anything has surprised us. I think every time you move up a level of certification complexity, there's more work involved, and there's some learning process that goes on with that. But in general, I think it was along the lines of our expectations. I would point out that one of our previous programs, the Phenom 300 was a Part 23, it was called Fast 4, which is actually in terms of requirements very close to Part 25, so we did have some previous experience as well with that level of rigor.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we think our G5000 system is well positioned to be able to compete in the large cabin -- larger business jet market. So at this point, we feel pretty good about where we're at. And as we get some of these certifications under our belt, I think we'll be in a good position to compete on future programs.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we feel good about where we are in Aviation right now. In terms of the Q1 results, we mentioned 3 factors: one was new platforms, the other was helicopter and the third was the reemergence of HBC from bankruptcy. And pretty much we felt like the improvement was spread evenly amongst all of those different causes. So we think going forward, we should continue to be growing, and we feel good about our estimates for the year.
