Cliff Pemble: Yes. Good morning, Paul. Definitely, we’ve seen improvements in the sales across all the segments from April, including aviation. As I mentioned, it does take a little more time for that market to recover, but we’re very optimistic about the future there. And definitely, those trends, I think, are continuing as we move into July, and we expect it to do so throughout the end of the year. In terms of margins, particularly the operating margin side of things, we do have – because of the lower volumes, we do have some additional overhead expenses that are being absorbed in the business. But as trends continue to improve over time, we would expect those to wash out.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think as a feature or as a category, it’s an incremental adder. But what we see is that Autoland is a unique technology, differentiating for us that helps our systems stand out compared to others in the market. And so consequently, we see it as a significant differentiator for our entire cockpit system line.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we’re including Tacx now within what we call the cycling category. So the results that we talked about, the increased interest in cycling is definitely Tacx is a part of that as well as our cycling head units. There was a lot of interest in these products and continues to be with a lot of people focusing on indoor activities, and the backlogs are very strong. So we’re working to catch up with demand.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So the stimulus, I suppose, when people have more money, they do spend it, which is the intent of the program. I would say, though, that as we look forward, and there’s uncertainty around what stimulus or how much it would be, we still see a lot of interest from retailers and excitement around things coming up in the second half. So we believe that with their indications, plus what we’re hearing back from consumers that the product categories that we’re in are the ones where people will spend their money. In terms of September, we don’t comment in terms of forward guidance. As I mentioned in my remarks, we did exit the quarter with strong momentum, and we’re continuing to experience that. And so we’re focusing on making sure that we can fill all of demand for the quarter and also for the back half of the year.
Cliff Pemble: Well, there’s always product mix that comes into the overall gross margin for a segment. We definitely saw increased sales of Tacx, which we’ve remarked in the past is at about at category average or slightly below. And then we also saw strong sales of other products, which are category average or above. So in general, it – the extra products and Tacx certainly didn’t hurt us. And the promotional activities were targeted and the mix of sales between retailers and online was such that we came out very well in the quarter.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think we’re moving fastest in innovative new products and new verticals on the consumer side across our business. And again, I get excited about all of the products that we’re doing across the business. I think we have some great things coming. And I think we’re very excited about those.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So I would say, in general, at the channel level, we think things are in balance or even possibly lean at this point. We watch very closely the real-time pull-through of our products through registrations that we have. And so consequently, we can definitely see the trends in the retail side of things and compare that to what we see in the channel and what we’re shipping into the channel. So we’re seeing a lot of strength on the consumer side of things. It’s definitely not backing up in the channel. And then if anything, it’s a little lean. From the boat builder side, they’re not necessarily a source of inventory. They take products as they need them. But on the retail side of marine, sales have been very strong, and we’ve been working hard with our retail partners on the marine side to keep up with the demand.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we have been very careful as we’ve gone through this process to try to maintain a very safe workplace. At the beginning, we had most of our people at home. Of course, as a production and distribution business, there are certain people that always have to be here. But for the most part, they were at home. We’ve since transitioned to about one-third of our associates being on site, and we’ve implemented protocols as we work here in our buildings across the world really for keeping safety. We’re anticipating that this is a long-term deal. We’re not rushing to get people back. But at the same time, we’re also trying to focus on rotating people in and out of the facility to get them with their teammates to be able to interact and enjoy the dynamic environment that we have here at Garmin. In terms of OpEx impact, it’s difficult to quantify, but I would say there’s increased pressure for expenses, of course, as we provided more benefits for our associates to be able to manage some of the difficulties they’ve had in their personal life with schools and family members and also concerns for their own health. But in general, we feel like that’s manageable, and we’re happy and we’re very pleased actually with how we’ve been able to work through this crisis so far.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. As I said in my remarks, we definitely see continued opportunity through the year in those categories, particularly as people are very interested in health, wellness, fitness and outdoor activity and adventure. So those are very strong products, the fenix Solar, Instinct Solar is resonating very well. And of course, I think consumers are excited about what will happen in the back half as retailers start to get back to normal in terms of promotions and holidays.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So supply chain wise, I think the – early in the pandemic, the focus was on supply chain continuity and maintaining the flow of components we needed for our business. As the pandemic evolved, of course, then everyone worried about the economic downturn. As things have come back, if anything, where we had challenges in supply chain is keeping up with the demand. And that’s part of what we’ve mentioned in terms of gross margin. The freight costs were higher as we work to get products in place for retailers and opportunities that needed them. Specifically around cycling, definitely that has been an area of constraint when it comes to product availability, especially in Tacx products. Again, we have a strong backlog of those. And also with cycling computers and those kinds of products, we are spending more on air freight as we try to get those into place at retailers. Cycling activities have been very popular with customers. 
Cliff Pemble: Yes. APAC has performed very differently from the Western markets. I think the pandemic and the concern over the pandemic was much stronger there than in some of the other regions, especially at first. And so they’ve taken longer to come back. Each country has its own story. But of course, China has been a significant factor, as well as larger countries like Thailand as well. So APAC kind of is a different narrative from the other geographies. In Americas, I would say that aviation impacted us more there than the consumer side of things. So Americas’ performance, I feel, was very good. And a similar story, in Europe, although aviation’s impact is lower there, but still was an impact. But in general, when you exclude that, I’m very pleased with the performance of those geographies.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think my view is still very much in line with that. In fact, I feel like, if anything, many are coming out in the industry supporting that view. We see some of the partners in the charter side of things see a significant uptick in the number of people who are inquiring about and proceeding with charter flights over the concern over exposure on airlines. And I think general aviation definitely has a slower timetable when it comes to reacting to these kinds of demand changes. It’s still a very small market. But for sure, we’re seeing anecdotal evidence of customers being more interested in investing in aircraft and in equipment.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of go-to-market on the website side of things, I do see that, that shift would be longer term in our business. And again, we have a mix of all kinds of retail and product outlet situation. So we work with all of them, but we definitely see that customers are gravitating towards online purchases, whether it’s through a partner or through Garmin. And we did see a significant uptick, as we mentioned in our own web sales, which we view as a positive development. In terms of advertising and what the dynamics are there, there are really two things. There was certainly impact because of the pandemic and everyone just pulling back because for a while, everyone was glued to news channels and websites, staying indoors and not doing much. But as things evolve, that quickly changed. And so we became very strategic in how we spent our advertising money, focusing on digital and social channels as well as co-op opportunities with retailers. I would see that continuing as well as we go forward, as the situation remains very dynamic and retailers’ plans also are very dynamic.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Firstbeat has a list of their own customers. Of course, Garmin is one of those and the major one. They will continue those relationships for the most part. And I think there could be various adjustments on different priorities that they have. They have a lot of activity with research and different things, of course. But in general, I would see that the technology would continue to be evolved and innovative for the benefit of customers.
Cliff Pemble: I would say that Autoland is solving a unique problem for the aviation market, and there’s a lot of considerations in the technology around how airplanes operate in the airspace system and the nuances of airports and landing and communication and all of those things. So I think it’s very specific there. Of course, there’s fundamental control technologies that are probably extensible to other areas. But specifically for auto, that problem is much different to solve, and I wouldn’t see a lot of overlap there. We do partner with others in the industry as well on some of our OEM products, but we would see ourselves mostly there serving as a component or a technology provider as part of the bigger system.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Solar is a great technology for us that I’m really super excited about, and it has a lot more applications that we can apply it to across our product lines in several segments.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think Garmin is all about adventure and activity. And so these new products will take us deeper into those kinds of spaces, market spaces and categories.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we see opportunities across all those kinds of specialty vehicles, and we’re working hard to appeal to a new group of customers that are discovering those kind of activities.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Actually, Erik, the solar components now are on our wearables. So the fenix line, the Instinct line, the tactix as well as the quatix, those are all our smartwatch wearables, and that’s where we targeted that technology first.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. There’s no technical limitation to where it can go. I think it’s best suited in environments where the devices are already naturally low-power designs because solar technology, while it’s exciting, it’s still very challenging to collect enough energy from the sun to do some of the things that the more advanced wearables do. But in general, it will continue to evolve, we’ll continue to improve it, improve the efficiency and make it a real differentiator for Garmin.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So I would say the similarities to 2008 and 2009 with regard to aviation business performance, in both cases, there was an economic shock that impacted the segment. But I think that’s probably where the similarity ends. Back in 2008 and 2009, there was a significant oversupply of every kind of business jet. And so as the financial crisis developed and companies were pulling back, individuals we’re pulling back, there’s a lot of used aircraft on the market, which impacted valuations. And even to this day, there’s probably still impact from that more than 10 years on. And I would say that this time, though, one of the positive things that we see is that activity in the light jet side of things, probably light and up to light medium jet is still very strong. And as I mentioned in the earlier question that interest around charter and ownership in those class of aircraft is remaining firm. So we’re excited about that. And we think even in the small aircraft side of things, there’s more potential as people consider traveling by private aircraft as opposed to commercial aircraft. And then on your question with ADS-B, what inning are we in? We – actually we’re in the extra innings. So we felt like ADS-B performed in terms of overall market adaptation, much better than anyone predicted at the very beginning stages. And as we go forward, it doesn’t mean that we sell zero ADS-B products. We’ll continue to sell ADS-B products to new aircraft. Of course, they all need that. And also as in the aftermarket, we expect that competitive systems will be upgraded. That’s a market opportunity for us to take share. And of course, products, repairs and things that happen that require new systems. So it will be just an ongoing business going forward.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to free cash flow in Q2, we saw there is some year-over-year improvement in some working capital items there. So as we saw the receivables receipts were higher year-over-year just due to the lower demand that we had in Q2 being lower from that standpoint. At this point in time, we’re not providing any forward-looking guidance for free cash flow. And at this point in time, we do not have plans for any stock buyback.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So basically, I would say that, first, both of those facilities you mentioned, the Tacx manufacturing facility that we have in Europe as well as the OEM manufacturing facility in Europe, both of those are on plan. So we both – we expect both of those to be up and running here later in the year. And actually, things are going well from those, and those will be basically – especially from the Tacx standpoint, that really helped us out because of the increased demand we’re seeing on our Tacx products to meet some of that demand. At this point in time, I’m not providing any full forward-looking guidance on any CapEx.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Regarding operating expense in general, we’ll continue to make investments in our own business really to grow that. At this time, we’re not to able to provide any detailed forward-looking guidance on OpEx, but we’ll continue to make investments appropriate to drive our business.
Erik Woodring: Thank you and good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter. I’m just following up on a few questions from earlier. So first, just to follow-up on Ivan’s question there. From a design standpoint, are there any inhibitors to you in including solar technology in, for example, wearables products? I guess we’ll start there and I have a follow-up.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Very helpful. And then just as a follow-up. Congrats on the Piper M600 Autoland win. I’m just curious, from a high level, we know that in 2008, 2009, aviation was fairly weak. Would just love to hear what you think about aviation today during the current crisis relative to that time? And any differences you see that you can compare and contrast? And then as a follow-up to that is also just what inning you think we’re in with ADS-B? Obviously, the mandate has passed, but if there’s any kind of juice left in that tank? Thanks.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. And if I could just sneak one last one in for Doug. Just in the past, you’ve commented on the trajectory of different OpEx lines. Just wondering if you can provide any color there. But that’s it for me. Thanks, guys.
