Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think, Charlie, the new products' forecast has already been built into our guidance. I think, as you know, our Outdoor and Fitness has been trending a little bit below where we expected on the segment level guidance, but we believe that will come back as we introduce these products in the back half of the year.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think in terms of Marine, as I mentioned, we're experiencing year-over-year staffing increases based on headcount that we added during the past year, but we do believe that we are at a level now in Marine that will stabilize going forward. In Aviation, we've had ongoing program costs related to the platforms that we're working on. And so we're investing heavily to finish those and then move on to the next projects.
Clifton A. Pemble: Ben, I think this is a good example of a market that really wants to have an open OS platform in order to be able to do unique kinds of applications out into the field, whether it's GIS data collection or specialized kind of computations on a geographic basis. So I think we would approach the use of alternative OSs on a case-by-case basis. We feel like Outdoors is one great example, and there may be some others, but I wouldn't expect that it would go across our product lines.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, we're seeing, as I mentioned in my remarks, continued follow-through in the Marine market, and we're pleased with that. We did miss the seasonally strong first quarter due to the late delivery of our products, so we have some ground to make up, but we believe the overall guidance for Marine is reasonably sound.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think some of the investments have already been realized in those areas as we've been working on those new products and new categories for some time. We do see that we'll have to invest some additional resources in those areas, so I think I would characterize those as incremental at this point. And probably, it doesn't structurally change the overall profile that we have in those segments.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Paul. I think it's truthfully anybody's guess at this point. The people are prognosticated what the numbers are in the market both in the growth mode and now on the decline mode has tended to outwit some of the best guesses that people have had. So I think it -- we probably can't speculate. We do believe that it does stabilize at a point, and we're planning our business around stabilization. But at this point, we probably can't predict what it is.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, that's right. We do see, as we've said in the past, that the OEM business is a long gestation business in the way that it develops. We've seen some good gains in the past year with our new programs at places like Chrysler and Suzuki. Going forward, the growth is contingent upon some of the newer programs, as well as winning new programs. But we would expect it to be -- to develop somewhat on a long-term basis.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it definitely depends on the specifics. And I'd say if we're going to lean in one way right now, we'd be more focused on the technology that can help us be even more competitive in the various end markets that we serve.
Clifton A. Pemble: Hey, John, I would probably characterize in the way we planned our guidance that these things are incremental to our overall business.
Clifton A. Pemble: We're seeing some incremental improvements in the aftermarket during the course so far of 2013, although it's been at a lower level than the contributions by OEM in new platforms that we've had in this segment. I think it's a little tough to call, because Aviation has been one of the slowest markets to respond to gradually improving economic conditions, but we would anticipate that aftermarket would continue to incrementally grow over the course or the remainder of 2013 and into 2014.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Simona, I think speculation around smart watches has been going rampant. And definitely, the market is starting to see some products out there and some functionalities that we can expect going forward. I would view Garmin as kind of an early mover in the whole area of wearable devices. And so for us, we feel that we have some things that we can bring to that kind of market but in our own special way, so it is an area of interest for us.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think that, definitely, we -- the delays have probably muted a bit the OEM revenue that we had been anticipating for the year, although it's still within our guidance range for the segment. I would say that for the delays and our ability to win new business, definitely, it's not what we had anticipated in terms of when we started these programs, but we feel that, on a comprehensive basis, the OEMs will make selections based on a number of factors, and our equipment does bring a huge value proposition to the market. So we think that's going to be a big driver. And we feel like we've learned a lot in the process of doing these new programs, and so we should be able to execute new programs much more efficiently.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we definitely ramped up additional investments over the course of these programs beyond, probably, what we anticipated in the beginning. So we're already seeing the effects of that. We would expect to see the investments continue to grow over the next year just from the same point of year-over-year comparables. But I think, at some level, we'll reach what we feel is a good level for the level of business that we have.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, James. The outdoor market, I think, has been driven by a couple of things. One is the golf market, where our products have been very popular, particularly at the beginning of the summer season and kind of the moms and dads and grads gifting season. And also, the dog tracking and training area has been an area of growth for us. So these 2 areas really helped drive growth in Outdoor. And our traditional product in the segment continued to be reasonably steady, so that's really the color behind what's going on in Outdoor. I think going forward, again, we're continuing to expand the category, so we will anticipate in the back half of the year that the growth will continue.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think my answer would probably be a little bit of both. We know that the product life cycle in Marine is definitely longer, and it typically tends to be in the 2- to 4-year time frame. But with that said, it is still very important when you introduce the new products to introduce in the timing of the season, so that you can take advantage of when people are buying and quipping their boats in the spring.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Jonathan. The fleet opportunity is something we view as incremental in the overall PND area. Over the course of the last few years, we have offered both hardware and software solutions to our PNDs that allow other fleet solution providers to integrate our PNDs into their overall solution. And so our most recent entry into this is an evolution of that, where we've taken what was a hardware interface between our product and the equipment that's onboard the vehicle and made it a wireless product that eliminates the need for additional equipment in the vehicle. So it's a step -- additional step into that market. But again, it's something that we would view as incremental and not material to the overall size of the PND market.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think our component pricing, we feel, is progressing as we anticipated. We typically anticipate about a 4% reduction in component cost. We're not seeing any pressure due to the reduced volumes. Our volumes are still very meaningful, and so we have many suppliers who are willing to compete for our business.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think we were also pleasantly surprised by the interest in that product as well. We do view that product as an incremental opportunity in the mobile space. I think that the, excitement aside, we probably view it as being a more limited type of upside versus if you read into all the new stories. You might think that it's going to be huge. But that said, it's not yet in the market, it will be soon. But we'll be delivering probably in the next 30 days or so.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Our OEM mix in Marine has been a small portion. We've never broken it out, but it's a smaller portion of our overall Marine revenues. We would expect the relationship with Volvo to increase that proportion and thus, grow our sales. Volvo is very strong, as you know, in propulsion, and these systems are variations of our glass cockpits, which allow display of engine information, as well as the integration of systems on the boat. So we feel like there's a unique value proposition here with Volvo and they then take this system and their propulsion equipment to OEMs, which is a selling opportunity. So the revenue model is really like a B2B type of approach, where Volvo is taking the product and then selling it into their customers.
Kevin S. Rauckman: And in terms of the days of inventory, I think it's the natural seasonality that we see from Q2 to Q3 if you look at -- we talked a little bit about what our expectations are in the upcoming quarter, due to the PND year-over-year differences. But with inventory being down and with just looking at the next few quarters, there was a nominal change in inventory days of supply.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. We actually had a benefit of about $4 million of operating income, about $3 million of sales actually during the period, which is, as we've said throughout the year, we're expecting a fairly small impact each quarter, but it was about $3 million sales impact on deferred revenue that was positive for us.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think we faced reality for the last several months and quarters on the PND business as it's on a trajectory that's down about 20%, as Cliff said. And we're not spending as much in that segment on R&D, so we have been able to scale that back and -- in some of the other operating expenses as well. And so we have been able to move resources within our business from the declining business into these other traditional segments that are in -- that are still on growth mode. And -- because we manage our businesses by the 5 recordable segments, we have good information on the size and then the scale of those businesses, and that's really how we manage day-to-day.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, the acquisitions has been a key strategy of the use of the cash. This has either stabilized or grown over time. We have, across various segments, continued to look at opportunities, so that is still a part of our strategy in terms of the use of cash. Of course, we can't comment on anything -- on any specific deals. But there have been ideas brought to us across the various segments that we serve.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think what we talked about this year now with our updated -- or slightly updated guidance, we're at the higher end of our earlier range, which is a 20% operating margin. And quite frankly, when we look at a couple of years, this is an area that we need to continue to challenge ourselves and do a good job. A lot of this will depend along what the growth rate on the top line is of our traditional segments. So if PND continues to come down, can we offset that with additional growth of each of these other segments? And if we see that growth with new product introductions and the like, then that can really help us with an operating margin. But are we going to get to a high 20s? I think that's too aggressive. Can we see expended operating margins over time? I think we'll provide some more formal guidance as we go into next year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think that's one thing that we are pleased with in the results today because despite the fact that the PND has declined, we're still growing market share, and we're also still generating a lot of cash out of the Auto/Mobile segment. So I think you will likely see similar numbers. We were at 18% operating margin on Auto/Mobile during the period. I think -- will we be able to maintain that? Maybe not quite that high, but we do have strong margin contributions from each of the other segments, which will help the overall cash flow of the business.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. You've been seeing that in the trend on operating income contribution. I think you'll continue to see that as we go forward.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we run at around 14% of sales, and we're expecting that our R&D will still be somewhere in that range between 14% and 15% of sales for the full year. So we expect maybe a little bit of an uptick for about -- but in some areas, like Cliff mentioned, Marine, we're pretty much at a level where we feel like we can manage that business without any other increases. So again, overall, I would say, R&D will be between 14% and 15% of sales for the full year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think that's a very difficult answer for us to give at this point. We had earlier stated that our free cash flow will be somewhere around 525 for the year. We have -- we really don't come off of that number. The question is, is that a trough? I mean, it's hard to tell. We'll -- again, we'll be able to update you, all, as we get through the back half of the year to see if we feel 2014 and beyond will have a pickup from there.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think -- I would think, in general, the PND ASP really didn't move much. We've seen just a very low-single-digit decline, which is really helping us because then when we have product mix from our traditional segment that is improving, the prices on many of those, like Marine and Aviation, have impacted ASPs. So that's probably all there really is to talk about in terms of the ASP trends within the business.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. So I just mentioned earlier, as James said our -- we do not see much PND price compression. In fact, we're looking at this very small single-digit decline so far this year, and we had that also in the second quarter. So that's really our expectation, even as we go through the back half of the year as well. And then on the buyback, we mentioned that we bought $13 million of stock. In fact, we have $300 million approved by the board that will get us through, not only this year, but the end of 2014. So we really just kind of got going in the second quarter, with some additional buyback and we'll continue that as we progress.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, yes. We did have both SG&A reductions and also, advertising. And advertising, as we said in our formal remarks, had a lot to do with the volume of PND. So that definitely did sell -- sustain our strong double-digit operating margins within Auto/Mobile, yes.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, again, we want to thank everyone for their interest in the company. We really appreciate the interest and also the questions, and we look forward to updating everyone again in the next quarter. Thank you very much.
