Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we're not prepared to give specific expectations on each of those products. I think maybe the better way to put it is, we -- for both VIRB and for the vívofit, these are exciting markets to be in, and there's some strong incumbents in both areas. We hope to gain some reasonable market share, and it is -- I'd say in both of those instances, it's a reason for some of the growth that we're planning for both Outdoor and Fitness segment that we're not planning to quantify how much that is at this point.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think your first point, yes. We do anticipate being slightly up in revenue at the midpoint, like you say. And we've been more aggressive and we still, like I said, we still have $241 million in the outstanding buyback plan, and we plan to use our cash to continue to buy back stock based on stock price. We were always sensitive to the stock price like many of our shareholders are, but I don't know if I would say we're going to be more aggressive other than we're -- it's a part of our use of cash, and we can balance that with the other needs across the business.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think on the mix of gross margin within that business, I think -- the nice thing is whether it's an OEM or it's a retrofit business or even our portable business, as part of our Aviation segment, we have high margins. You mentioned software, so without a doubt, software is a strong component of our overall suite of avionics that we put into play. So I think that's going to continue. We don't -- these aren't really changing anytime soon, and we've been very stable at our gross margin within the segment.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we mentioned -- both Cliff and I mentioned the Aviation is a significant part of our story in the future, and it is a large part of our R&D investment in 2014. So we're expecting that, I think, at a minimum, the operating margin should stay flat, if not increased, depending on how that market develops over 2014.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. So the contribution on deferred just for Q4 was actually just about $6 million is all from a sales perspective. As we go forward, we're going to continue to see more amortizations than deferrals, so this will be from here on out as a tailwind for us and help us throughout 2014. If you look at the balance sheet, you can still see that we have quite a bit of deferrals that are sitting there that will be amortized over the next several years and help our EPS as we go forward.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, John, as I mentioned in my remarks, we do expect continued growth in the golf market. That's been a market that has continued to show expansion as we've come out with new products and innovation there. The dog tracking and training market is an area that we can see additional growth in the coming year and then, of course, the contribution from action cameras. The other product segments in Outdoor tend to be mature and are either stable or in a slight decline type of a mode, according to our assumptions. So there's some offsets going on.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. We have delivered, of course, at the end of the year, certifications for Sovereign and M2 and the Lear 70 and 75. So we'll see a full year contribution there. And in the upcoming year, the Citation X should be moving toward certification, so that will also contribute.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So I think we still expect unit growth, clearly, within both of those segments. ASPs, as you point out, are -- really, we don't see much of a price issue at all. I think we have maybe in the Fitness side, lost a little bit on the very low end of the market. But if you look at our overall ASP, because of the product mix and the new products that we're bringing out, for example, the VIRB having a little bit higher price point, that's going to let things rise, not only increased units, but also increased ASPs. So much of what we would look at on an ASP in those segments just have to do with new products rollout and the contribution from those products.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. I think we've ramped up our team there over the last year. And as Cliff mentioned, we made some changes structurally, but we feel like we have a pretty solid Marine R&D team right now. So most of the increase that we would expect in 2014 on the R&D line would actually come from some of the other segments like Aviation, Outdoor and Fitness.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, without a doubt, the Auto/Mobile includes Mobile, Auto OEM revenue and also PND revenue. That 10% to 15% actually includes a little bit deeper decline on PND specifically. But I think to your points, we've seen a little bit better strength in the European market, so it's declined slower. And we'll just have to see how that shakes out as we go through 2014. But I think we were assuming at a 10% level PND would be down maybe closer to 15% on revenue for the year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, no real changes to the M&A. I think you, Jonathan, you know us well. We have been selective in our -- in the companies that we've acquired, and we've acquired several over the years, actually dozens over the years, and we're still looking for other opportunities, but we're also not going to be overly aggressive. But the fact of the matter is we have good flexibility there. We are always evaluating businesses. I would still say that the sweet spot for us still remains the smaller to medium-sized businesses that are easier to integrate as opposed to going out and doing a life-changing type of an acquisition. So it is a part of our strategy, and it's one of the 4 uses of our cash that we intend to capitalize on.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. So first of all, Tavis, seasonality. We don't see much change in the seasonality within our business. I mean, business as usual as we go forward with the new products and the continuing products. From an operating margin standpoint, it is really an investment in -- primarily in R&D, so as I mentioned, Aviation. So we hope that the sales growth rate meets or exceeds the R&D growth rate there from an operating margin standpoint. But the other segments, Outdoor, Fitness and even Auto/Mobile, I think, we're still evaluating what that looks like in the future. But the other areas of R&D growth, as I mentioned, were Outdoor and Fitness, but that's going to be a little bit of a decline on those segments. And the other thing is product mix. So VIRB, for example, is a lower-margin product than our average Outdoor gross margin. So there's just going to be some natural product mix that influences the operating margins within segments like Outdoor and Fitness.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, implied in our guidance, we assume that we are going to continue to be in the market consistently after we get out of the blackout period here in a couple of days. So of course, it depends on price and how aggressive we will be. But at this point, we plan to be more aggressive as we go through 2014. I can't say if we're going to use it all up yet, but it's not our intention to let it expire.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Simona, the action camera market, according to our estimates, is probably in the range of $1 billion to $2 billion. As you know, it's heavily dominated by an entrenched competitor right now, who has established and defined the market. So we know we have an uphill battle to gain share, and we are admittedly being cautious and conservative in terms of our expectations around the market. But that said, we're -- we feel like we're in this for the long haul. This is a marathon, not a sprint. And so, we're willing to be patient, develop our product line and create innovation in the market that customers are wanting. In terms of the channel, last time we talked, I think we mentioned that the rollout of the VIRB was admittedly conservative, because it was late in the season, and wasn't able to catch a lot of the retailer resets that occur in the early -- late summer, early fall time period. So we anticipate that things will start to pick up this year, and we'll also be ramping up our promotional activities as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think we probably had higher than our expectations in 2014. So we feel like the aviation market still faces some challenges. As we mentioned, we expect stability in the OEM market. We don't expect things to go down. We do expect our new platforms to contribute, and the aftermarket is showing some signs of modest growth. But again, we don't want to be overoptimistic about aviation, because it is very insensitive to things like government shutdowns and the economy and the various things that can happen in the course of the year.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think, Mark, you're combining Outdoor and Fitness, which probably have different dynamics in each one of those markets. In the Outdoor segment, we would anticipate that it's a very mature market for the most part and with the exception, of course, new and emerging opportunities like Fitness or VIRB action cameras. But we would anticipate stable to increasing ASPs there. In Fitness, the market has trended down in ASP, driven by the introduction of lower-end products like our Forerunner 10. But even with that, we're selling the Forerunner 10 at a premium compared to the market, and we have not been in the mode in our business of just competing on price. We always compete on value, performance, innovation, utility and differentiation. So that's basically our outlook on those 2 markets.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. I think as we've mentioned before, we launched the VIRB late in the year, and we missed opportunities to be able to catch resets that occurred earlier in the year. So we knew that distribution was not optimal, and we also had constrained production as we ramped up a totally new category for Garmin, which includes complex optics and new processes that were developed for our company. So we knew that we had just a limited amount of product and it didn't make a lot of sense to go out too strong in Q4. That said, as we've mentioned, we plan to increase our activity on promotion for VIRB in the coming year. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're going to scale our advertising based on both revenue and opportunity. So in this case, VIRB is an opportunity, and we will be investing to promote that product in the coming year. And similar things apply for the vívofit. It's a new category. We're already shipping the product, and we believe we have good retail placement for the product early in the year, so we're excited about that. But we're also going to be increasing our promotion of that as the year goes forward.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Paul, I think in terms of how we view these various segments, including Aviation, Marine is that we're constantly looking for new areas where we can create new product categories, new niches in the market or new bolt-on adjacent market areas as we've done in every market segment. We're not in a mode of trying to trim back or figure out ways we can cut some of our product lines because we feel like there's opportunities everywhere across the business. And so, for R&D, what we will do is we'll continue to invest in developing and finding these niche and adjacent categories, as well as to keep our core product lines fresh, which is important because it keeps buyers interested in the market and we bring new innovations to those product lines.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think recently, we've been performing well in terms of our product releases. As I mentioned in my remarks, we introduced an entire new line -- 47 new Marine products late last year. Those have already been delivered to the market. We introduced our vívofit and vívokí at CES. That is already shipping. So we believe that in many areas of our business, we're performing well. And many of our product releases that we'll have in 2014 have already been delivered to the market in Q1. And so that represents more than half of what we anticipate doing in the coming year.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Jonathan. We don't have any concern at all about our capacity. In fact, we've got quite a bit of excess capacity that we could ramp up pretty quickly if we need to. I think our comments around spinning out products especially relates when we have a new technology like VIRB, which introduces things like optics into our production line that we haven't been doing on a significant scale in the past. So it takes some time to do that, but those issues are basically behind us, and we don't have any concern over the capacity and our ability to support retailers.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Tavis, I think as we mentioned in the past, we realize that progress in the Auto OEM business is -- takes place at a very slow rate. We do have some foothold in the infotainment business in some smaller OEMs and aftermarket, but developing bigger opportunities does take time. So we're still working on developing more of those opportunities, and we continue to be patient. We also are managing that investment as best as we can to make sure that it's scaled towards the opportunities that we see.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we believe both of those products are highly differentiated versus competitors. If you start with the vívo and look at what we brought to the market there, we have an industry-leading battery life of 1 year, and we have a very friendly readable LCD display. And this product is expandable, so you can add your heart rate later if you increase your level of fitness. It has intuitive innovative features such as motivational features that allow people to increase their level of fitness over time as they start to see progress. And finally, the web side of it can be underestimated in terms of the impact there. We have a very well-developed web presence with Garmin Connect, and with the new launch of the updated website, it's tailored now to all kinds of users from basic entry in the fitness area with vívo to the high-end users on the running watches. So in terms of VIRB, our main differentiation there has been bringing sensor integration and integration with other Garmin products through the market. We have GPS capabilities with accelerometers, and all that information can be overlaid onto your video, including information from heart rate monitors and our other fitness products. And so, we offer a level of integration into the market that it previously didn't have.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we're fairly comfortable with our working capital management. There's always some puts and takes there on what we can do better on -- accounts receivable and inventory, in particular. But the numbers that we shared from a free cash flow of 550 to 600 seems just modest changes year-over-year in the working capital.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Brad, I think that all the things you mentioned were strong contributors to our Q4 performance. There was a lot of pent-up demand for the new running watches, and Vector and byproducts certainly also contributed to the mix as well. In terms of 2014, we see those dynamics continuing. The Forerunner 620 and 220 redefines the high-end running watch market, and with the running dynamics features. And we see that product being very popular in the coming year. We'll have a full year of Vector as well, and then of course vívofit is all new revenue for us.
Clifton A. Pemble: The point-of-sale, as you point out, is really critical, and so we're working hard to get point-of-sale presence, an improved presence where we have it today. And many retailers of course are looking for our -- evidence of our promotions as well. And so as we ramp those up in -- starting here, in March, they'll start to see more demand driven from the customer side as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Jeremy, I think that seasonality definitely is something to consider. It is winter, and a very cold one in many parts of the country, and I have not been able to get out and run as much as I like. So I would anticipate, as summer and spring come to us, that you'll see an acceleration there.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. That's been an ongoing process where, last year, we introduced groups and ways for people to be able to share their activities with members of their groups. This year, we're focusing on things like leader boards and challenges which will help enhance the ability for people to engage with the site.
Clifton A. Pemble: All right. I think that concludes our call for today, so thanks, everyone, for participating. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
