Erik Woodring: My first question is just on the component side. I'd just like to dig in there a little bit more to understand, what are the components that are potentially most impacting Garmin as a whole? And then kind of secondary to that, how are component shortages specifically on the auto side impacting you or your partners' ability to meet demand? And then I have a follow-up.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's super helpful. And then for my follow-up, for the first time in company history, you have over $3 billion of net cash. I know you historically run with a buffer to protect yourselves in times of financial hardship like the pandemic or to maintain your component safety stock. But is there a level of cash where you guys say to yourselves, we need to start putting more of this to work via x, y or z? And if there is, what would be the priorities in terms of reinvesting that cash? Yes.
Erik Woodring: Super helpful. And maybe if I could just sneak in 1 more. Just curious on your view how you think about kind of normalize the EBIT margins for outdoor and fitness segments as we kind of come out of COVID, demand somewhat normalizes, the retail environment somewhat normalizes, how we should think about that? And that's my last one.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. Yes, I think as you have read, the situation is very widespread. So there's a lot of impact in some of these major fabs that have had some issues recently certainly impact a broad range of components. So there isn't any given set of components or any one component that I could highlight. It is just a general pressure across the industry. In terms of specifically for auto, we've been very careful with our inventory and supply chain management in auto. And as you know, we've often talked about our strategy of using inventory as a business tool, and so that's helped us. We've not had any major issues with supplying our customers, and I really can't speak to our competitors, but we've been doing everything we can to keep our customers' lines going.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we don't have a specific number that we target for cash. As you can see, our business is growing at a very nice rate. So as the business grows and gets more complex, of course, we feel like cash is a good thing. Our priorities on cash have remained what they've been for a long time. We want to be a reliable payer of an attractive dividend for our investors. We're focused also on acquisitions, reinvesting in the business that way. And then finally, investing in the business and increasing our production capacity, for example, our facilities, our people, all of these things are priorities for the way we use our cash.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think we don't target a specific number around our operating margin for these segments. These are segments that have a lot of specialty products in them. And so consequently, we aim to have higher levels of operating margin in those segments to fund our investments. But in general, we don't necessarily target a number. With the sales increases we've been seeing, of course, we get some leverage out of that. So we're very pleased with our performance. .
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think freight is definitely higher, and it's not a new situation. Actually, we've been experiencing higher freight costs. Over the past year, a lot of freight providers dialed back on their capacity early in the COVID crisis, and that created some constraints even a year ago. So it's not a new thing. Sea freight has got some additional delays. We're actually using a higher mix of air freight right now to keep our product flowing and we're focused on product availability.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think definitely product mix, in general, we would say, is helping us in fitness. And on the cost side, we've seen some benefit in terms of our overall cost structure on the product. So in general, we've had very good performance on the margin side in fitness.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think the operating margin in aviation, Paul, is really a function of the lower sales. We're continuing to invest in new program development and technology. So we do have a higher level of R&D spend at this moment. But in general, I think that's really the driver. And as we see the market recover, we should begin to get some leverage out of that again.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think as we mentioned, we're not adjusting our numbers right now. It's certainly true that as we go forward, there's is some interesting comparables in our business compared to last year. Aviation was hit harder and longer last year than other segments, but we're starting to see some positive signs. And as we get a clearer picture after the end of Q2, we'll be able to provide more information.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I'd really say a couple of things, Will, on that. But we believe the channel inventory is very lean right now. There's a lot of demand out there for products. And definitely, the supply chain considerations in meeting that demand are more complex when there's increased demand. So that's why we believe that, in general, we see strong demand for the products going forward.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we were pleased to see the consumer auto segment grow. The drivers behind that really are the specialty products that we've been investing in over the years, things like truck and RV and cameras. In terms of powersports, that's a perfect complement to what we're doing in the consumer auto business. The powersports market, as you know, has been growing a lot, especially in the pandemic environment. And so there's a lot of interest in products that can help people enjoy that sport and enjoy their vehicles. And so our solution with Tread and the PowerSwitch and also the cameras is a fantastic way for us to enter that market with a really strong offering.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think that it remains to be seen. I would say that there's a lot of opportunity in the power sports market and a lot of products that we can do. And so this really is our approach and our strategy in building the business, which is to find great niche categories that we can innovate in and take a strong market share and be able to build the business that way.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think there's a good level of interest in -- on the OEM side and the products that we're offering. Already ArcGIS has announced our product on some of their vehicles, and we're talking to others as well. But we do feel like we have a compelling offering that is of interest to the market.
Cliff Pemble: I felt it was good. It was encouraging. Clearly, users in that market are watching for the kinds of products that will help them enjoy the sport. And so these are definitely right up their interest alley, if you will, and it leverages all of the strengths that we have across Garmin, including the mapping, the communication and the rugged designs.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think we've kind of highlighted most of those. We continue to be really excited about the growth in marine. There's a lot of demand out there for marine products, and we expect that will continue. Fitness has been fantastic, of course, with cycling and advanced wearables. Lily was a great new product for us as well. And aviation, we're excited to kind of see things stabilize, and we're getting a lot of positive feedback as trade shows and manufacturers and shops installing equipment are all making positive remarks.
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's early days. And actually, we just completed the Sun 'n Fun show in Florida, which was canceled last year, reopened this year. But attendance was actually, I would say, reasonably strong, given the conditions. It was probably what I heard maybe 70%, 80% of what has been in normal years. But what we saw out of that was buyers that were very interested and very serious about equipping their aircraft and interested in what we had to offer.
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's early days, so probably difficult to quantify. We do believe that the kind of lifestyle changes that we've seen as part of the pandemic are durable because people have made significant investments in themselves, their health, their ability to be outdoors and have recreation. And so that's what we continue to hear from our partners and what we continue to see in the industry.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think certainly, that's a possibility. But as I mentioned earlier, we believe that this trend is pretty durable. Our boat building partners, many of them are booked out through the remainder of the year and some are even talking about 2022 now. So there's still significant pent-up demand for boating products and people who want to be out on the water, and we believe that will continue to drive growth in our marine segment.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think the European mandate has been pushed out probably more than once, and so that probably wasn't a surprise. We are starting to see customers get more interested in that. I think they realize that it won't keep pushing out forever. And so they're looking for a solution, and I think we're well positioned for that. I would say that Europe is probably the next biggest opportunity, obviously, compared to the North American opportunity, although much smaller because the market there is generally 25% to 30% of what the total global market is.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think that labor is an interesting topic. I think for a long time, engineering talent has been in strong demand, and I think it's only gotten stronger in the pandemic as many companies are looking to create new things and new products. So we're operating in a tight environment. That's not generally new, but it does seem to be increasing in this environment for sure. We're focusing on having a great work culture. I think we've got fantastic employees at Garmin. We're really proud of all of them, over 16,000 employees around the world now. And our culture is very unique and the kind of products and markets that we serve are also very unique. They're products and markets of passion where people can actually create things that interest them and not just work on something that someone else tells them to do. So we have some advantages, but obviously, it's still a tight market and we're doing the best we can.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So first, regarding free cash flow, at this point in time, we're maintaining our overall guidance. So that's a number that we feel confident at this point in time. We'll actually update as we progress through the year. Regarding the CapEx, yes, we still feel confident of the amount that we basically gave our guidance for CapEx. We will be ramping up some of those investments that Cliff talked about. And we talked about during our previous call here in the latter part of the year relating to our consumer manufacturing facilities in Taiwan, we expect increased spend in Q2 and rest of the back half. As well as we're renovating our facilities here in Olathe of actually taking some of our previous facilities that were for distribution manufacturing and renovate those for workspace. So those expenses will be ramping up in Q2 and the rest of the year.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So yes, our numbers did come in favorable as it relates to AR there, so it's more favorable. So we may get some more a little bit of a headwind against that rest of the year. The situation is that our customers are really demanding our product, and as a result of that, they basically we have certain credit limits. So in certain cases, they may be paying prior to some of their credit terms to stay on those credit limits. But that's a good thing as they continue to see the demand that we're actually funding that as well as to -- working capital, yes, probably looking at inventory. That's an item that we'll probably make some additional investments in and see that to increase the rest of the year also.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Sure. Relating to the investment in OEM, give you kind of perspective for 2021 through relates to the R&D, we would expect to see a similar level of the R&D spend in the remaining quarters of 2021 as we saw in 2000 -- or in Q1 as we continue to ramp up for new programs there. As it relates to the CapEx side of things, the CapEx for the new facility in Europe-related OEM, that's factored into our CapEx budget that we gave you previously. But also, I should say the majority of that CapEx, the number in there is relating to the consumer manufacturing piece in Taiwan as well as the renovation here. And then as it relates to the OEM piece, it's primarily relating to increasing our production lines, get ready for production in the near future.
Doug Boessen: Yes. There are some cases, especially when you look at the Q2 over Q2 comparison. Last year, at this time, we did cut back on travel, trade shows, those type of things in there. So I would say, looking at Q2, there will be some increase that we'll spend this year versus last year there, but that's not really the big drivers of our CapEx. The big drivers really are the R&D and such in there that we have going forward.
