Douglas G. Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our second quarter results then move to comments on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We posted revenue of $812 million for the second quarter, representing a 5% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 57%, a 280 basis point increase from the prior year, driven primarily by segment and product mix. Operating expense as a percent of sales was 32.3%, a 40 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $201 million, a 20% increase over the prior year. Operating margin was 24.7%, a 320 basis point increase from the prior year. Effective tax rate was 21% at current quarter which is comparable to the effective tax rate of 20.6% in the prior year quarter. Our GAAP EPS was $0.85, an 18% growth over the prior year quarter, and pro forma EPS was $0.87, a 21% growth over the prior year quarter. We'll discuss gross margin, operating expenses in more detail later. Next, we'll look at second quarter revenue by segment. In the second quarter, we have growth in four of our five segments led by robust double-digit growth on Fitness and Outdoor segments and single-digit growth on Marine and Aviation segments. Collectively, these four segments were up 20% compared to the prior-year quarter. Looking next at second quarter revenue charts. Auto segment represent a 30% of our total second quarter 2016 revenue, compared to 39% second quarter 2015. Fitness grew to 26% of revenue in the current period, compared to 21% in the prior year, while Outdoor grew from 14% to 17%. You can see from the charts illustrate a profit mix by segment, Outdoor, Fitness, Marine and Aviation collectively delivered 80% of operating income in the second quarter of 2016. Fitness operating income as a percentage of total operating income increased from 20% to 27%. And Outdoor increased from 22% to 24%. Looking at year-over-year gross margin by segment. All segments posted gross margin rate increase due to shifts in product mix. Total corporate operating margin increased from 21.5% to 24.7% due to gross margin improvement. Looking next at operating expenses. Second quarter operating expense increased by about $10 million, or 4%. Research and development increased $5 million year-over-year, was flat as a percent of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and increasing resources, focused primarily on Aviation, Fitness and Outdoor. Our advertising expense decreased $1.5 million over the prior year quarter, represented 5.5% of sales, a 50 basis point decrease. Additional advertising spend on Fitness was more than offset by decreases in Auto and Marine. SG&A was up $6 million compared to the prior year quarter, increasing 170 basis points as a percent of sales to 12.8%. Increase in SG&A were driven primarily by expenses associated with the addition of the DeLorme business, and compensation-related costs. A few highlights from the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash marketable securities of about $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable increased both sequentially and year-over-year to $510 million. Inventory balance decreased sequentially to $508 million. As we exit the seasonally strong second quarter, it remains higher year-over-year due to new product offerings. From second quarter 2016, we generated free cash flow of $135 million, a $71 million increase from the second quarter of 2015. Also, during the quarter, we paid dividends of approximately $97 million, repurchased about $25 million of company stock, approximately $123 million remaining for purchase through December 2016. As Cliff mentioned, we're updating our tax guidance and now anticipate a full year tax rate of approximately 19.5%. This concludes our formal remarks. Jamie, can you open the line for Q&A? Thanks.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yes. Overall, deferred revenue had a headwind of about $8 million. We anticipate probably full year, probably about an $0.08 to $0.10 headwind for revenue.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. As it relates to the gross margin in the back half, you'll see probably some improvement related to segment mix. They're primarily – but looking at the gross margins for the full year, we anticipate most of the segments for the full year to be comparable to 2015 except for Fitness, which Cliff quickly mentioned, probably be lower due to higher percentage of activity tracker wellness. We think that's probably going to be – fitness gross margins full-year probably in the low 50s%. As it relates to expenses, a couple of things to think about expense in the back half, the first of which is relating to acquisitions. DeLorme will have full two quarters of expenses relating to DeLorme acquisition, as well as in 2016, this is the year we have a 53rd week, so we have one extra week of expenses in 2016 compared to the previous years. And as it relates to advertising, we think that advertising probably as a percentage of sales will be comparable year-over-year. So, there'll probably be some increase in dollars, talking about for full year here, but in there, but as percentage of sales, we think advertising will be relatively comparable to 2015.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. So, as I mentioned, R&D will be increasing, primarily because of that DeLorme acquisition, which we'll be adding in there, and also as we add head count just for newer product introduction. So, we'll see overall from operating expenses, as percent of sales, will be increasing overall full year.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. So, when look at – basically our goal is to return about 100% our free cash flow back to the shareholders between dividends and share repurchases. As it looks at share repurchases, we look at a number of things there, one of which, obviously, is our business conditions, as well as our market condition there, and we'll play that out depending upon how that goes throughout the rest of the year and the future.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yes. So, in terms of DeLorme's contribution in margins, we don't break any of that down. I would say in terms of topline, it's attributed to the Outdoor segment. And it represented less than half of the overall growth that we had in the segment for the quarter. In terms of our outlook for M&A, we don't really comment on our plans, of course, as you can understand. I think our strategy has always been to look for good fits in technology or product lines that would complement our overall portfolio. And that's what we've been doing, and that's what we continue to do.
Douglas G. Boessen: So basically, in the second quarter, we had $8 million of headwind on deferred revenue, and for the full year, we're anticipating a headwind of our EPS of between 8% and 10%. So, probably a little bit less than that in the back half.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yes, in terms of where we're at, it's probably difficult to precisely nail it down, but we think it's somewhere in the 20% to 25% equipage that's occurred so far in the market with the vast majority of the equipage yet to come. I think pilots and aircraft owners are just like everybody else, they'll probably – a lot of them will wait until the last minute so, we do see a building momentum as time goes on as we lead up to the 2020 deadline. In terms of how we're doing, I think we're doing very well, it's one of those areas where it's difficult to precisely nail down market share, but we believe our share so far in the equipped airplanes is north of 70%.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, in terms of penetration of the heart rate technology, we have expanded it broadly across the line, as I mentioned in my remarks. I think we're mostly there. There's probably still a few areas where we believe we can add, and we will do so. But I think, for the most part, over the past year, we've been able to accomplish what we set out to do. In terms of other sensors, we're certainly working on that as a lot of people say they are. I think the biggest challenge is the next level of sensing technology has to prove that it has utility for the customers and it has to be technologically feasible. And so I think we, like everyone else, is searching for that next breakthrough.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think the back half will certainly come down in terms of gross margin because of promotional activities and going into the fourth quarter.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. Thanks, Ben. So, in terms of channel inventory, especially with the launch of new products, I think it probably varies by regions and by stores, but in general, we feel like the inventory is in a good situation, we feel like our products were selling out well. So, we don't think that there is any issue with our new products stacking up in the channel. In terms of growth and margins, certainly, we've been on a deliberate effort to improve our margins across all of our business segments. I would say that in Fitness, as the mix continues to shift towards the activity trackers that that profile will continue to have pressure on it. While in Outdoors, it's probably somewhat stable at its current trend levels.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think what we saw so far in the first half of 2016 is that the European market has weakened more than what it had been up to that point. So, I think that's probably the big change in our outlook. But generally, we still feel like, it's a good market and we feel like we're doing very well in that market in terms of market share.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, Brad. The market share in activity trackers, we believe we're roughly at the 10% level in the U.S. market. Internationally, there's areas of strength and weakness across the whole world that we're actually doing very well in bigger European countries, and also in Asia.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think the first half was, certainly, a big part of what we had planned for the year, but we still have some additional releases that we'll be announcing here in the second half, as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it is still very early. I think that product appeals to a slightly different kind of customer than our traditional base, so we're waiting to see how it does.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. Jerry, I think in terms of all the factories you mentioned, it's definitely rolled into our guidance. Americas has been a little weaker for two reasons. One is that we are more exposed in this market, the Americas market, due to PND market cycles. So, that's one dynamic. And then the second thing is that the activity tracker market in the Americas is more competitive than what we see on the other areas of the world where we're doing comparatively better. So, those are two moving pieces there in terms of the Americas performance. In terms of the specific impact of the pound, we're definitely working that situation, and much like what we did with the euro situation last year, there could be some impact on prices, but I think all of this is like threading a needle. You need to see where you have the ability and the power to raise prices and also where you do not and make the appropriate moves.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think longer term, we would expect the Americas to grow as well. But again, the near-term dynamics of the PND decline are outweighing the growth we've had in some of the other segments.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Simona, I think probably the biggest factor I would attribute it to is the refreshing of our product lines and the ability to reset pricing with products and new features that are more competitive in the market. So, I think that's the main contributor. We're also very focused on product cost that we're working cost out of the products continually, and that's also had an impact on our business.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we've definitely seen a benefit in the launch of the new lines. They have great new features that we believe are the best anywhere. But in terms of limits, certainly there is a limit in terms of pricing versus volume and our goals has been to maximize profitability.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we're certainly sensitive to pricing and profits in the segments, I will say. I think in terms of our current approach and the evidence of the market share that's out there, there could be some slight degradation of market share, but I think the evidence is very slight for that and in general we feel like our market share is still very strong, both globally and in the U.S.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. In terms of product placement, certainly, there's puts and takes, but we think we're generally represented well at every major retailer. And we also have a very strong presence with the product that you mentioned, particularly in the Fitness and the Outdoor area in specialty retailers. So, generally, we've been working hard on expanding our retail presence. We've been working hard on improving the presentation of our products at retail over the past year. And we think that we've made a lot of progress. In terms of integration of our apps with others, we already do quite a bit of that, for instance, we have integration with MyFitnessPal for nutrition tracking. And we also have integration on the cycling side with Strava as well. So, we're very open to partnerships and we've been demonstrating that.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think we're our strongest marketing partner. We're focused on the Garmin brand and we're focused on partnerships that enhance the Garmin brand.
