Doug Boessen: Thanks Cliff. Good morning everyone. I'll begin my review in our fourth quarter and full year financial results with comments on the balance sheet cash, flow statement, and taxes. We posted revenue of $932 million for the fourth quarter, representing 4% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.9%, 280 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35%, a 70 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $223 million, a 21% increase with the prior year. Operating margin was 23.9%, a 350 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $1. Pro forma EPS was $1.02, a 26% increase from the prior year. Looking at full year results, we posted revenue over $3.3 billion for the year, representing a 7% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 59.1%, 150 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35.9%, a 20 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating income was $778 million, a 14% increase over the prior year. Operating margin was 23.3%, an increase of 140 basis points from the prior year, driven by the increase in gross margin. Our GAAP EPS was $3.66. Pro forma EPS was $3.69, a 22% increase from the prior year. Next, look at fourth quarter and full year revenue by segment. During the fourth quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in three of our five segments led by the Outdoor segment with 25% growth, followed closely by the Aviation segment with growth of 22%. For the full year 2018 we achieved 7% consolidated growth with double-digit growth in four of our five segments. Looking next to fourth quarter revenue and operating income. Collectively, the Aviation, Marine, Outdoor, Fitness segments contributed 84% total revenue in the fourth quarter 2018 compared to 77% in the prior year quarter. Outdoor grew from 23% to 27%. Aviation grew from 14% to 17%. You can see from the charts it illustrate our profit mix by segment. The Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and fitness segments collectively delivered 97% operating income in the fourth quarter 2018 compared to 88% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Outdoor operating income as a percentage of total operating income increased from 40% to 43%. Looking next at full year charts. For the full year, the Aviation, Marine, Outdoor, Fitness segments made up 81% of total revenue compared to 75% in 2017. A similar shift occurred in operating income with 95% in 2018 operating income collectively coming from the; Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness segments compared to 88% in 2017. All segments besides Auto had a year-over-year increase in both operating income dollars and operating margin. Looking next at operating expenses. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $6 million or 2%. Research and development increased $12 million year-over-year due to investments in engineering resources. Our advertising expense decreased $4 million in the prior year quarter representing 5.9% of sales, 60 basis point decrease.  Decrease was primarily due to lower media spent in the fitness segment. SG&A decreased $3 million compared to prior quarter with 13.5% of sales, 90 basis point decrease compared to prior year. Decrease was due to prior year litigation-related costs partially offset by increased personnel-related expenses. A few highlights from the balance sheet, cash flow statement and dividend payments. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.7 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $570 million, due to holiday quarter and decreased year-over-year due to timing of cash receipts. Inventory balance increased both sequentially and year-over-year to $562 million. During the fourth quarter 2018, we generated free cash flow of approximately $185 million. For the full year 2018, we generated free cash flow of approximately $764 million, a $243 million increase to the prior year. We announced that we plan to seek shareholder approval for our increased dividend beginning for the June 2019 payment. Proposal is a cash dividend of $2.28 per share, $0.57 per share per quarter, 8% increase from our current quarterly dividend of $0.53 per share. For the full year 2018, we recorded an effective tax rate of 15.7%, 520 basis point decrease from the prior year primarily due to benefits from U.S. tax reform. We expect our full year 2019 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 16.5%. The year-over-year increase in 2019 pro forma effective tax rate is primarily due to lower expected reserve releases compared to 2018. This concludes our formal remarks. Channel, please open the line for Q&A.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So this is Doug. Let me give you a little perspective probably on operating expenses and the gross margin and kind of feed into that. So for the gross margin, we do expect that to tick-up a little bit, that's primarily all due to segment mix. And then as it relates to operating expenses for 2019, we would expect operating expenses to increase on a consolidated basis similar level as it did in 2018, probably maybe as a percentage of sales maybe 100 basis points increase year-over-year. And about -- I should also mention that, about 25% of that year-over-year increase in our operating expenses were attributing primarily to the acquisition of Tacx -- acquisition there. And looking at -- maybe a little more granularity on each one of the expense lines, as it relates to advertising; our goals for 2019 or as a percentage of sales to look at advertising to be relatively comparable as a percentage of sales in 2018. We do expect R&D investments to continue probably -- maybe as a percentage of sales probably a 50% increase there -- basis point increase. And then SG&A expect that to increase year-over-year maybe about a 50 basis point also. But we do continue to make investments in our business on a go-forward basis to drive the top line.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So, we had a very strong free cash flow in 2018. The big piece of that was driven by operation, but also we did have some very strong working capital improvements year-over-year. I wouldn't expect to see those -- all of those working capital improvements year-over-year. So, probably for 2019, I'm estimating free cash flow around $675 million. And zoomed in that is about $150 million of CapEx which is a similar level that we had in 2018.
A – Cliff Pemble: On the year, our margin improvement is primarily segment-driven mix. On the quarter, it's both segment and product mix.
A – Cliff Pemble: Yes. Competition is obviously still a factor especially around holiday promotion times. Our product life cycles within the various segments do also have an impact particularly in outdoor where we had the new fēnix watches for most of the year. So going forward I think all those things are dynamic. We would anticipate just following the market and doing the best we can.
A – Cliff Pemble: I think the segment level guidance speaks for itself. I think that in terms of our overall guidance, we spend a lot of time on that and we’ve articulated the road map that we believe we can deliver. So that's really what goes behind our guidance at the beginning of the year. There's still a lot of the year ahead of us. So as things develop of course we'll update. But right now that's our view and our road map.
A – Cliff Pemble: Yes. We really didn't see any impact from the shutdown on ADS-B itself. I think that there's lots of puts and takes at the shop level of the industry, so I wouldn't say that there was zero impact. But it was hard to detect at least from the activity that we saw. And so going forward, I don't think there's a major wave that comes through because of the reopening. We expect that the upgrades will continue strong into 2019 because there's still quite a few aircraft to equip and shop capacity is still a factor.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. Instinct really opened a new category product for us, a new kind of customer, so we view that as a new opportunity within the overall wearable. And the GPSMAP was a refresh of our product line and so whenever we do that we're able to capture people who upgrade and people who are looking for new features and products that they might already have. So, kind of, a new product refresh out there.
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's a little early to talk about 2020, but I would say consistent with the remarks that we made earlier that many of the programs we've talked about start to hit in 2020, and so that will be a key year for us and looking forward as well as we have additional programs that come online.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. Our outlook today is very similar to what we provided back in July. We are seeing that based on run rates we have today that we would have about 100,000 aircraft equipped by the time the mandate takes effect. And looking into 2020, I would say that there still appears to be opportunity for additional aircraft that come online either due to the fact that they weren't able to get into shops or perhaps they're just lagers in terms of overall buying behavior.
Cliff Pemble: It's probably a little hard to quantify because we are seeing customer step up to additional equipment when they bring their airplanes in for modification. I think that's critical, because it shows that customers they realized that the effort it takes to put the equipment in is significant, and so they want to take advantage of all of the potential features and opportunities they can have with the latest equipment. So consequently we're seeing improvements in a lot of our retrofit product lines in addition to ADS-B.
Cliff Pemble: Well we're not ready to provide a lot of color around 2020 yet, because we still have a lot of 2019 to play out when it comes to the mandate. But we said all along that certainly there will be a drop-off as people become equipped. And the way we see it today there will still be sales that occur into 2020, but the level of those sales and the impact in the pull-through that comes with those is still unknown.
Cliff Pemble: Well from our guidance, we would say that about half of the growth that we're projecting in fitness is due to Tacx and based on our projected closing date. So those are the assumptions we made so far.
Cliff Pemble: I think there's still a lot to happen, so we don't really have a specific yet, but we expect it to be sometime in second quarter.
Cliff Pemble: Well we built a very solid cycling business based on outdoor cycling activity and so Tacx allows us to bring cycling indoors and allows us to integrate across our platforms both in terms of head units as well Garmin Connect. So we see a lot of opportunities and synergies that we can work together with Tacx in order to better serve the overall cycling market.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. For the fourth quarter the vast majority was organic growth about three quarters of it and maybe about 25% of that was Navionics.
Cliff Pemble: Well definitely the new products like Instinct and Descent contributed totally new dollars to us, but we still saw strong growth for the year and for the quarter in our Fenix line as well.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we do have new platforms such as Longitude in our plan. We work closely with the teams at our partners such as Textron to plan for -- basically create our plan around their plan. And so that's what we've done. And I can't really comment in terms of our views versus theirs, but we're ready to support their launch and rollout.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Sorry Paul, I think your question broke up during the first part. So if you wouldn't mind to repeat that then we'll try to tackle it.
Cliff Pemble: Well I think we're assuming what all people are kind of steady state the way things are right now. I think aviation and marine are segments that are definitely very sensitive to the macro-environment. So our outlook there assumes that we're going to continue to see recently favorable conditions to support those markets.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think to the extent that it improves the situation in the China market itself it could positively impact us. But China is a challenging area, just in terms of the overall global economy. And our revenue exposure there is somewhat small. But on the other hand we still are looking for growth opportunities in the Asia market.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. The example we gave was Panoptix LiveScope, and as we've been mentioning since LiveScope was launched that it is disruptive technology. Marine people and fishermen view it as something that truly doesn't exist anywhere else, and so it casts a positive glow across the marine segment and additional pull-through sales of our other equipment as well. So that's what I call a halo product.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we've been working to build relationships across the industry and we did reach out to Tacx and introduced ourselves and built a relationship with them. They're an awesome company. They're a family-owned company over generations. That's well-run, has a great product line and technology. They're vertically integrated, and so we felt like they were a great fit with our company as well. In terms of how we view them going forward, they have a great brand and it's a brand that we want to support and keep around for the long-term. And we intend to integrate them into our sales in our fitness area. Like I mentioned earlier, they have a strong offering for both indoor and outdoor cycling activities.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we would anticipate the distribution would be through existing sports retailers. Already the product is available through REI. But there's an opportunity to expand Tacx distribution in the U.S. and Asia market. They're very strong in Europe, but less strong in the U.S. and Asia, so we'll be working to expand that distribution.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I probably can't comment on specifics. But like I mentioned earlier, there's many different assets within Garmin and Tacx that we can now look at together and create a much more high fidelity and interesting experience for customers that go both outside and inside. So that's our goal and we have a lot of work ahead of us for sure.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So, we did see growth across all of our categories in fitness. The basic category has come down quite a lot as you imagine with the overall market. Where we saw growth was in unique products that we offer such as the hybrid analog smart devices vivomove HR as well as the kid trackers as well. But we see it as a solid category where we offer something unique, so that's where we're investing. And then the overall fitness categories outside of that in advance trackers, we're also strong for the year.
Cliff Pemble: I think we have a strong roadmap across all of our lines, so we would expect during the year that we'll have refreshes across the entire portfolio.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we're really not seeing anything different than what we reported midway through 2018. We do see that shop capacity appears to be a factor in limiting the growth of installs. And so on a percentage basis I would obviously represent a deceleration, but again, a lot of demand that still has to be worked through for the year. So, we're working as hard as we can to help our shops get through that and we'll continue to monitor and see how things go into the following year.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I'll probably comment on that Ben. This is Cliff. We are producing aviation products now in our new facility, so that part is up and running. We're still outfitting our distribution center with new equipment in order to turn that on, so we're not yet operating out of the distribution side of the new facility.
Cliff Pemble: Our objective is to grow share across the whole segment including moving upstream in both business jets as well as getting our foot into the commercial side as well. We do already have some commercial opportunities that we're executing on in terms of some smaller pieces of equipment, but we continue to aspire to and work on additional opportunities to move upstream. It is more intensive activity as you can imagine. And in order to do that we have to invest in ourselves, in our team, in our capacity which are things that we've been doing over the course of the years now. And in terms of actually executing then of course we would have to achieve a very high level of service for our customers in terms of spares and general support for their operations. So these are all things that we're evaluating and making methodical investments in order to be ready.
