Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Charlie, I think definitely, warmer weather could have spurred some initial buying, early start to marine season, as we commented. And if that's the case, then we would expect that maybe some of those purchases were done earlier and that Q2 could consequently be a little softer in some of those seasonal markets. But it's too early to tell. And I think that we'll continue to monitor going forward.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, it's a good question. Now the take rate really didn't change significantly over what we saw in Q4. But what's occurred is you have Q1's our seasonally lowest period but we've continued to amortize our past deferred revenues, and they actually surprised us a little bit the fact that it actually became positive. What we're expecting for the remainder of the year, as I said in my remarks, is that, that would continue to be negative in terms of the revenue and operating income. However, it will be less negative than we experienced in 2011.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think there's still third-tier players that are struggling in the market. And as they continue to capitulate, there will be market share to take. And of course, we, as the global leader, it is still kind of split between us and the second player. But we would aim to try to take share from all the players as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think that in Japan is in response to our opportunity with Suzuki, and so each of these opportunities requires local engineering support. China is an emerging opportunity, so we're developing business there, and it requires a local presence. So each one has its own story. But in general, it's driven either by the engineering support is needed or the business development that's needed.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, as we mentioned, I think some of the opportunities that we've mentioned publicly don't deliver in 2012. So -- though there's really nothing in the annual guidance that's reflecting these opportunities that are in the out years.
Clifton A. Pemble: We generally don't split it out between OEM and retrofit in these various market segments. I think that's -- we're growing from a very small base in Marine and Auto, so we have room to grow in those areas. But the Aviation, as you know, we've been strong in over the years. And so there, we have a higher mix of OEM versus retrofit sales.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, and that's the reason for a potential benefit. We're looking at this year, cost benefit or cost savings in single digit -- low-single digits. So prices stay roughly flat. And costs come down a couple of percentage points and that should help us.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, James, this is Cliff. In terms of Fitness inventory constraints, we don't really see any constraints in terms of production and supplying the channel. I think some of what you may be seeing in the field is that some of the more popular products like the 910 have done much better than what our retailers and what our forecasts had indicated initially. So we are able to ramp that production up, but it does take some time to get those fed out to the field. Some of the retailers are small independents and it does take some time to fill their needs. In terms of the Vector, we are testing prototypes at this point and so we do have systems that are being filed and proven. As we mentioned in our update recently, we weren't happy with what we felt was the performance required for the cycling market. And so we've stepped back a little bit and we want to go back and try to make sure it's absolutely rock-solid before we take it out to market.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, there really were no one-time events. So I think the points of investment in marine OEM apply across the board, whether it's R&D or other SG&A costs. And -- so I think we've seen some growth over the last year on our marine OEM, but we still have high hopes for winning new deals in the next year to 2. I think, Charlie, that the time to invest and then the time to win business takes somewhere between a year or 2 to gain revenues. So we're still expecting more of a longer-term benefit on the Marine segment.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, as Cliff mentioned, we do expect that the overall industry will continue to be in decline. And we haven't changed our outlook on an overall 10% decline for the year. I think where we saw -- a little bit more strength within the European market, where we saw better sell-in and even our U.S. market didn't decline as much as we had anticipated. So we -- I think we're pleased in general with the overall PND industry. We'll just have to wait and see how the rest of the year shapes up.
Kevin S. Rauckman: We don't expect a tailwind on an absolute dollar basis for the remainder of 2012. And we'll just update you all as we go forward in the year to see when that will turn around. So I think, again, we would expect both negative revenue and EPS impact due to the deferrals as we go through the remainder of this year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Actually, they should be a little bit down this year because of the deferred revenue impact. We've had some -- as I mentioned in my comments, we get the cash up front, but we will not see as significant of a deferred revenue benefit this year. So overall, we're looking at free cash flow somewhere in the area of about $650 million for the full year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think if you look at the most recent NPD data, it suggests that our U.S. share in PND could be as high as 66%, which is an increase of low-60s, about 63% a year ago. It also appears that in Europe, depending on which numbers you use, we could be looking at market share in the low 30% range, somewhere between 31% and 33%. But it does appear that we are gaining share in both of those regions for the Q1 time period.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Navigon would not have been in the U.S. market. So that 66% is exclusive of Navigon. I think the European number would be inclusive of Navigon, so that could be impacting part of that. Yes.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. We're looking at an overall full year ASP impact of neutral. So really, no price change across the board in the PND results for our 2012 segment.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I would expect, as we go forward, not just in 2012, but in future years, we would expect a slight increase in gross margin. I caution, though, because the number of units that we are shipping on an absolute basis is not really moving. In fact, it's going to be down. But just given the competitive landscape that we're looking at, I'd expect slight increases in gross margin over the next year or 2.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, Mark, there's not a lot of market research that would really point to what the TAM is, if you will. It's a little less defined than what obviously Auto market is where you can count how many cars there are. But that said, there's a growing interest in using GPS for fitness-related activities anywhere for -- from people who are more interested in the health side, to people who are competitive. So we're seeing the growth being driven by the increased interest and adoption of GPS.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, we talked about this in our last earnings call. We exited -- we saw the channel, both our inventories and the channel inventories at a fairly low level. And we really haven't seen much movement there. It appears that the retailers are doing a much better job of keeping their inventory clean and buying as they need. So we feel pretty comfortable with that. And no real issues on the Outdoor and Fitness segment either in terms of channel inventory.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think the way you need to look at it is we're in an investment phase in each of those. And if we can win the business that we're going after, just the incremental volume will really help push up operating margins over time. Now this isn't going to occur in 2012, as Cliff said. It's going to take us 2013 and beyond to see those benefits. But Aviation, typically, for example, would be operating margins in the -- about 30%. And we're below that right now. So we would expect margins to pick up at least in that area, in that segment in the future.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think what we would expect across our business, and it includes the Auto/Mobile, is we had a 16% operating margin, and we would expect those margins to pick up above 20%, not only in Q2 but for the rest of the year. And even looking at Q4 for the Auto/Mobile, we still expect that operating margins should be up. In total, I would expect it to be somewhere, just on the Auto/Mobile segment, closer to the 10% as opposed to the 6% that we reported in the first quarter.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. So gross -- just looking at the gross margin, 39%. We won't give specific segment expectations, just on the PND or Auto/Mobile. We do expect those to increase again due to volume.
Kevin S. Rauckman: That's all -- that's wrapped into our expectations. We naturally see Q4 below the other quarters because of the holiday season.
Kevin S. Rauckman: No. We would expect similar seasonality going from Q1 to Q2 in the Auto/Mobile space. As Cliff mentioned, we may have some negative impact due to the Marine segment on what we saw in Q1 versus Q2.
Kevin S. Rauckman: All right. Thanks, everyone, for your participation. We look forward to keeping you updated and as we move through the year. So have a great day. We'll talk to you later.
