Douglas G. Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I begin by reviewing our financial results and provide summary comments on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We posted revenue of $706 million for the third quarter. As previously highlighted by Cliff, our revenue represents a 10% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was strong at 56%, a 160 basis-point increase from prior year, driven primarily by favorable segment mix. Operating margin was 25%, an increase of 130 basis points from the prior year. This is a result of the gross margin favorability of 160 basis points, partially offset by operating expense growth of 11% or $22 million. Our pro forma effective tax rate increased to 21%. We'll discuss the tax rate in more detail later. Adjusting for the foreign currency loss, tax impact of intercompany restructuring and tax benefit for the release of material reserves, pro forma EPS was $0.76, which represents a 10% increase year-over-year. We shipped 3.7 million units during the quarter, up 12% from 3.3 million last year. Total company average selling price of $192 per unit, down 2% from $196 third quarter of 2013, driven primarily by fitness product mix. Next, we'll review how our third quarter revenue breaks down by segment. We experienced double-digit growth in 4 of our 5 segments. Looking at the charts on this page, the Auto/Mobile segment represented 44% of our total revenue during third quarter of 2014, down from 49% in the prior year. Fitness grew to 16% of revenue current period compared to 13% in the prior year. These charts illustrate our profitability mix by segment. Our non-Auto/Mobile segments delivered 70% of operating income in the quarter, up from 64% in the prior year quarter. Looking next at year-over-year gross margin. Total company gross margin improved to 56% due to positive segment mix and stable or improving margins in most segments. Total operating margin improved to 25% due to the increased gross margin performance. As previously mentioned, third quarter operating expense increased by $22 million or 11% on a year-over-year basis, while increasing 30 basis points, percent of sales. R&D increased $11 million year-over-year and 30 basis points to 14% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce with increasing resources focused on compelling new Aviation, Fitness and Outdoor products. Our advertising expense increased $7 million over the prior year quarter, representing 4.7% of sales, a 60 basis-point increase. Additional spending was focused on Fitness and Outdoor to support new product categories. We'll continue to manage advertising cost by segment with a near-term focus on market share growth and wearables. SG&A was up $4 million compared to the prior year quarter, decreasing 60 basis points, percent of sales, to 12.8%. We continue to manage these costs closely to gain operating leverage when possible. Our pro forma effective tax rate for third quarter 2014 was 21% compared to 15.7% in third quarter 2013. Pro forma tax rates exclude tax expense associated with the intercompany restructuring in 2014 and the tax benefit from material release of reserves in both 2013 and 2014. Increased tax rate was primarily driven by unfavorable income mix by tax jurisdiction, expiration of some Taiwan tax incentives and expiration of the U.S. R&D tax credit. We now expect our full year tax rate to be 17% given the anticipated delay in approval of the U.S. R&D tax credit. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of almost $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $470 million, a result of seasonally lower sales in the third quarter. Year-over-year accounts receivable was basically flat, resulting in improvement in day sales outstanding. Our inventory balance increased to $466 million on a sequential basis as we build inventory for the holiday season. We continue to generate strong free cash flow across our business. Excluding a $78 million cash tax payment related to the intercompany restructuring, cash from operations was $220 million and capital expenditures were $18 million, resulting in free cash flow generation of $202 million during the quarter. We also repurchased $79 million of company stock during the third quarter, completing our current repurchase authorization. Our dividend and stock repurchase activity during 2014 will return approximately $600 million of cash to our shareholders. This concludes our formal remarks. Tim, can you please open the line for questions? Thank you.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yes. This is Doug. Yes, the way I look at it, it's pretty well consistent with our previous strategy we had. This year, 2014, we'll return about $600 million between dividends and share repurchases to our shareholders. We'll take another look at that in February, looking at our dividend and share repurchase in connection with our guidance for 2015. But I'd say it's pretty consistent with what we've looked at in the past.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yes. This is Doug. Regarding -- first of all, I’ll talk about deferred revenue here in the third quarter. That gave us a benefit of about $0.06 in the third quarter. Looking at the fourth quarter, we would expect a benefit of about $0.05 on EPS there. And then looking at toward the future into 2015, what we'll do there is probably have a little bit of headwind in there. We won't expect as much of a contribution in 2015 as we would have in '14. And all of the forecast we have given you does impact -- does consider all the currency changes we do have.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Andrew. This is Cliff. I think in terms of where we're at today in the market compared to where we thought we would be at the beginning of the year, we're pleased with where we stand today. We believe that the market has grown a lot over last year. There's still a lot of awareness that's being generated in the market. So it is a nice additional market for us to be involved in, and we do feel good about where we're at today.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it’s the PND volume declines and the mix of PND changes with the overall segment. Definitely, OEM and Mobile will contribute more in terms of their margin profile. In terms of the PND-specific product category, we feel like those margin structures have been relatively stable in the product category and we feel like they're performing as we expected.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. So quite a few things there. I'll probably start with the seasonality question. It is normal for this market to be seasonal like every other market, and we feel like the sequential drop from Q2 to Q3 was within our expectations. So we don't see anything there that stands out as a difference from what we've seen in the past. In terms of the price cuts, those are normal pricing actions that we have planned around leading up into the holiday season and around our promotional activities. And in terms of next year, we're not in a position to really provide specific guidance. But in terms of where we stand with our product positioning, we feel good about where we stand today, both in terms of what we're offering as well as the product road map that we have.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, in terms of the subcategories of these 2 different segments, every segment has categories of products that have higher- or lower-margin profiles, so we don't really view what's happening in Outdoor in the action camera space as well as Fitness in the tracker space as anything unusual in terms of what we see overall in these segments. I think from an elasticity point of view, and I think you're probably referring specifically to the tracker market, I think the market is very new. And so we, like many others, are learning in terms of what seasonal demands are and what the elasticity will be. We're promoting the category heavily and as a result, we expect that we'll be able to perform well in the fourth quarter with our advertising.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, as the markets mature, the seasonality impacts of fourth quarter have been more muted, so we're conservatively counting on a more muted response this year as well. But it's all baked into the overall guidance that we provided.
Clifton A. Pemble: Again, we've treated this market conservatively over the past couple of years, recognizing that it can surprise in terms of overall demand, so -- but we feel like retailers are looking at the category very realistically, and our guidance factors in that realistic view.
Clifton A. Pemble: So Marine pricing is very competitive. There's definitely several players that are promoting quality products at value prices. And some of the markets that we are penetrating, including the inland fishing market is very competitive. So we would expect that the pricing environment is challenging. And as a result, the margin impact is definitely a factor. We would anticipate as we roll out new products on a regular basis that we should be able to bring our margins up incrementally from where they're at. But because of the competitive environment, it may not be to the high levels that we've seen several years ago.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Fusion was definitely the biggest contributor to that growth. Our other categories, our organic categories, were more flat year-over-year. But the reason for that is that last year, we were doing a lot of sell promotion on some end-of-life products, particularly our 700 series of chartplotters. So as a result of those factors, we were more or less flat year-over-year, but we felt good based on the strong performance we had last year with end-of-life.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, James. So in terms of Auto OEM, we view this as a long-term investment. We've been pleased with the progress that we've made. So far, the progress is admittedly incremental, but it's a very, very challenging market with a lot of incumbent suppliers. But we still believe that we have value that we bring to the table that automakers are interested in as evidenced by some of our recent wins. So I think as far as what we're doing there, we're still approaching the market with a pragmatic kind of investment and growing it as we go. In terms of the dollar impact, I think the biggest impact there is going to be the potential revenue headwind that occurs with the strengthening dollar. In terms of demand, there's typically some second-order effects that occur as pricing is adjusted over time, but we feel like the most immediate impact will be the revenue impact.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think one of the bigger impacts that we've had, Charlie, is the release of new products, particularly the S6, and we're also doing very well in the other wearable categories of the market, and dog products are also doing very well. This is hunting season time. So those are things that impacted us in Q3, and we would anticipate Q4 is a little more consistent with last year in terms of overall revenue levels because that seasonality is winding down.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we don't have specifics, but I would say that our profile is that we always are looking for adjacent categories in each of these segments to help grow them incrementally.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So we don't have projections yet formulated for 2015. We're really looking at how Q4 performs to really put all of our views together there. I would say, though, that you're right in terms of where we are today versus last year and the years before, that we do see some moderation in the bigger markets. Particularly, the Europe market has been flatter. Some countries are doing very well, in fact, even show some value-oriented growth in the market, whereas other countries are not doing as well, but on balance, it has moderated a lot. In the U.S. market, there's definitely been some moderation from our more conservative views. But still, it's decelerating at a rate that's faster than what Europe is.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Obviously, there's not as much runway from 85% to 100% as what there was from 50% to 85%, but we feel like we're in a very strong position in the market. We feel like a lot of the smaller players have kind of exited the U.S. market. So that leaves us in a strong position there. And in Europe, we have increasing gains there and we're in the kind of the mid-30s range in terms of market share and growing, so we see some offsetting effect there.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So the action camera market, as we updated you in Q2, it's been a market for us that's new revenue, new opportunity. Obviously, I think our views at the beginning of the year in terms of our potential for success were higher than where we've ended up today, but it's still a category where we feel like we have differentiators and thus, we're continuing to invest at a pragmatic rate to be able to develop new products and continue to grow share in the market. In terms of inventory, we feel like that situation is manageable at this point. It's again a product category that's not huge compared to PND. So consequently, I think all of that’s manageable. In terms of new products, we're constantly working on our product road maps. We don't have anything specific that we would share at this time in terms of action cameras, but we are continuing to invest.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think in terms of hurdles, company -- any auto company, but particularly one like Honda, is very particular about their suppliers, and they're looking for quality and stability and value in what they're offering their customers. And so we were able to meet those objectives that they were looking for and we feel like it speaks to the overall quality of our solutions and our reputation in the industry.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think momentum, it always helps when you're collecting a large number of very prestigious brands that you're serving. So in our case, we're also on Daimler. We work with BMW, now Honda. So we feel very good about the customer list that we have in addition to the ones that we've had for a while now like Chrysler.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I think normally, as I mentioned before, the market is seasonal. So people are winding down some of their purchasing that goes on in the spring and early summertime. So Q3 is seasonal, and it does not surprise us what we saw in terms of the overall quarter. I would remind you in terms of Q4 and our outlook there, we're factoring in the impacts of last year's successful launch of the Forerunner 620 and 220. And so there are some year-over-year comparisons that are stronger there.
Clifton A. Pemble: We feel like there's really no change in terms of our outlook on the category size in terms of our market share. We do see positive indications that our share is increasing somewhere in the mid-teens range.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think Connect IQ is in response to a lot of requests that we get from customers and partners who want a way to be able to expand the utility of our wearable devices but don't currently have a way to do that. So Connect IQ provides that opportunity for people to be able to expand the utility beyond just what we offer in our markets. In terms of how we're positioning that, we're not putting that up against the big open players that are out there. That's not our objective at all. But we do feel like there's a strong desire for people to be able to customize their watches and to be able to expand the utility.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I think in terms of our outlook, we're really only providing consolidated guidance for 2014, but Aviation is a market where it's a very long investment cycle, and we continue to invest in the market in order to be able to bring new opportunities and revenue and growth in the future. But at the moment, we feel like we're positioned well and we feel like the momentum is good.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we've been running some TV campaigns here in the U.S. and we'll start in Europe as well. So that's driving some additional investments there. We've been focused for the year on improving our point-of-sale, and that has also increased some of our marketing expenses. We feel like we're positioned well at this point and there's more work to do as we go into 2015, but a lot of improvement so far in 2014.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. Again, I think our outlook at this point is good for the near term. As I mentioned in the previous question, we continue to invest in opportunities that will lead to long-term sustained growth. In terms of the industry, we feel like there's some signs of incremental growth off of the lows that we've been seeing. Some aircraft categories are actually recovered and doing very well. Others are still very depressed, but they're at least off of their loads. So we feel like right now the overall environment is better than it has been.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I think they're positive about the category. They see it as an opportunity for growth. It's really in line with the expectations that we’ve had. Many retailers are investing in more floor space and advertising in the category. So at this point, I would say that their reaction and their response to this is what we expected.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. There's probably a mix of scenarios there. In some cases, it's been a shorter cycle in terms of award to market. In other cases, it can be a very long cycle depending on how much new design work is going on in the hardware side of the equation. Remember, our software has to run and be involved in an overall system. And so consequently, there can be a lot of factors that impact the time-to-market.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. In terms of vívofit, we feel good about where we're at with the channels. I think we're in pretty much every channel that we would expect to be in at this point. And there's new channels that are being opened up for this category that wouldn't otherwise be carrying an electronic product in more of our traditional markets. So there's some expansion that goes on there. In terms of vívosmart, it does just roll off of exclusivity now. So it's expanding to new channels, and that's happening at a good rate. I think there's been a good response to the product, and so there's a lot of retailers that want to carry it around the globe.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. It's rolling out now. I think really it's going to be limited more by product quantity availability than it is by channel.
Clifton A. Pemble: It is no question this category is drawing a lot of interest from people. It's a category that we really pioneered and innovated in over the years. So there's many new players getting into that, and we would expect many more that aren't necessarily visible at this moment. In terms of our product road map and aligning that with what's available and announced to be available from competition, we feel good about our positioning. And in terms of specific features like the wrist-based heart rate, that’s definitely a new innovation, which is maturing in terms of its technical capabilities. We definitely see differences in terms of accuracy for certain kinds of athletes who are interested in that. But we also see opportunity where the technology is maturing and is something that we will be offering in our product lines as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: We have not typically broken it out. I would say though that some of the trends that I mentioned earlier in the OEM market are carrying over to the retrofit market where we're seeing retrofit equipment demand increasing as people are getting back to flying, they're updating their aircraft, they're getting ready for things like the NextGen mandate. So we feel good about what's happening in the industry across the board.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, we've not ever broken out our sales funnel, so I probably won't comment on the dynamics of that.
