Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, I think, for outdoor and marine, the first quarter tends to be the lowest quarter particularly in outdoor and marine it's a little higher. Aviation is more sequential. In aviation, we did see some benefit from increased mandate activity, some of which are expiring. So, just looking forward, we felt like it's best to maintain where we're at until we have more clarity around second quarter.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, definitely the demographics are changing, particularly around the fēnix 5S model, which was designed specifically around the female adventure audience. And the data we're getting back through our online registrations and of course our cloud platform, Garmin Connect, suggests that we're being very successful with that.
Clifton A. Pemble: No, I wouldn't say it's due to shortness at all. We are preparing for what has become – Q2 has become nearly as big as Q4 in terms of its overall contribution. And we do have some new product ramps such as the fēnix 5, which are driving additional inventory. I think our goal is to have in-stock situation, so that we can ship to any customer that wants our products during high season. And we'll continue to manage it pragmatically then throughout the rest of the year.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, on the memory prices, definitely, there's a tighter market and prices have been going up. We have some longer term buying arrangements that have allowed us to continue at more favorable pricing during the first part of the year. We do expect to see some impact towards the later half of the year, but we think the impact will be minimal. In terms of ad spending, Q1, we basically have reserved a lot of our activity until Q2. So, I would expect that to increase sequentially and possibly a little year-over-year as well. But since Q2 is one of the higher quarters, we're going to be promoting our more popular wearables particularly during the quarter.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, we were pleased. We outperformed our expectations for sure and, as I mentioned, there is some mandates particularly around EMS helicopters that drove some sales, plus we did have very popular aftermarket products that also performed well along with ADS-B.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, just to clarify, fitness consists of both the wearable fitness trackers as well as the running watches and then bike. But in terms of overall, its contribution, we saw sharply lower revenues in the quarter and offset by very strong growth in the running products.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think – we don't break it out by segment for sure but as we expected when we came into Q1 based on what we saw in the latter half of 2016, activity trackers were down sharply. I think there's probably lots of different reasons for that and I think there'll be obviously more color around that even as we move through the day. But it seems like there's a lot of inventory in the channel particularly with market leaders that's being worked through. And as that clears and as new products get in such as our vívosmart 3, we believe that it will moderate as the year goes forward.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, we have a strong roadmap on the basic trackers, as we've evidenced by the release of our initial products this year. We have additional products coming but obviously, we're taking a pragmatic approach to the investment and applying it where we see the most opportunity.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think definitely we're pleased with the initial response, and it's not just a matter of low supply, we've been delivering in very nice quantities, for sure. But the orders and the reorders have been very strong. So, it's going to take some time to work through all of the orders that we have.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, it'll definitely mix up because the higher-end devices tend to have the higher gross margin. So, we would expect it will have an overall positive impact on gross margin percentage and operating margin percentage.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think our product lines particularly in marine and also I mentioned some strength in aviation too, but our product lines are very strong. We've been keeping them fresh and, as a result, we believe that customers are seeing the value and the differentiation that Garmin brings to the market. Keep in mind, these are both very niche segments, without a lot of dynamics in terms of the overall channel and the consumer. So, consequently, I think obviously there's some limit to what the potential growth trajectory looks like over the long term. But our goal is to be the market share leader and to continue to be able to grow with the market.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think a lot of it's going to depend again on product and segment mix. In Q1, we had the benefit of higher than expected growth in marine and aviation, which mixed to be overall consolidated up more. As we move into Q2, which is seasonally higher and sequentially higher, we'll see how that mix develops both in terms of segments and products.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, we really didn't pre-announce any of the products in Q1. We were basically ready to ship when we announce the products. So, we didn't see any market impact from announcements that impacted order. That said with the new products, we've seen excitement around those and we're encouraged by the follow-through in the market on these new products.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, on the OEM side of aviation, I would say, it's business as usual from what we've been reporting for a while now. The overall OEM side of the business as has been widely reported by many players has been kind of lethargic in terms of the market. We're doing, I would say, okay. But, we kind of move along with the ups and downs of our OEM partners. We do have the benefit of some newer platforms that we're still comp-ing against from last year. So, that's an incremental benefit but in general OEM continues to be somewhat sluggish.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, Ben, in terms of impact from the Apple Watch, we are also seeing steep growth in our advanced wearable category. It doesn't seem to us that there is an impact from the Apple Watch. We have said before that we believe the customer-base for the Apple Watch versus our devices are slightly different. So consequently, I think we're seeing a strong performance and even some pull through from their success as people see the opportunity for improved health and for pursuing active lifestyles. And they probably recognize then that Garmin offers strong products for those pursuits.
Clifton A. Pemble: We don't break it out by product categories. But we were pleased with what we're able to deliver in Q1.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, let's say, it's still a very large market. It's still a market that is adjacent to our interest in the overall active lifestyles. And so, it's an area that we still have a lot of interest in.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So, DeLorme is actually recognized in the outdoor segment and the majority of our growth in outdoor was driven by wearables with less than half of that really coming from DeLorme.
