Clifton Pemble: Yeah, good morning, Paul. I think in Aviation, we've been able to build the revenue that was vacated by the ADS-B mandate through a couple of things. We have new product lines such as our Autopilot systems, which as we certify each new aircraft, we are able to offer a totally new product category to that particular group of aircraft that are out there. So we're definitely gaining share as a new product category in autopilots.  And then indicators, the stand-alone indicators, our GI 275 as well as our G5 and our standalone GPS NAVCOM products, the GTN series have been very strong in this environment where people are retrofitting their planes. As far as the forward look, we're not really ready to talk about 2023, but aviation, of course, will be a market where the operating profit is driven by the investments we have to make. And so as new programs come along, which tend to be long life cycle, we sometimes have to invest in advance. So that's one variable that we'll look at as we think about our 2023 guidance and then also the sales volume will drive leverage. And so again, we're not quite there yet in terms of talking about 2023, but those are factors we'll consider.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. So in terms of Fitness, FX definitely did impact us. I think in terms of the improvement we saw, it would be primarily due to product mix as we had new products in the segment. Our running categories, in particular, have been very strong with the release of the 255 and 955 series.  In terms of a particular target, I think where we landed in Q3 was actually where historically, we've kind of targeted in terms of mindset around what is the performance of this segment. Fitness is a more competitive segment due to the advanced wellness wearables, so that mid-teens kind of range for operating margin is actually a very good result and that will fluctuate up and down depending on promotions and on product cycles. In terms of competition, we're always mindful of that. We still believe, even with the release of the Apple Ultra and the Google Pixel that we have unique differentiators, not the least of which is some of our products are able to have 25 times the battery life of of those devices. So that's a significant advantage, and we're more oriented to the unique needs of our users around activity and adventure. So we continue to believe that we can carve out unique spaces for ourselves there, and we don't believe that we're losing market share in light of that.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. Right now, I would say that we feel like channel inventory is mostly at reasonable levels. The one exception to that has been the indoor cycling trainers, which the channel is full of trainers from all manufacturers, not just a garment specific thing because of the shift from indoor cycling training during the pandemic to more outdoor cycling training. So that's the one area that the market is continuing to work through. But in general, we feel like the levels are mostly good. The one thing that is a factor out there, as we look forward and really kind of difficult to predict how it will go. But retailers generally have inventory of lots of different things right now. So as they move into Q4, many have signaled that they're promoting. And so as we look at Q4 we'll be looking for signals around open-to-buy dollars and promotions that they're willing to do given their overall inventory picture.
Clifton Pemble: I think we do have some flexibility around OpEx, particularly in the areas of advertising and some of the discretionary areas I think that slowing some of the other things in terms of R&D commitments are more difficult or take more time to really see the result. We do have a list of priorities that we've vetted and we're committed to, regardless of the environment so that we can grow for the future.  But right now, I would say that we're taking a generally cautious wait-and-see view about how things go, and we're being very careful with how we spend and grow our headcounts.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. I think we are typically seeing still the majority of customers coming into our platforms as new to Garmin customers. So there's certainly an element that is people that buy a second device or a new device of some kind. And there's some secondary market for our devices as well. So they might sell them on online, and then we give a new customer to reduce device. But in general, it's still slightly over a majority of those customers are new to Garmin.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. So last year, we did feel like we had availability when many others did not due to supply chain issues even so, I think we were still limited on some of the things that we could supply and some of our deliveries came very late in the quarter, which might have missed the overall holiday season. So there was a lot of dynamics last year that we won't comp this year because things are more normal. And of course, we'll have to wait and see how the customer responds in Q4 to the holiday buying season. In terms of our partners, like I mentioned earlier, I think what they call open-to-buy dollars in the retail channel is something that's really important retailers do have a lot of inventory of many different things. And so they're balancing what to bring in based on what they think will sell well. and they can maximize their results as well. So it's a little bit different environment this year because last year was all about getting anything they could and this year is all about selling the right things.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah, good morning, Ivan, I would say, generally, we're always looking at new category opportunities. So index has been a great category for us as a wellness device on the scale first, and the blood pressure monitor has been a delightful surprise in terms of the interest that we've had in that and we quickly sold out what we had on hand and looking for more deliveries. So we're excited about that, and we're constantly looking at new categories to grow our business.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. I don't have specific stats in front of me on that. We do see that and track it. It's at a level less than what I mentioned earlier in terms of just people that are buying another Garmin device, but I don't have those specific stats in front of me.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. Good morning, Erik. So geopolitical risks have been something we've dealt with since the beginning of the company. They're really not new. They tend to be shifting around the globe as things evolve. In terms of looking at new capacity, I mean, we've demonstrated recently that we have the ability and the expertise to stand up new factories in new regions such as our automotive OEM factory in Poland. We, several years ago, created a factory in China. So we have that diversity, and we're able to quickly stand up capacity where we need it. So we just constantly look at that and evaluate what our needs are.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. I think this question of volume versus pricing, that's always the big question as you think about pricing your products and running promotions. And the name of the game is maximizing. For us, we always want to maximize the profit dollars for Garmin that allows us to be successful. So it's a big question, and I don't think anyone has a magic way to do it, but we try to balance all of those factors and also take into account the availability of products in various stages of life cycle that we can promote the older ones, for example, and allows us to keep the pricing on the newer products higher.
Erik Woodring: Yeah, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess maybe, Cliff, I'll start with you, maybe just a high-level question. And that is, how do you discount or consider geopolitical risk and how that influences your manufacturing footprint? And are there any regions that you'd target as a potential source of new capacity? Or is the premise of that question, some of that a lot. And then I have a backup. Thanks.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just digging into the consumer-facing businesses that you have -- is there any way you can help us kind of understand here in the back half of the year, how we should think about volume versus pricing and which one is a more significant driver of growth or limiting declines versus the other? And then one more. Thanks.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's helpful. And then last question for me, maybe this is for Doug. It's just really nice performance on the margin side, both gross and operating. Maybe if we just stick on the gross side. Can you maybe list from most to least impactful kind of the upside versus downside headwind versus tailwind drivers for the nice margin performance this quarter? And then just kind of second to that, it's just maybe helping us understand what percentage of COGS is in Taiwan dollars versus U.S. dollars. And that's it from me.
