Kevin S. Rauckman: Thank you, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our financial results and then move to summary comments on both the balance sheet and the cash flow. So we posted revenue of $583 million for the quarter, with pro forma net income of $108 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.55 per share, excluding the FX gain in during the quarter. Our revenue represents an increase of 10% year-over-year, as previously highlighted by Cliff. Gross margin was strong at 57%, a 480-basis-point increase from prior year, driven by the segment mix with improved margins in each segment and the amortization of previously deferred revenues. Operating margin was 21%, an increase of 560 basis points from the prior year. This is the result of the gross margin favorability of 480 basis points, as well as the operating expense favorability of 80 basis points. The total operating expenses did increase by $14 million, or 7%. Each of the operating expense categories will be discussed in detail on a later slide. Our effective tax rate increased to 16.6% in the quarter, with the prior year rate positively impacted by a $6.3 million benefit from the retroactive reinstatement of the Federal R&D tax credit, which again expired at the end of December 2013. Our pro forma EPS, which is adjusted for the foreign currency gains, $0.55 representing a 38% increase year-over-year. And we shipped 2.5 million units during the quarter, basically flat from our 2013 results. Total company average selling price was $234 per unit, up 10% from $213 in Q1 2013, driven primarily by the segment mix and reduced revenue deferrals. Next, you can see how our first quarter revenue breaks down by segment. I'd just like to briefly highlight the charts on this page, which illustrate the Auto/Mobile segment representing 43% of our total revenue during Q1 of 2014, as each of the non-Auto/Mobile segments grew double digits during the quarter. You can see from the profitability mix by segment that our non-Auto/Mobile segments delivered 75% of operating income in the quarter, equivalent to Q1 2013 due to the margin improvement in Auto/Mobile. I'd like to briefly discuss the year-over-year gross margin changes by segment. Auto/Mobile gross margin increased 47% from 42% in the prior year due primarily to the amortization of higher margins, deferred revenues. In addition, we posted gross margin improvement in each of the non-Auto/Mobile segments. This margin improvement was primarily related to product mix shifting toward new products in Marine, Outdoor and Fitness. In addition, ASP improvement also contributed in Marine and Outdoor, and Aviation margin improvement was primarily due to increased software sales. Total corporate operating margin improved to 21% due to the increased gross margin and revenue growth outpacing the 7% growth of operating expenses, which I will highlight next. Our Q1 operating expenses increased by $14 million, or 7%, on a year-over-year basis in Q1, while decreasing 80 basis points as a percentage of sales, as revenue growth outpaced expense growth. R&D increased $8 million year-over-year while remaining consistent year-over-year at 16.5% sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce with resources focused on Aviation, Outdoor and Fitness segments. Our advertising spending increased $2 million over the year ago quarter, while being consistent as a percentage of sales. The additional spending was focused in Outdoor and Marine to support new products and categories. We will continue to manage advertising expenses by segment to match the market opportunities presented by our diverse products. And SG&A was up $4 million compared to the year ago quarter, decreasing 80 basis points as a percentage of sales. We'll continue to manage these expense -- these costs to align with the changing dynamics of our business. And finally, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $427 million following the holiday quarter. Our inventory balance increased to $442 million on a sequential basis, as we built inventory levels to support the launch of new product categories and in preparation for the seasonally stronger second quarter. We continued to generate strong free cash flow across our business as cash from operations was $71 million during Q1, FX was $15 million. Therefore we generated free cash of $56 million in the quarter. And we also repurchased $33 million in company stock and now have $208 million still authorized to repurchase through December of 2014. This ends our formal remarks on Q1 results. Operator, please open the phone lines for questions at this time.
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, we do have expected higher deferred revenue in Q1 because of this being a seasonally weaker period. So the -- so really wasn't any major changes to what we've deferred from the past. And I think, as we go through the year, will see less of a dramatic impact as what we have in Q1.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, I think what you're getting at is you want us to document what our Auto OEM businesses is. We just don't make that public. But I would just say the Auto OEM revenues did grow, and we're still expecting our units decline in PND to be around 17% year-over-year, which is what, what we've said in the past. And as we go forth through the full year, I think you'll see our Auto/Mobile segment in total still come down between 10% and 15% on revenue. So really no major changes from what we communicated at the last quarterly earnings call.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think, as Cliff commented, we got off on to a really good start with vívofit. We believe the market is sizable market, roughly about 10 million -- probably about close to 10 million units this year. So being a new player in the Fitness area, the Fitness activity trackers, this is a key part of our growth business in our Fitness segment. However I do want to also just remind people that, while vívofit got off to a great start, the rest of our fitness business also did well, especially in the running category.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we were seeing both. I mean, we've introduced, for example, the recent Forerunner 220 and 620, which have done very well, which is the watch category and that, of course, the vívofit being the band, we think there's a lot of upside there too. so I think, there -- it's not either/or, it's -- we're going to get both from -- growth from both of those sub-segments.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, it's very interesting. EMEA did well across all of the different segments. I think, the one -- maybe the one positive surprise is the PND decline in EMEA was a little bit lower than what we had anticipated going in, that even in the Outdoor, the Fitness and the Marine businesses all did well in Europe.
Kevin S. Rauckman: And maybe a follow-up. We're just a couple of months into the sell-in of the vívofit and backlogs have continued to remain pretty strong. So we'll have to -- continue to manage that as we go forward in the next couple of quarters. But so far, the trends looks pretty positive.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it's all 3, it's all of the above. I think when you see a 19% growth rate, that's above what our full year guidance is. It's a very of much volume dependent business and since we have strong revenue growth that helps. But our gross margins also grew and then pricing and the new business opportunities, I think are -- has helped us hit 30%. So we want to be, I think, cautious in the fact that we were excited about that type of profitability, but it doesn't necessarily mean it's a trend. We'll have to just see how Aviation progresses throughout the rest of this year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it is similar to that because Q1 being our lightest quarter from a PND shipment, and that has an impact on the results. And so we are -- we also hit a threshold were about 80% of all of our PND units now have lifetime map, lifetime traffic, so we defer that percentage. That really hasn't changed. As we go through Q2, Q3 and Q4, we should see a decrease in the amount of amortized revenues that we're going to experience. So I think, it's pretty -- I think you're trend is probably pretty close.
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, we really won't break it down below that. I think, the PND still makes up the vast majority of our Auto/Mobile segments and Auto OEM, obviously, as we said, did grow, and then you mentioned dash cam, that those are more, I would say, niche opportunities for us to grow that segment, but we don't -- we won't quantify how much that is.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Just to clarify, Tavis, you want question on the Auto OEM. Let me just make sure everybody understands the revenue recognition. We recognize revenue on any of our Auto OEM deals on a vehicle-by-vehicle. So for Mercedes, for example, we take revenue for the number of cars that they're selling, and it's not one lump sum payment that we get, it's vehicle-by-vehicle.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, actually the first quarter impact was about $0.16 after net income tax effect. So as I said earlier, we're expecting that number to decline over the next couple of quarters. So there's really no major change from our earlier expectations of up to as much as $0.30 for the year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we would just -- it's hard to predict what the rest of the year is going to look like. But we have been in the market pretty much every day, so we will likely be more aggressive, as we said earlier, to buy back stock this year. Whether we get all the way through it, it's hard to predict at this point.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think if you look at the entire categories of our Outdoor segment, dog tracking and training, the golf products, just the traditional handhelds markets. Excluding the VIRB, those are all very high margin products. So, we -- that's really what drove the operating result -- operating margin results for the quarter. In terms of your question on full year guidance as we said earlier, we're not planning to give any adjustment to our earlier expectations. Outdoor came in at plus 10%. We've said 10% to 15% for the full year, so we will plan to update not only our total company but also the Outdoor segment after Q2.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, no real changes to the inventory cycles. PND is a matured business. We're very much watching both sell-in and sell-through, we don't have any major risks there. And inventory in general, I think, the key driver of our inventory increase was really preparing ourselves for the, as I said, seasonally strong Q2 with bringing to market like vívofit, the marine products and others.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, I think we did raise our expectation on CapEx because of the $15 million in Q1 to probably closer to $60 million for the year. And we are investing in several areas, we're investing in a few facilities, but also surface map technology to production lines to capture these opportunities like vívofit. So there's several factors that, that's what's driving a slight increase in our CapEx expectations.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, first of all, we haven't really changed our expectation of free cash flows, so we're still expecting in between $550 million and $600 million, which is what we stated at the beginning -- at our last earnings call. And in terms of buyback, I think, we're like many other investors, we're price-sensitive but we're also wanting to be more aggressive to use our cash to -- from a dilutive effect to take some of the shares out of the market. So I think we've proven on the last couple of quarters that we're willing to buy consistently, like I said, we've been in the market pretty much every day since our last earnings announcement. So we'll see how that progresses throughout 2014.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Okay. I think that is -- that concludes the questions for the day. So we want to thank everyone again for your contribution and for your questions. And look forward to updating you as we go through the remainder of the year. Thanks very much.
Clifton A. Pemble: Mark, I think as I mentioned in my remarks, we know that the market is mature, and we know that there's entrenched competitors in the market, and therefore it does take some time to penetrate the market, we're viewing this as a marathon rather than a sprint. And so, as I mentioned, we're increasing our promotional activities, we're also increasing our R&D activities to be able to have a robust product pipeline. At this stage, we're focusing on our existing offerings, and I think in the future we'll have additional innovations that we'll bring into market.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think those markets, John, have been down anywhere from 40% to 50% at -- from their highest to their lowest. They're coming off of their lows from where they were, but, obviously, and speaking just generally about industry, the industry took a massive hit as part of the financial crisis. We've been able to outperform that market by taking share, as well as new product offerings that are stimulating demand in those areas.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I mentioned in my remarks that the first quarter of this year was strong, and compared to last year, it was a very weak comparable. So going forward, we do face the stronger comparables of last year that we're comping against.
Clifton A. Pemble: We don't have any substantial information we can share at this time. We continue to manage a robust pipeline of business development. And we do have progress that we're making in the segment as well, with our credibility as a Tier 1 software and infotainment supplier. So it's a slow-moving industry, but in general, I feel positive about the progress we've made to date.
Clifton A. Pemble: Generally speaking, we're trying to manage the investment within the sales growth that we're experiencing. Obviously, in some areas that are very new, we have to ramp it up much more aggressively. But on average, that's what we're trying to accomplish.
Clifton A. Pemble: I feel that our deployment in mass market is probably light, compared to where we had wished to be. I think we're in a few of the smaller Outdoor retail stores, but we have yet to get placement in some of the larger big box retailers. And so product placement has obviously been an issue. As well as, as I mentioned before, I think the existence of entrenched competitors in this market is a factor.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I think our -- as you point out, our sell-in on vívofit has just started partially in the quarter. It's still very early in the life cycle of this product and in the year, but I would say that we're encouraged by the sell-through reports that we're hearing from the field. I think, as Kevin mentioned, our strongest contributor to growth in the Fitness segment was our strong running product line and, of course, those have been out now for a while. And there's really no issue of sell-in, sell-through going on there. We feel like it's strong demand from customers that are pulling that product through.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it depends on what your time frame is for how you evaluate, whether it's short-term or long-term. The way we see it is that the market has experienced a lot of challenging conditions and competitors are vying for the business that's there and that's put pressure on pricing. We're seeing, as you've seen in our results, the margins come up as we've introduced new products and innovations. So we feel like over the long-term, it can move back towards where we were, but we are not, at this point, overly optimistic that, that will come in the short-term.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. So we feel like the market is very fragmented, as you pointed out, but we entered these markets with the intention of being leaders. We are cautious in terms of how much market share that we can get in both the short-term and the long-term, if the market's very fragmented. Our experience in the PND market is that, in a highly fragmented and growing market, your ability to capture large amount of shares early is more challenging. But we again, feel like this is a market where we offer a lot of value and capability and, therefore, we're going to be continuing to work on our innovation and the products that we're offering.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think, really no specifics at this time. We continue to search for opportunities in closely related adjacent spaces to where we are. And as you know, many of our businesses are niche focused in general, and so we're continuing to search for those kinds of opportunities.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it probably requires more than just that. Of course, that would be helpful but the retrofit market needs to continue to perform well. And again, from our expense point of view, we're growing R&D and we're also comping against Qs 2 through 4 last year which were very strong. So I think all of those are factors that are in the mix.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think for the traditional businesses and product segments that we served in Fitness and Outdoor, we still target the margin profile that we've historically had in those businesses with gross margins, in the 60s range and the operating margins in the 30s arrange. As those market segments have new categories and also there's some expansion of the market size as we move down to more beginning customers, if you will, especially in Fitness, the margin profile will definitely come down. Especially in the Fitness market, as the wellness market gets competitive and pricing we would expect to come down in the long-term. That will tend to weigh on the margins in Fitness.
Clifton A. Pemble: No, it's really, I would call it, opportunities and the ability to penetrate new segments in the market and serve more customers.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, you're probably touching on a couple of different dynamics there. The action camera market has existed for several years now. And so right now, there's really no credible documentation on what the market size is and what the growth is. But it would appear to us based on the fact that these devices are used in a lot of highly active, extreme lifestyles that the market, being in existence for a while, is probably more in a flatter growth right now than hyper growth type of a mode. And that's one dynamic. But in terms of share, that's a different dynamic. Yes, it's true that we do serve all those different markets, and we do see strong interest and acceptance of our product, particularly in those niche market areas like aviation and marine where we are very strong. And so we see encouraging signs there. Whereas a lot of the more mass market distribution and the mass market customer is weaker than we like. So those are really the dynamics around the comments that I made.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, clearly, Fitness has performed very, very well, and so that was 1 driver. I think Auto/Mobile is our largest segment, performed ahead of our expectations and made big differences there as well. Aviation performed well. So I'd say those are top 3 and, of course, we're pleased with our performance in Marine as well, and Outdoor did, respectively. So across the board, we feel positive about the results.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think out of the gate, we were able to secure a lot of strong distribution for this product. So we feel very good about where we're at. We still feel like there's more doors to capture. And many of those retailers where we're currently not positioned are planning for resets in the future. Let's say, by the summer time frame and into the fall, we should be at a point where we feel like we're at full presence in the market.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think there's still some uncertainty around the planning on the OEM side because of the market conditions. The business jet market remains weak as we've been saying and so we simply need to watch, as the year goes along, to see how the OEM sales follow through.
