Cliff Pemble: In terms of the aviation environment, I think we're all seeing that it's incrementally better. Of course we’re coming off a very low bottom and the numbers are somewhat smaller in terms of the overall growth. But I think most in the industry are very encouraged by that. In terms of its sustainability, I think things look good for the foreseeable future. Somebody recently commented to me though that some of these markets like aviation, marine are one economic bump away from downturn. So we have to recognize that they are somewhat fragile due to their nature. But in general, we feel good about that. In terms of ADS-B and which year would be the peak year, we would certainly see acceleration in unit deliveries going forward. I think I would anticipate that 2019 would probably be even bigger than 2018 as people get serious about retrofitting their aircraft, but it's still somewhat early days and the number of aircrafts that have been equipped so far is still on the low side, less than half. So we're waiting to see more people step forward.
Cliff Pemble: So we believe so, that's in our plan. We believe this fēnix line is generally very strong and we have product roadmaps that allow us to be able to bring in our newer products, such as the fēnix 5 and to be able to offer some discounting on the older products, which helps to promote them and sell more volumes. So in general, we feel like the ASP situation is fairly stable.
Cliff Pemble: So the 645 is eminent, we're making our final adjustment on some features and performance. So that should be coming very soon. With vívomove HR, we took a very conservative view of that as we launched the product based on our experience on the original Vivomove, which was more of a niche product. But we've been pleasantly surprised by the reception to the vívomove HR. So we've been chasing supply chain and trying to increase our volumes on that product as well. So we feel pretty good about that as a contributor but we've not been able to supply all the demand.
Cliff Pemble: I can’t really comment on the timing of introductions, so we do have a very active roadmap of new wearables that are coming in 2018 and beyond. So we're still very much developing the product line and introducing new products and features.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think we said in our comments that the primary driver of the growth is certainly fēnix as it's grown in the overall contribution to the segment. It's the single largest product category within the segment. But in terms of the details around new product contributions and such we won't comment on that.
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly we will be competing against tougher numbers in the fourth quarter of 2018 as we anniversary the launch of quite a few new products in the advanced wearable wellness category, as well as vívomove HR and others. But in general, we anticipate that the advanced wearables will do well throughout the year and then our big headwind will be the basic trackers.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think there's always risk in any of these consumer market, so for sure that's something that we're aware of. We believe the market though is still doing well and we believe there's opportunity for additional innovation and new products that can come to the market.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think, we're lapping against a very strong launch of the fēnix 5, which drove significant growth during 2017. So we're looking at 2018 and trying to be realistic about the overall growth prospects there and trying to make sure that we can deliver on what we say.
Cliff Pemble: Maybe I'll talk about the gross margins first of all. As I've mentioned, the gross margin consolidates really from a segment mix standpoint, so we're anticipating relatively comparable maybe a few puts and takes for each one of the segments that are out there. As relates to OpEx, what we'll see there is actually investment in where we have our advanced wearables, primarily in the outdoor area. Also, you have the Aviation we'll make R&D investments in there too. So given the decline that we're seeing in the auto areas hopefully we're looking at tightening up those expenses in those area. Then as relates to advertising as we looked at 2017, we actually cut back on our advertising in the fitness area related activity trackers so we'll need to look at that where we really have some of the more advanced wearable the products like the fēnix.
Cliff Pemble: Our view is that most of that is really associated with the market trends that customers are moving towards more advanced wearables. And so consequently, the basic market has matured and is declining rapidly. So our share assumptions are pretty equal to what they've been in the past and the basic side we've typically said that on a global basis, roughly 10% market share as we look across the universe of what's going on around the world. In terms of impact on Forerunner that falls into our advanced category, so that's the area where we still see opportunity and we still see people moving towards the more advanced products. In the case of Forerunner, it’s more technical runners but in the case of our vívoactive active line, which is GPS enabled smart watches, those are the folks that are coming off the basic trackers into a more advanced product.
Cliff Pemble: We’re getting this feedback and much as the work of selling into these automakers is to demonstrate capability. And so I think the news you've been seeing from us is surrounding more of that prototyping and predevelopment work. We're getting good feedback from them but in terms of specific announcements, we can't comment on that right now.
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly I think any opportunity around Boeing would certainly be hypothetical. I would say that our G 5000 system is as you have said Part 25 certified and we feel like it's the major building block that we need in order to be able to serve more advance applications such as regional and commercial aviation. But in terms of investing in specific opportunity like that, it would require a significant investment in order to be able to build up the other infrastructure we would need in the company to be able to serve a player like that. We're certainly prepared in it and taking steps to do that. But again, it would be driven by specific opportunities.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so in terms of any hypothetical partnerships between Embraer and Boeing, I would say certainly we feel like we're well positioned, because of our experience with Embraer. As I mentioned, we've been winning consistently supplier awards with Embraer so they seem to be happy with what we're doing. But again, it's all hypothetical because I think any particular partnership on their part would consider all the factors they have in hand at that time. In terms of timing and size of investment, really not prepared to be able to comment on that. But as I said, I think there would be work to do and we're certainly able to and willing to make those investments.
Doug Boessen: So Charlie, related to the 2018 guidance we gave, we’re basically expecting about half of that to come from Navionics.
Doug Boessen: So in terms of our overall outlook in the Auto segment, I think PND is pretty much on the same trajectory that we've been on before. We did see some improvement in 2017 due to mandate categories such as ELD, which drove some of our fleet products as well as a new ELD categories. In 2018, the OEM part of our business is not expected to grow as fast as what it has been because we're seeing year-over-year comps in some of our major customers that have come on board like Honda.
Doug Boessen: As it relates to OpEx for 2018, we’re expecting about 8% type of increase about a third of that really is relating to Navionics, so we have had acquisition that we'll be hitting in 2018. Also looking at some of the different OpEx lines for ’18 as it relates to advertising as percent of sales, we would expect to keep that relatively flat. And then in R&D obviously we're adding some additional headcount investments in our business and then also have some additional costs relating to new aviation manufacturing and consumer distribution facility, some additional costs related to that. Then as it relates to FX, the FX impact on revenue for Q$ was about a tailwind of $28 million and then for the full year it was about $25 million of tailwind, primarily driven by the strength of euro.
Doug Boessen: There's impact to that in the guidance, because for the average for the year I think the euro was probably about [113], it's quite a bit higher and now it is probably about $75 million of FX tailwind that's in the guidance, assuming the current type of euro rate.
Doug Boessen: The 58.5% is primarily a segment mix as you mentioned just because we're having a situation where our growth is going into some higher margin areas and then some of our declines some are lower margin areas such as the activity trackers and few of these things and maybe some puts and takes by each of those segments. But it will be relatively comparable to what we anticipate for the full year, but a big driver that is a segment mix.
Doug Boessen: S CapEx will go up a little bit we anticipate 2018 probably to about $145 million compared to the $140 million that we had in 2017.
Doug Boessen: I think TomTom's contribution was fairly low on an overall market basis, and the primary impact of that would be to Europe. So I think certainly that's in our overall view of the market but it's not necessarily moving the needle in terms of the overall guidance.
Doug Boessen: Working capital in 2017 primarily look in that inventory and receivables and. For '18, we would expect to see probably our inventory and receivables end of the year similar to what our growth in sales is. If you look that 2017 receivables did increase a little more than primarily due to some receipts there. So look at January receipts came back in line with some of our DSO comparisons that we have. But we would expect looking that our free cash flow for 2018, we probably would expect somewhere to be around $560 million of free cash flow, a piece of that would be some favorability due to less cash taxes due to tax reform we talked about. Also, we should see some favorability relating to working capital that you mentioned there, we shouldn’t expect to see the type of increases in AR that we saw in 17 continuing through ‘18 more in line probably with our revenue increases.
Doug Boessen: So as it relates to the litigation, we have settlement agreements there that we would not be able to disclose at the number as it relates to that settlement agreement. Then as it relates to the EBIT impact, what you have in the situation there is in Q4 you have some things go against with the strengthening of the Taiwan dollars that partially to offset that and then for the full year in that period also.
Doug Boessen: Certainly, the content view is changing and in terms of what goes into the automobile where we're still seeing market interest though in infotainment systems, people still -- those kinds of systems in the car. And we've seen a higher mix of software related business with what we’ve talked about with Honda and Daimler as well. But looking forward, we've announced and talked about our relationship with BMW where we’ll be supplying more of what's called the silver box, which is a generic computing platform in the vehicle, which can run all kinds of software stacks associated with infotainment and clusters and other things in the vehicle. So there is some evolution like that but there's still opportunity for computing in the vehicle and software.
