Clifton Pemble: Okay, good morning, Ben. In terms of guidance, it's still very early in the year, only 1 quarter behind us. And for a long time now, we've been facing the ongoing challenge of PND market contraction. So we want to try to make sure that we adequately guide in terms of the uncertainties there as well as the other growth opportunities that offset it. 
Clifton Pemble: Well, in terms of fitness, our first quarter margin was lower based on product mix, and it's seasonally a lower quarter as well, so it's more sensitive to those things. We feel like we have a strong product lineup at this moment going forward into the year, so we think that it will stabilize. In terms of outdoor, there's really not any change there in terms of the overall product structure or market structure, so we feel like the margin there is sustainable going forward. 
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think year-over-year, we're going to be comping against pretty strong products that we had last year. So that's one factor. But generally, there's not anything material that changes the direction of the business. 
Clifton Pemble: DeLorme was really immaterial for the quarter. It closed really late in the quarter, so there was not much impact from DeLorme. 
Clifton Pemble: No, we're not breaking that out, but I think that we'll have a full quarter in Q2 and we'll be able to provide more color then. 
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think it's really in the product road map and the products that we have in the market. So the newer products should help us stabilize our gross margin. Our running line now is getting fully populated with wrist-based heart rate, which is helping as well. So we feel like those things will contribute to stabilization. 
Clifton Pemble: Well, we think that the margin levels in fitness should be somewhere in the low to mid-50s, so that's about where we're targeting. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think year-over-year, Paul, as I mentioned, our product line is extremely strong this year. We had products early in Q1. Our comparable last year of Q1 of 2015, was quite a bit easier than what it will be in Q2. So all of those factors led to some early growth in marine for this year. 
Clifton Pemble: No, we don't think so. In marine, I mentioned there's a product mix factor there, so that's very understandable. I think outdoor fluctuates up and down, so really no change there. Aviation is pretty steady, and automotive has been pretty steady as well. 
Clifton Pemble: Okay, thanks, Tavis. So kind of hitting from the top there in terms of our rebranding of the PND products. Yes, indeed, we are rebranding intentionally, and we felt like nüvi has served us well over the years, but also probably doesn't recognize some of the great new features that have been brought into the product line over the years. And particularly, you mentioned that the safety features, we have lane departure warnings, we have camera features in the product with collision warnings. So we felt like it was time to kind of recast the nüvi line into something else. In terms of infotainment, those sales that we referred to were system sales that are done on a port-install basis with automotive carmakers in APAC and also the Middle East. And then finally, on fitness, vívofit 3 has really started shipping now, so it's a Q2 impact, not a Q1 impact. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes, at this point, it's limited. This is one of the reasons why we keep healthy levels of safety stock. And at this point, we're working through that. But at this moment, we don't have any material impact. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So maybe to clarify on that. We went through kind of a two-step process in getting the wrist heart rate. The first step was with a third-party solution with our Forerunner 225 and then we transitioned to a Garmin solution after that on our Forerunner 235 and fenix 3 HR. In terms of margin structure, certainly, the wrist-based heart rate products are lower margin structure than our chest-based. But at the same time, our Elevate technology has much higher margin structure than when we were using a third party. So it is improving from where we were in that interim step, but not necessarily compared to the wrist -- or the chest-based solutions of the past. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think those markets are fairly niche, and retailers don't carry a lot of inventory, so the sell-through has been fairly robust. There's been a lot of spring promotions around some of the marine products, and it's been doing very well in channels like Bass Pro and Cabela's. 
Clifton Pemble: I think we're actually seeing very good results in the European region. In terms of the market development there, Europe is probably behind that of the U.S. So there's a growing market there and players are establishing themselves, including Garmin. We've also seen strong uptake of wearables in APAC, including both fitness-based wearables as well as outdoor-based wearables. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes, definitely, the U.S. is still growing, no question about that, but it's a more mature market than those other regions. 
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think 2 things in outdoor that really drove the growth was the fenix line and also dog products. Those are the 2 major drivers. There was some incremental contribution by golf, but the other 2  were really the major contributors. Fenix has been strong in recent quarters. And over 2015, we're going to now start to comp against those strong results in Q2, 3 and 4 with fenix. So we're going to have to navigate that in terms of comparables. But so far, the product has been very strong, especially since we've added wrist-based heart rate to it. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think we still see challenges in aviation like we noted in the remarks. Some of the underlying factors that have slowed the market recently are still there. But for us, new platforms have been a big driver of the success, and we're seeing some incremental increase in revenues in the retrofit side, too, especially in ADS-B products. 
Clifton Pemble: I think we're looking for strong growth really in both of those categories, and that's what we experienced in Q1. 
Clifton Pemble: I think theoretically, the size of those markets is really driven by population and especially population that's interested in health and fitness. I would say, generally, Europe should match that profile pretty well. I think in APAC, of course, there's a lot of population that may be not yet the kind of lifestyle or health-focused like what you have in the U.S. and Europe markets. So nevertheless, I think there's still good uptick of fitness products in APAC. I think they're very interested in running products as well as fitness and multisport products. 
