Cliff Pemble: Hi Yair, this is Cliff. There is probably a combination of factors. I think in the last call, we mentioned that we were unable to deliver all of the Montana products in Q3 that we had hoped to deliver that we went into Q4 with some backlog that we were able to catch up on, but we also had strong interest in our golf products as well as in our eTrex line, which helped drive growth.
Cliff Pemble: We don't typically break it down by product category. As I mentioned earlier, we did have some strength in backlog products, so we came out of Q3 with orders from Montana that we were able to fulfill. We also had strong uptake on our golf watch in the outdoor segment. So, we are growing market share there and we feel good about our position in that market. Fitness, in general, has been broadly strong across both running and bike products, and so it just continues to grow as the market expands, and we are able to maintain leadership position there.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think it's difficult to say. There is not a lot of good research in the market. I think the dynamics of the market are such that there is a lot of sales driven out of small shops and that's not the kind of thing that can be tracked easily like big box retailers.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, James, I will handle the first part of the question and I will turn it over to Kevin for the second. But regarding, Vector, yes we did push out the Vector deliveries by approximately three months. The development is going well and still ongoing, there are some manufacturing issues we are resolving, but we have confidence that we will be able to deliver.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we have been saying for quite some time that we would expect that dynamic to change, and at this point, it looks like we will start to get some tailwind. It's very difficult to know whether that's going to be Q1 or Q2, or the back half of the year, but we would expect it to be less of a year-over-year drag than we have seen in the past.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, Scott, we definitely see what's going on with the smart phones, in fitness, I think particularly, bikes is a popular area to use the phone. We offer applications on the phones as well and are beginning to get a sense of what that market is. I would say that, we feel that those applications tend to complement the devices and people that may be get introduced to fitness through applications, are interested in using a dedicated device as they continue to be serious going forward. So, we have not really seen that, that has been a major impact.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. So the first question on Navigon, as I said, we experienced about a $60 million benefit due to the acquisitions, and most of that came from Navigon and they were – we won't give ultra details. They did have a little bit of a drag on EPS for the fourth quarter. So, looking next at the PND in the fourth quarter, I think we did see – again we saw a very strong performance in EMEA and also the U.S. market was still in decline but at a much less rate than we had projected going into the quarter. So, I think we were pleased with the overall results in our North America or U.S. PND sales.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think, John, to maybe address that question a little bit, this is Cliff. The OEM market does tend to be a little bit more aggressive on pricing in order to be able to offer OEMs value to bring the product through their channel, but we are factoring all that in terms of our overall results, and we can't specifically quantify obviously what that pricing is.
Kevin Rauckman: I think the first question is, when we look at each of our business segments, we did have a very strong Q4, but looking forward, we did still see the North American market declining on PND next year, which is driving a lot of our overall PND expectation of down 7% to 10%. And as we said in the formal remarks, the fitness business is going to continue to perform quite strongly, and the other businesses will be into single digits, 5% to 10%. So, I mean, those are the primary reasons that we want to continue to and we need to continue to invest in some new opportunities primarily in the auto OEM and the aviation and marine OEM segments. So, that will pull us to the roughly to $2.45 to $2.60 EPS number we commented on. In terms of the PND strength, I think primarily we saw market share gains in Europe. I think Cliff mentioned the Navigon business, we did see a pretty decent Q4 and the Holidays Q4 in the U.S. market, which helped our overall PND numbers for the quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: No, we did not. I think what we would have experienced is, we picked up, due to acquisitions about $60 million within the quarter. So we would have had with a lower single digit growth, but still growth.
Kevin Rauckman: For looking forward, okay. So, looking forward on PND as we project 2012, we are really not projecting any kind of meaningful ASP change. We are looking at about a flat ASP difference year-over-year. Now, there are some geographical differences between the various North America, EMEA and APAC and rest of the world, but overall, we see ASP staying neutral. And then for the rest of – for the other segments, we typically, pricing is not a big issue. Our average selling prices have remained fairly consistent over the last couple of years. So, no meaningful changes there either.
Kevin Rauckman: I think we have had full channel, distribution channel for years if this market is growing enough, then in decline for few years. The Garmin's distribution is quite strong. I think from an emerging market, we are looking at Latin America some opportunities to expand our growth opportunities in PND products. And then as far as the channel inventory, I think we feel very comfortable with where not only our inventory into the year, but also the inventory in the channel, the retailers have done a reasonably good job of managing that inventory during the holiday season.
Kevin Rauckman: I think we had some one-time expenses in Q4, but in general, yes, going forward, we are going to be at that level, if not a little bit above as we add some engineering headcount during the year. So, R&D for 2012 would be the one area that would have the most significant increase to our operating expenses.Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: As Cliff said, we are very pleased with the results, and we thank you for your interest in Garmin and look forward to a successful 2012. Thanks everyone for participating.
