Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think in terms of the update to the year, we basically are still seeing things the way that we've laid them out, and it's very early in the year to really make any conclusions based on the start that we've had. But we do have a strong product lineup right now, and we have more new products coming throughout the year in all of our segments. And so a lot of our momentum and growth is driven around new innovation and new products.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So fitness was weaker than we expected for sure. And the cycling category is the biggest contributor to that. We are comping against really strong results from last year. So there's lots of moving pieces, lots of dimensions to this. But the cycling side of things is really the one that's the biggest impact.  But if you look at it from a different angle, the operating profit was mostly affected by FX and freight costs. If those things would have been under normal circumstances, we would have been pretty much in the range of where our gross margin and operating margin profiles are for the segment.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think that as we mentioned, all categories in this segment were weaker year-over-year. We're comparing against a really monster quarter from the last year. So that's one dimension. And then you can't discount the impact of our overall wearable product lineup across the company and particularly the release of the new adventure wearables on the outdoor side, which probably impacted things as well.  So as I mentioned, we experienced robust growth across all wearables at Garmin. So we feel like the market is robust and our position in the market is also very robust.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think Europe is more notably weak as you can see in our geographical results. I think really 2 aspects to that. One is the Ukraine situation. We definitely did see a noticeable impact in product registrations as that conflict broke out and was weaker for the initial period and has only recently started to show some signs of kind of popping back as people maybe normalize or get used to the risk environment that they're in there.  But the other factor for Europeans is the high inflation. It's really not just European, but it's global, but they particularly are impacted by much higher fuel prices and concern and worry over the economy. So I think those factors impacted us in Europe, but we saw a much stronger growth in Americas and APAC.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. As you said, we're maintaining what we said in February. It is early in the year, and this is our lowest seasonal quarter. So we like to see how the year is evolving before we make any material changes to our outlook.  I would say that in general, we see positive indicators, as I said in my remarks, across many of our segments. And at the same time, the uncertainties have increased and the complexities have increased, so we recognize that as well. But the diversity of our business is very high. The demand in several of our segments is strong. And so that's what we base our confidence on as we go forward.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think one of the things we mentioned actually last time is we expected the first half of the year to be more challenging for the aviation aftermarket because of the supply chain constraints we were experiencing. We've started to see that improve, especially as we rolled into the month of March and onward. But we do expect still to be able to see more improvement as we get into the back half because we're taking actions to dual source some parts as well as we're getting more supply from our existing suppliers.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think really nothing to speak of. We still see very strong demand for our most popular products and especially driven by the technology developments that we've made in the area of live sonar, and our display systems are all very good and sought after.  I would say in terms of retail boating or I would say the OEM side is what we would call that, but in general, we still hear our OEM partners say that they're sitting on years of backlogs in their business and working very hard to deliver the boats that have been ordered. So we still see a strong demand cycle moving forward from the OEM side of the business.
Clifton Pemble: I think in terms of inventory, it varies by product line, but the one that we've been talking about most is the indoor trainer inventory. Retailers do have a lot of inventory in the indoor training category, and they're selling through that, of course. And we also have inventory that we have in our warehouses that would go into the channel as soon as it kind of clears up. But that's a situation that's going to be around for a while. We don't expect it to improve quickly. So we're just going to have to be patient and work through that.  In terms of other categories, it really depends by geography, by retailer, by product line. But in general, we think channel inventory levels are reasonable, and we don't see any concern there.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think in terms of what will happen going forward, as our deliveries increase, we will be able to experience scale in that business. So it should improve our overall operating margin performance, although we're not expecting that to swing to a positive number in the near term. But as we start to deliver the new products to BMW and as our production scale increases, it should generally improve.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, thanks. I think in terms of the customer profile of our wearables, it really depends by product line and by segment. But at the highest level, if you look across all our wearables, we are mostly selling to brand-new customers to Garmin who are registering a new device for the first time and creating a Garmin Connect account. But we also have, of course, a sizable amount of business that we do with people who love to stay current on the latest products that we release. And so we see that side of the business as well. But right now, it's still more of an -- it's still a majority of people that are new to our wearables.
Clifton Pemble: I think actually, Ben, the content per vehicle on the newer platforms that we're delivering is much higher per vehicle than what we're seeing on the current products delivered out of China as well as out of the U.S. factory here. In some cases, once we get to full production mode with BMW, they've adopted it across all of their platforms. Some vehicles could have 3 or more of these modules within the vehicle. So it will dramatically increase per vehicle based on what we're delivering over the long term to BMW.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think that's a very good question. During the first half of 2021, we saw elevated demands for all cycling products, including the indoor trainers where every factory -- and speaking broadly beyond just Garmin every factory and every manufacturer of those devices were delivering all that they could make to the market because of the demand. So the first half was very robust because of that really strong pandemic-driven demand and then that tailed off significantly in the second half. So we are expecting to see that those comps will improve starting in the second half and will probably take throughout the remainder of the year to really normalize.  In terms of the levels we're seeing, generally, we continue to see that the levels we're settling at for cycling products are in line with reasonable growth of the overall market over the past 2 to 3 years. So what that means is the CAGR is probably somewhere in the 5% to 10% range of the overall market, and it's settling in at some reasonable growth level over 2019 or even early 2020 type numbers.
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think if we just look at those one by one, I would say, in outdoor, our new product releases and the adventure watches are -- we continue to work to fill all of the demand that we're seeing for those. And in addition, there's some golf products that we've struggled to match the demand popularity of some of the products that we have there. So that's the outdoor side of things.  On the marine side of things, our new Panoptix LiveScope Plus system is extremely popular. And so we're working to fulfill a lot of back orders on that product, which also drives display systems. So there's kind of a broad-based demand in our marine segment because of that.  And then finally, in aviation, I think our biggest opportunity right now is the aftermarket side of things. We've been constrained because of the supply chain situation. And as I mentioned, we're starting to see that get better incrementally, but it will take some time to really fully recover. But the backlogs that we have there of things that we need to deliver is strong.
Clifton Pemble: I think for our initial plan, we definitely were able to fill the channel. And what we found is that the reorders have continued to be strong. And so we're still chasing initial demand for that product line that we're working to fill.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. Yes. Regarding free cash flow, yes, still early in the year, but there's a couple of things you need to consider, one of which is our working capital needs. We did have some of those working capital needs here in Q1, where we saw inventory increased more than the previous year. You also need to factor in last year, we had a large amount of inventory increases in the back of the year. So hopefully, we won't have as much of an increase in the inventory, I'll say, year-over-year than we did last year in there. But the working free cash flow and other things, CapEx is pretty consistent year-over-year for the full year in there. It depends also on the operating side of things, but we'll give you more guidance on that in Q2.  As it relates to the share buyback, it's something that we evaluate with the Board, and we felt that was something that was appropriate at this point in time. Regarding the amount that we're going to be doing, it's really depending upon market conditions, business conditions at a point in time, the amount that we buy back during the period.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. As it relates to gross margin for fitness, yes, 2 of the big drivers there, obviously, are freight and FX. And actually, FX is a bigger impact on the fitness business just given our EMEA side of the business in there.  So as it relates to the year, it's still early in the year here, but we have to manage through those headwinds, and we'll have to see how those mitigate hopefully. We're doing things, hopefully, help mitigate some of the freight. I previously mentioned inventory. We're trying to optimize our ocean versus air to mitigate some of the increases there. But FX, that's something -- and we've seen more of the strengthening of dollar there and increases. So we have to see how that all plays out for the rest of the year.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as revenue recognition standpoint, probably shouldn't be that much different than we have at this point in time in the different models that come out from that standpoint -- from a revenue recognition standpoint.
