Clifton A. Pemble: Yair, this is Cliff. Right now, it's still very early days in terms of our rollout of the product, and as we mentioned, we don't expect that it will have a significant impact on Q4. And I think for 2014, again, it's very early days in a new market, and so we're not speculating yet in terms of market share, but we do believe we have a superior product, and we've heard a lot of good reports from our retailers that suggest that customers are interested in what we have to offer.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Jonathan. I think there's a couple of factors at play. As we've mentioned, our new products have been very well accepted by customers and the pricing environment has been favorable as well for customers as we clear out old inventory. So people are buying even later than what they traditionally do in the marine season. The weather situation for 2013 probably delayed the season somewhat. So we were seeing later buying than what we usually do, but we also see some of those trends continuing in the fourth quarter, as particularly, our OEM systems are doing very well, and boat builders are now ramping up production for 2014.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Jonathan. We did see an initial bump from what we call pipeline fill of that product, and there was pent-up demand. As you know, the product was widely known in advance of its release. But now that, that bubble has kind of gone through, we're seeing more of the static demand, if you will, which is certainly a lower level than what we experienced in the initial stages of the deliveries, but still what we would call strong for a product like this. It's a very niche product.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, let me take the easy one first. We don't ever break down by product segment, so we aren't breaking down Vector, but we do believe that it has a second order effect with our overall biking products, which were strong in the quarter.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay, thank you. So Fitness pricing, in general in the past year, actually, a year ago in Q3, we introduced the Forerunner 10, and that has been a significant success for us in terms of market share and volume. But as you know, the ASP is lower so we have seen those pricing drift lower in the running segment, but it's very strong in terms of volumes. Our high end continues to be strong in the 910. And now with the introduction of our 620 and 220, we're clearing out product transition in the -- in some of the other product ranges, which will then boost the pricing going forward.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we've talked about that being more of a 2014 opportunity for us, and we're not at the point where we can offer any details in terms of what we have in mind there, but we continue to invest and look for new opportunities in -- across all of our segments in adjacent product categories.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, so far, it's pretty much been on a similar trajectory. We did experience some blip because of the shutdown. Basically, any kind of field approval that was occurring with the installation of avionics, aircraft registrations, certifications, all those things are basically shut down for the period that the government was in the shutdown mode. So we saw that as a blip, and the industry is quite sensitive. So we don't know, as we roll into Q4, what the impact of ongoing budget talks will be as we move towards the end of the year. So we're maintaining kind of a conservative outlook there.
Clifton A. Pemble: So far the experience has been very positive, and it's been working as we expected. We believe the accuracy and the ease-of-use installation and portability of the product met all of the goals that we had in mind.
Clifton A. Pemble: ASPs were roughly flat, and in terms of share, yes, according to NPD, the share in the U.S. has definitely grown. I think, in Europe, our view is that we probably held steady. Some of the countries, the bigger countries, we gained some share based on product innovation, and then some of the other countries are a little harder to track. The tracking agencies over there have soft reporting on some countries because the market has gone down due to economic and other reasons so -- but in general, our view is that it's probably held steady in Europe.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think to add some color to my comments, I would say we were expressing some realism in terms of the fact that it's slow to develop. We still believe that we have unique value to offer in the industry through our solutions, and that's been borne out through J.D. Power kind of results and things that show the customers really appreciate the solutions that we have. But what you're highlighting in terms of incumbency is absolutely true and is a big headwind. Some of these suppliers have been embedded in the system for a long time, and we realize it takes some time to break in.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Paul, we actually already have a utility available for our users that's called VIRB EDIT, which basically allows them to process the videos, edit them, and the unique value that we offer in the market is that a lot of the sensors that customers are using in streaming activities can be overlaid on top of the video so you can see speed, acceleration, heart rate, all these kinds of things. So that tool is already out there and available. And in terms of sharing, most people tend to share over common means like YouTube and others that are out there. So that's not something that we're doing, but we're at least providing the tools for people to be able to create the videos that they like.
Clifton A. Pemble: I don't really see features as being an issue. I think the vision for K2 is pretty encompassing that touches a lot of things in the vehicle. So the scale of the project involving K2 is probably pretty significant. So that's maybe one factor that OEMs might be considering in terms of what they -- what effort they have to go through to incorporate the system. But in addition, it's a very conservative industry, so they tend to choose suppliers with known track records, and building that track record is obviously a challenge.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Kristine, as you know, these programs are very intense in R&D, and that continues to be, and will be in the future, our biggest portion of the spend within the segment. I think, historically, there were times we were around that level, but it was probably driven by different kinds of factors in terms of our product mix, and which are different today. So I think in order to serve these OEM opportunities, I don't believe that, that level is as easy to achieve as it was in the past. And the most important thing is to be able to win and execute on the programs.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, thanks, Yair. You're exactly right. We had a nominal impact in Q3 on deferred revenues. And as we've stated in the past quarters, we're expecting that amortizations of our past deferrals are going to outweigh any of the incremental deferrals that we put on the balance sheet. So you should expect for the full year 2013 and then going forward that we'll continue to have a -- actually, a tailwind as we move forward in our business.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Mark, thanks for the question. I think we feel like we have a very disciplined process in terms of analyzing what our expectations are for not only growth, but also what we need to do in terms of development of new products. So Cliff's already talked a little bit about some of the Fitness products, whether it's Vector or the Forerunner 220 and 620. Those have been planned for quite some time, and we've put a product roadmap together that makes an estimate what our businesses are going to be at every level within the segment. And so if we look out a year from now or even a couple of years from now, we have an estimate of what each of our product categories are going to do, whether it's running or cycling or some of the new products like Vector. So we believe we've got a pretty good handle on what the new products are going to do and how they're going to contribute to our bottom line. You can see from the margin results that it served us pretty well.
Kevin S. Rauckman: You're asking for a formal guidance number, and we're really not ready to talk about 2014 yet. I think some of the trends that you've seen with the continuing secular decline on Auto/Mobile with growth across the other segments is what we would expect to see, but we're really not prepared to talk about 2014 EPS expectations at this point.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, again, we know what our pricing points are going to be. We've got our plan to address the demand of our customers, and so we feel -- we still feel like we've got some good opportunity for growth, especially in these non-Auto/Mobile segments.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we had given an estimate of about $525 million of free cash flow, and through the third quarter, we're sitting at $439 million. So we're well on plan for that. We feel good about our overall free cash flow generation for the year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we've chosen to make certain decisions on both of those areas. I think on the SG&A, we do believe that we have managed that pretty well in a period where we've got a strong headwind on PND. Going forward, we do not expect that we would need to increase SG&A significantly. On the advertising, I think we'll look at it more as a percent of sales and hold it pretty consistent. We've got -- we have some new product categories that we'll be introducing and have introduced, and so we look at that kind of the key metric is the whole advertising consistent as a percentage of sales as we go forward.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, and we didn't really -- we haven't really changed our guidance for the full year on the top line. So we've definitely baked that in into our Q4 expectations.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well when we first of all talk about channel inventories, because of the decline in the overall market of PND, we've seen less seasonality in Q4. So really, what used to be somewhat of an issue on -- or at least a challenge in inventory management is less so. We don't really have any issues that we're aware of in the channel. We're -- it's pretty clean going into the fourth quarter with our retail customers. So no major issue there. In terms of the software, I don't think we've really ever quantified that. Software is a key part of our investment across Fitness, Outdoor, pretty much every segment, even Aviation. If you look at the number of people we have working on content and software, it's substantial within our business. So we really never quantified how much that is.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think we don't break down by category, other than Auto/Mobile, but clearly, with the declining PND business, we've spent less this year on our operating expenses, but -- and we have increased on the OEM -- Auto OEM side in order to innovate and bring about new opportunities and platforms in that area. Going into 2014, I think, again, we haven't settled on any numbers yet for 2014. We're evaluating our 2014 budget now. But I think, in general, we will continue to spend less on PND, and slightly up potentially in Auto OEM, as we pursue opportunity there around the world.
Kevin S. Rauckman: We look at the dividend decision. Our board discusses that in the first half of the year, and then we -- because we're a Swiss parent company, we actually have to have -- get Swiss shareholder approval in our Annual Meeting. So it will be in the first half of 2014, specifically in the second quarter because we already have approval to pay a dividend through Q1 of 2014, not only dividend, but I also want to emphasize stock buyback. Those are the 2 primary means in which we return our cash to shareholders.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we commented this year on the reason why our increased R&D is there, primarily due to Aviation, and we have -- we're gaining share in the business jet space, and we're going to be -- have every anticipation to continue. So at this point, we would expect, not only our top line Aviation business to grow double digits, but we would also need to continue to ramp our R&D to be able to serve the customers in that industry.
