Doug Boessen: This is Doug. I'll take the deferred revenue piece. In Q4, we had a benefit of about $0.04 of EPS. Now looking into 2015, we'll actually have some year-over-year headwinds, as a contribution of amortizations with deferred revenue will decline. Those deferred revenue headwinds have been factored into our 2015 percent down guidance that we gave for the Auto-Mobile segment, overall. And looking at the Fitness margins for 2015, there will probably be some slight pressure on the gross margin due to some product mix there. But overall, for our operating margins, we hope to be relatively flat year-over-year.
Doug Boessen: Let me give you a little bit of an insight on that. So, we assumed a euro rate of €1.15 in our 2015 guidelines, our guidance. We anticipate that would probably be at a headwind of about $100 million of revenue, which translates, when you factor into the gross profit as well the expense impact of it, probably on an EPS of somewhere between $0.15 and $0.16 for the year.
Doug Boessen: This is Doug again. We see the gross margin, actually, probably getting pressured downward due to some of the product mix with the vivo family probably having not as high of an overall gross margin as some of the other type of purpose-driven type of products that we have. So we're seeing it probably down in 2015 compared to 2014.
Doug Boessen: I expect 2015 to be maybe slightly depressed compared to with 2014, just because of that gross margin pressure we have. But relatively comparable operating margins for Fitness for 2015 versus 2014.
Doug Boessen: This is Doug Boessen. So, yes, there are some additional payments relating to inter Company restructuring that will probably be in the second quarter. And those amounts, if you remember, we had about a $307 million expense that we took for that. We paid about $78 million or so in the period and so we anticipate, probably Q2 somewhere around $185 million or so.
Cliff Pemble: I think in terms of the Fitness market in general, as well is the wearable categories, is where we're looking to be able to increase in terms of mix of products with higher margins and sales growth.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we continue to look for opportunities for tuck-in acquisitions. And of course, we do need a sizable amount of cash to run our business in terms of operating capital. So I think in terms of where we're today, we're slightly less in terms of our cash balance year-over-year and we've returned over 100% of our free cash flow in 2014 to shareholders. So we feel like we're in a good position.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Fusion will continue to add in the first half of the year, as we comp the year-over-year acquisition. But we'll flatten out. And in terms of product mix, it tends to be a lower margin contribution. But, they're very strong in terms of OEM and some aftermarket business in the entertainment side.
Cliff Pemble: No. The organic growth is probably lower than that, as fourth quarter is typically our lowest season. But in the coming year, we expect it to have decent organic growth along with Fusion.
Cliff Pemble: Firstly, we see it as a strategic growth platform going forward and market share is definitely something that's important to gain early in the game. But in terms of our overall advertising, if you look at where we're and where we landed in 2014, our dollar spend as well as percentage of sales is pretty much back to where it was in 2010. So we feel like it's about right going into 2015 and we're going to continue to maintain that level of pressure going forward.
Cliff Pemble: I think we're overall being conservative in market share and action cameras, although we believe that our product strategy will yield some growth year-over-year this coming year. I think the main thing we're facing in Outdoor is pressure in the mature traditional market segment, as well as the industrywide trends in golf, which are a negative. But we're positive about our wearables. We're positive about our dog tracking and training as well.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I'm not going to comment specifically on our product plans. But we do believe that our product, our existing VIRB as well as future products that we'll create, will speak clearly to Garmin customer bases and the kinds of activities that our products help our customers do. So, we're really focusing more on the Garmin aspect of action cameras and how they play with our products.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we're not prepared to put out a specific number on market share, but we're pleased with the initial market share that we've obtained in our first year in the market and we believe that we should be able to grow from that position with our product line plans that we have as well as our advertising plans.
Cliff Pemble: Well there is no question that there is increased competition in the running area. That's absolutely true. Keep in mind that some of these newer players are growing from a small base, so it's definitely easier to turn in large growth in the initial phases. But we believe that our product line is solidly entrenched in the running community and we also believe that we have unique differentiators over this competition that's entering the market. So we feel good about where we stand today and we also feel good about our product roadmap for the coming year and beyond.
Cliff Pemble: We feel like the overall market will continue to grow at a robust rate, although probably not doubling. We think maybe in the 40% to 50% range.
Cliff Pemble: Well new products always account for a strong part of our overall growth strategy. We don't break it down, but we believe that our pipeline of newly introduced products combined with our existing products are going to give us strong results.
Cliff Pemble: I think our outlook for 2015 is pretty much in-line with what we saw in 2014. We did experience growth in 2014, but we believe it will even out a little bit in 2015 as some programs roll-off and other new programs are spinning up. We believe we're making some progress, with recent wins like we talked about in the remarks. And we believe that going forward; we should have some additional wins that we'll be able to announce.
Cliff Pemble: I think in the fourth quarter of this year, we experienced a different product mix than what we did last year. Last year, we were filling the channel and supporting our Partners with deliveries. And it included a lot of software components that were unusually high at that time. So this year, that was a different mix and it brought our margins down somewhat. We believe for the year in 2015, that the gross margin structure should be fairly similar to 2014.
Cliff Pemble: Well we continue to pursue new OEM platforms, as well as new aftermarket platforms. And we would expect that the R&D investment would continue to grow over the long term, roughly in-line with sales.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of our growth rate on Aviation, 2014 was a pretty big year. Where we had new Part 25 platforms hitting the market and those are higher-end systems. So, the growth was higher. Going into 2015 of course, we're comping against those and some of the newer platforms that we have in 2015 are in the part 23 category, which is the lower end business jet market. So we tempered our growth a little bit from last year. I believe we said it would be initially 10% to 15% in our 2014 guidance and this year we're targeting around 10%. In terms of our Fitness margin, if I understood your question correctly, what is the possibility that the margin would be lower? And at this point, we feel like we've factored in all of the dynamics of the market, including the promotional activities that we have planned later in the year. So we feel like with that in that in mind, as well as the product mix of new products coming into the market, that our margins should be relatively flat. Slightly pressured but overall, pretty much in-line with what we've seen.
Cliff Pemble: In terms of our sell-in and sell-through in the fourth quarter, we feel like it was well matched. And we feel like coming into the first quarter, that channel inventory is adequate at the moment. So we don't see any particular concerns there. In terms of Marine, we would expect that the pricing environment that we're facing is going to continue. We do believe that with our new products that we've introduced, that we should be able to match or improve our overall operating margin and our gross margin.
Cliff Pemble: Well each geography has its own characteristics when it comes to this market. There are, indeed, stronger geographies when it comes to fitness tracking and we did see a very significant uptake of our products in Australia, particularly. We feel like that the U.S. market is also very good. And Europe because of its fragmented nature country by country is probably behind the others.
Cliff Pemble: Well Europe really is -- and I was speaking in terms of the overall market dynamic. In terms of our share, it's relatively consistent with what we outlined.
