Kevin Rauckman: Okay. Well, it's generally amortized over a 3-year period. So we're seeing that product mix increase, as I said. So we'll continue to defer. And that will likely continue to increase for several quarters. At some point in 2012, we'll see the turnaround effect. And at this point, we'll start to see EPS benefit, and we expect that will likely be sometime in the back half of 2012.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, okay. So if you're looking at product costs, as we mentioned, ASPs were relatively flat. On the cost side, we would expect a year-over-year cost reduction of approximately 5% supporting our business, including auto/mobile.
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think we're not really prepared to quantify how much that is, but we do see an increasing amount of our PNDs that are being bundled, which is the reason for the change in our guidance primarily. So we're not making that public, but it is increasing as we've gone through the last couple of years. You made us to remind you and other analysts and shareholders, we began deferring in 2009 at a relatively low rate and that increased in 2010, and we still see that increasing as we've gone through 2011.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. There's a lot of variables that go into the deferral, and it is quite complex. But in general, I would say, the amount that we're deferring on a bundled product has remained about the same throughout 2011.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I would say -- I mean, we obviously had paid a price for the company which we're really excited about. From a cash balance perspective, I would say, it's fairly neutral. I mean, the amount of revenue that Cliff mentioned was roughly USD $75 million for the last 5 months of this year, however, pretty flat on a net income perspective so really, the only difference there is the amount cash we paid for the company. We're not prepared to disclose that amount.
Kevin Rauckman: As we mentioned during our formal remarks, yes, the acquisition strategy is still intact, and we're looking for additional opportunities there. But the primary use of cash flow will just be, I think, working capital should be relatively neutral. So it gets down to dividends and other uses, potentially share buybacks, but I would say dividend is the primary use of the cash in the near term.
Kevin Rauckman: No, it's difficult just to add for 2012 because as I mentioned, we're looking at 3-year amortization. Again, there's lots of variables based on the bundling of our products with lifetime maps to the actual amount that we deferred. So it's not as simple as just adding the 2012. As you know, we haven't given any 2012 estimates at this point. But I would caution you to just adding that into 2012.
Kevin Rauckman: I think there's some forecast that we've evaluated internally, and it would suggest that the turnaround effect when we start to give some positive benefit on EPS would occur late in 2012, and that's about as good as we can do right now from a timing perspective.
Kevin Rauckman: We're generally not giving a breakdown of units by PND. As we talked about, roughly 3.8 million total units. Clearly, the PND is still a large part of the auto/mobile, so a large part of our overall business. But we're not prepared to give the exact number.
Kevin Rauckman: Well, you are correct. We are predicting a lower gross margin on the PND and auto/mobile segment overall. A very tough margin, we typically see especially going into the holiday season. So I think we'll see a slight reduction in margin in Q3, and then a larger reduction in Q4 as we have the auto/mobile. We did mention that we expect some benefit on those fitness and marine margins as we come into the back half of the year. Those should come back up and improve a little bit in the back half, and aviation, I think, will retain pretty close to that existing margin right now.
Kevin Rauckman: I think, in general, you should assume about a $30 million OpEx increase due to the combination of those 2 businesses. We do -- as I mentioned earlier, we're expecting roughly neutral on EPS due to Navigon acquisition this year. They will be accretive next year. And Tri-Tronics will be accretive immediately in 2011.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, we really don't want to break out in any further granularity with this Navigon business other than we're excited about all 3 parts of their business -- the mobile, OEM and the PND components.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, as I mentioned earlier, we're not planning to give any further detail on that other than that mix of bundles. And there's also more than just lifetime maps, there's traffic, and some other components of our business that are more long-term in nature that we have to differ revenues on but that mix of product that is bundled now has increased which is why we changed our numbers this morning.
Kevin Rauckman: Essentially. Yes, we're having to defer both pieces, both the standalone lifetime maps that we sell which are deferred over the product life cycle as well as the bundled with PNDs and that's settled with PNDs.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I think the answer to both of those questions, yes, the percentage of customers who are choosing to buy PND bundled lifetime maps has increased more than what we had originally thought going into the year. And in terms of the peaking, I mentioned earlier, the prices that we're deferring or the amount of revenue we're differing really isn't increasing per unit but we do expect that we'll get a benefit or turnaround in the midpoint or back half of 2012 before we start to see some earnings per share benefit there.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. I think we do -- we were selling through some end-of-life products in second quarter, which did impact our gross margin from an operating expense perspective. But we're expecting our total business to flatten out on a year-over-year level, essentially our operating expenses should not be increasing as we go through the back half of the year. Overall, we did have, as we mentioned, some one-time -- more one-time costs in the Q2 perspective. The other thing is that, as you know, Charlie, we do allocate a percentage of our operating expenses based on sales. Fitness has become really a fast growing segment at 25%. It's a larger percentage of some of our operating expenses, which do impact our operating margin.
Kevin Rauckman: Well we had one -- on the bad debt, we had one distributor in particular that went through Chapter 11 that was not anticipated in the quarter and that impacted about $5 million. And then, the rest was related to some defense, some patent infringement cases which are now behind us. And so we -- between those two major costs, we were able to identify those as nonrecurring in nature.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. We just give the net number, which was the $62 million of sales or $44 million of net income. We don't break down the amount that was amortized from prior periods.
Kevin Rauckman: No. Actually, just saying that sequentially, we should see some improvement as we go through the back half of the year both on marine and also on fitness.
Kevin Rauckman: No. Actually we're saying that the EPS impact on a year-over-year basis will start to be beneficial to us as we go into the back half of 2012 is our best estimate at this point.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, it was up significantly by about $8 million of that impact or increase year-over-year was these legal and bad debt expenses, so that would have been much closer to your Q2 2010 number without those.
Kevin Rauckman: No. I think we've discontinued giving that detail probably a year ago. I think full point we made is that we have dozens of new products that are being introduced, and we still have a significant percentage of our revenues coming from new products every year. We just don't believe that that's a metric that we needed to share with everyone just because of where we stand in the various segments that we serve.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I'd have to go back and look at the full year 2010. We can give that to you offline, Jeff. I do have the data, I just don't have it right in front of me.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay. Just to wrap up, thanks, everyone, for contributing to our call, and we'll look forward to catching up with everyone next quarter. Thanks very much.
Clifton Pemble: I don't think we can say that we're able to recognize a noticeable competitive pressure right now in the fitness and the outdoor market. I think though that the fitness market is very dynamic, and there are new players coming in. So it remains to be seen in terms of what impact that could have going forward. For the outdoor market, I feel that the U.S. market right now is just the economy is just really slow. It's not good. So we probably feel that that's part of the impact in slower outdoor sales. We also have a pipeline of new products that have been introduced and waiting for delivery here in third quarter that will hopefully increase our sales going forward.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think our product is very popular in terms of its features and ease of use. And we're seeing some improvement in Europe as we focus our efforts on retailer relationships, and offering products and features that appeal to each individual market. So yes, we are continuing to work hard on that. We expect to continue to increase our share and maintain that going forward.
Clifton Pemble: I think, Simona, our view hasn't changed. I think at the beginning of the year, we probably were more conservative about what we expected to see in the market. We weren't as -- didn't have as rosy an outlook that would require us to change our view at this point. So the outlook that we had at the beginning has been holding true. And so as a result, we didn't need to change our outlook on PND going forward.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think our view is probably somewhere in the 25% range for market size decline in North America. And in Europe, we are still seeing, in total, a high single-digit to about 10% kind of decline still going on there. But because of the share gains that we have experienced in Europe, our overall unit volumes are up there, as we mentioned, 6%.
Clifton Pemble: I think right now, it's tracking to our expectations. We experienced strong growth in the first half of the year, as the key programs that we've been delivering on with Chrysler have been a big part of the growth story there. In the back half, that will, of course, comp against the last year's, so we would expect growth to flatten out, and overall, the growth in that segment has been in the 25% to 30% range. We haven't quantified the dollars there. It's essentially north of $100 million type of range, but we don't give specifics in terms of where it currently is and where it's going.
Clifton Pemble: I think Q4 is shaping up, again, really according to the plan that we had in place at the beginning of the year. Retailers are committed to the category, in fact, major resets are going to be happening here in August and September in preparation for the back half of the year. So we feel like everything is running on track to what we expected.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think each region has its own dynamic. Europe has been strong for both running products and cycling products in particular, whereas North America has been strongest in the running product category with some growth in biking. We did see growth in Asia as well, and places like Australia and other countries that are embracing bike products as well. Those markets, like all of our other markets, are typically smaller than the other 2 regions.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think, Charlie, we don't really disclose things like bookings or that kind of thing. So we're not really prepared to talk about ordering patterns per se. But in terms of our performance in the quarter, as I mentioned, the retrofit market was particularly strong, indicating that the people are stepping up to equip their aircraft, and that strength was across our product line, not just in new product introduction, so we felt very positive about the results in the retrofit side. The OEM side, as we mentioned, is flat, and that's a little more longer term predictability because aircraft makers are scheduling their bills, and we can kind of see into the future that we don't really see any turnaround like I mentioned in my comments. But that said, we are continuing to make progress in Part 25, working on some programs. And as I mentioned, those are on track. We would expect those to appear in the 2013 timeframe in terms of our revenue contributions.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I should probably take that. Jeff, I think as the volumes in our factories have come down, we have scaled our workforce to match the volumes that our business is experiencing. So that part is already taken care of. In terms of product development and R&D expenses, we are -- as the market evolves, we are, of course, matching our product roadmap to be responsive to the conditions in the market so that we're focusing on the most important product introductions and investing our efforts in those. And for the resources that are left over, we've been shifting some of those to other market segments as we have growth needs in the areas where we're investing such as OEM development across markets like automotive as well as marine and aviation.
Clifton Pemble: Sure. I think we talked about a 12% tax rate this year, and there's a lot of moving parts to the tax rate based on the profitability on the various regions that we're in. In general, if we're in a period where we are seeing increasing revenues or increasing units, that definitely helps our overall tax rate. If we're in a period where the revenue or units are declining, it tends to put more pressure on tax rate. In 2011, though, in particular, we've had some reserves that we were able to, after going through tax audits, we were able to give up. So that's actually helped our rate. If we were to see a year, next year where there might some declining revenues that might push -- that would likely push up our tax rate overall. So in general, long-term, next 2 to 3 years, we would expect our tax rate to come in between 12% and 15%. Again, depending on the regional profitability on the different countries [ph] we serve.
