Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results to move the comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $817 million for the second quarter, representing 1% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.5%, a 150-basis point increase from the prior year created by the shift towards segments with higher margin. Operating expense, as a percentage of sales, is 33.6%, 130 basis points increase from the prior year. Operating income was $203 million, 1% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 24.9%, 20 basis point increase from the prior year. The increase in gross margin was an offset to increase in operating expenses. Our GAAP EPS was $0.91, pro-forma EPS was $0.88, 1% increase from the prior year. Next, we’ll look at our second quarter revenue by segment. During the quarter, we achieved 1% consolidated growth, led by double-digit growth in our Outdoor and Aviation segments. This growth was partially offset by the decline our fitness segment, as a result of the steep decline activity tracker category. The continue decline in the auto PND business. Collectively, outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness were up 8% compared to prior year quarter. We’ll go next to second quarter revenue and operating income. Collectively, the outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness segments contribute 74% of total revenue in the second quarter 2017, compared to 70% prior year quarter. Outdoor grew from 17% to 24% and aviation grew from 13% to 15%. As you can see from the charts illustrating our profit mix by segment, the outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness segments collectively delivered 86% of operating income in the second quarter 2017, compared to 80% second quarter of 2016. The outdoor and aviation segments, a year-over-year increase in both operating income dollars and operating margin. Looking next to the operating expenses. Our second quarter operating expenses increased by $12 million or 5%. Research and development increased $13 million year-over-year, 150 basis points to 50.6% of sales. We continued to invest in innovation, increasing resources focused on fitness, outdoor, marine, aviation, segments that receive long-term growth opportunities. SG&A was up $1 million compared to prior quarter, was relatively flat as a percent of sales. Our advertising expense was $2 million less than the prior quarter, traditional spend in outdoor segment was more than offset by decreases in the fitness in all the segments. A few highlights from the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.3 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially year-over-year to $515 million. Our inventory balance decreased sequentially to $525 million for actually the seasonally strong second quarter. During the second quarter of 2017, we generated free cash flow of $129 million, a $6 million decrease from the prior year quarter. Also during quarter, we paid dividends of $96 million. We purchased $36 million of company stock, $11 million remaining for purchase through December 2017. During the second quarter 2017, we reported an effective tax rate of 25%, which includes $7 million of income tax expense result from a new accounting standard related to the expiration of share-based awards. Excluding the $7 million of income tax expense second quarter 2017 pro forma effective tax rate was $21.9%, compared to 21% the prior year quarter. 90 basis point year-over-year increase pro forma effective tax rate is primarily due to the Company’s election to align certain Switzerland corporate tax positions, international tax initiatives partially offset by income mix by tax jurisdiction. We continue to expect our full year 2017 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 22%. This concludes or formal remarks.  Takeya [ph] could you please open the line for Q&A.
Doug Boessen: As it relates to FX for talking about Q2 impact, we had about a $10 million headwind in revenue in Q2. And as relates the forecast and the guidance for the remainder of the year, what we do is we update our FX assumptions based on the current trends. So what the current FX rates, we currently seeing out there is pretty similar to what we used in our guidance and our forecast. As it relates to free cash flow, right now, for free cash flow for full-year, we are expecting about $550 million. Of that we’re expecting CapEx to be about $130.
Doug Boessen: Well, the market is down significantly. NPD shows that the market is down about 32% in Q2 and so our mix has definitely come down a lot, our advance wearables and running in GPS-based trackers are much bigger part the segment now.
Doug Boessen: We believe that availability is good right now, we are still expanding some retail channels that are taking the product in their summer reset, but in general it’s fully available in most retail outlets out there. There definitely was some pent up demand for the device as we announced it at CES and delivered a few weeks later. So there’s some pipeline effect, for sure. But we do see follow-up orders and strong interest in the product.
Doug Boessen: Yes I can’t comment on our future plans, but we do have a very active roadmap in all of our wearables.
Doug Boessen: Yes, so in our Forerunner category, which is what I’d call our made-for-running product line, we’re seeing double-digit growth, strength in that product line, so we feel very good about that category of the market, if you will. In terms of the expense structure overall in fitness, certainly, there’s been a big increase year-over-year. Much of that is due to kind of a comping effect of adding resources over the year, and they’re just now being recognized on a full year basis. We believe we’re pretty well situated when it comes to overall resources in the segment. And we do think there’s opportunities to fine-tune our investments, particularly in marketing and advertising, as the categories – category mix is changing.
Doug Boessen: Great. Regarding first item, regarding CapEx. So yes, the project that we have that’s going to increase the CapEx in 2017, probably going into 2018, is some of the expansion we have here of late regarding our distribution center as well as manufacturing for aviation. We announced that last year. So we’ll see some spend here, some heavy spend come in the back half of the year that gets back up to the $130 million type of number. As it relates to tax rates, yes, our full year guide is 22%. For the first half, we’re somewhere close to that. Q3 and Q4 is going to be dependent on what kind of reserve releases we have in that period of time. We don’t factor those in until the actual reserve releases happen. But I think right now, the purpose is probably – your purpose is probably 22% full year, and each quarter is probably fair.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So last year, we had quite a bit of favorability in working capital, primarily on the inventory side. So this year, if you look at the numbers, getting to the $550 million, we do expect some operating income improvement year-over-year and increased CapEx. But also, we won’t see as much improvement year-over-year in our CapEx or in our – simply our working capital as we saw in 2016 primarily because of inventory. We expect inventory probably to be up year-over-year. Probably maybe a similar type of year-over-year change that we saw in Q2, we should expect to see at year end.
Doug Boessen: Yes. It really relates to the fourth quarter. What you see basically relates to our promotional activity in the fourth quarter. But in gross margin, yes, the improvement we saw in the first half of the year, while that was due to segment mix, is having a higher percentage of our business in outdoor and aviation, which have higher margins, and then the decrease in the activity tracker business and the auto PND business.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah good morning Charlie. Definitely Asia has been doing well. It is growing from a smaller base. Wearables are definitely popular in that market, as well, but we’re also seeing growth in some of our other segments such as Marine and Outdoor.
Cliff Pemble: Yes for sure. So three case sizes 42, 47 and 51. 51 was the size of the previous model of Fēnix. In the small size, we’re definitely seeing a majority of those customers trend towards the female demographic. So that’s a totally new demographic for us and very exciting to see this expand into the area of lady adventurers. On the larger size, adding the masses has really expanded the opportunity for the bigger products, so we’re excited about that as well.
Cliff Pemble: Well certainly we’re counting on a steep decline in the activity tracker market. We’re following the rising and falling tides in that area, so that’s baked into our assumptions. And also, we’re comping against strong product introductions from last year. Our product introductions will take place a little later in this year in terms of refreshes. So that’s brought into our guidance. That said we do expect Q3 to continue the softer trends and moving into Q4, then we believe that things will improve.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so PND has been a slowly declining market for the last eight to nine years, and it’s been a little difficult to predict when is the bottom. We continue to believe that there is a base of business out there, a certain class of customer that likes these kind of products and will continue to be a reasonable category going forward, but certainly not mass-market levels like it was in the past. The predicting has been very difficult, and we probably are in a better position of doing that today than we were in past. In terms of OEM, we’re continuing to build a business base there. There’s a lot of dynamics with OEM in terms of the wins, the time frame it takes to get those to market as well as the revenue recognition model that take place. A lot of our revenue taking place right now is being deferred because of software-based revenue recognition rules. So we’re excited about the progress in terms of wins. We believe that it will contribute to growth in the future, but as of right now, it’s still a smaller part of our overall auto category.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks. Yes. So definitely, 25% for the year does imply a back half rate that’s different than what we’ve seen in the first half. As I mentioned earlier, the pipeline effect of Fēnix definitely had an impact, so we recognize that those pipeline fills occur once in a product introduction. But that said, we’re also comping against very strong growth rates of Fēnix 3 HR last year. So we’re just trying to look at all those factors and come up with a guide that we feel is achievable for the entire year.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So continued strong interest in ADS-B, and it’s growing as we move into – towards the mandate deadline, which is the end of 2019. People basically say beginning of 2020. We believe we’ll continue to see that kind of momentum as the mandate approaches and people realize that they need to equip in order to be legal in their flying going forward. In terms of other product categories, ADS-B is definitely a strong category, but I’ve mentioned before in the past that we see a pull-through on other categories, particularly the aftermarket navigators and communication navigation, those kinds of things, as people think about are creating their entire panel. So we believe that is a positive trend, and we believe it will continue to go that direction as ADS-B moves towards the mandate. In terms of OEM, we’re incrementally positive, I guess, about what’s going on in the industry. But I would point out that industry growth on the OEM side has lacked any kind of conviction, and so as a result, we’re remaining conservative. But overall, we’re pleased with what we see so far.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So Tavis, on the profitability on the auto side, we’ve said for a while that our goal is to manage the segment for maximum profitability, and that continues to be our mindset. I believe that as we move into the back half of the year and holiday buying season, we’ll see some uptick in overall seasonality that will allow us to leverage our expense base there. I think it’s hard to speculate on what-ifs, but 10% profit on a business like this is still good profit dollars. So we continue to try to maximize those opportunities through the right levels of innovation and also focusing on niche categories to bring more margin to the segment. 
Cliff Pemble: So definitely the basic trackers have a lower margin profile so they’re becoming a smaller mix of the segment. It will improve our overall segment margin performance. We’re relatively flat on a year-on-year basis, and the reason for that is that our overall product line is more mature this year. So there’s some margin erosion that naturally occurs, and that’s we had fairly flat margin even though we had a lower mix of activity trackers.
Cliff Pemble: I think you’ll see us do similar types and sizes of campaigns in the holiday buying season to support our overall revenue plan in our retailers as they carry our products.
Cliff Pemble: I think generally, the industry has already kind of reported single-digit kind of growth in aircraft deliveries. And I would say that we’re heavily indexed into the small to midsize area of the market. So the light jet market, as you know, has been fairly weak and the mid-size has been more robust.
Cliff Pemble: We can’t really speculate on all of their reasons for doing that. I think certainly, there’s some hurdles to understand and going from zero to full avionics capability, and so it does require significant investment, significant staff. But at this point it’s hard to speculate on what they have in mind.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we can’t provide any additional details. We’ll be making announcements as we’re ready on the new products.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think the car of the future definitely has lots of components and a huge amount of technology that’s rolled in. There probably won’t be one clear supplier or clear winner in all of that. We have our areas of expertise, as you pointed out, and that’s where we’re focusing our effort in terms of finding opportunity.
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly, one of the greatest strengths of our wearables is our app platform. It’s something we’ve invested in early. And as I mentioned, we’ve got a very positive amount of momentum going on in our app store. So people are able to create new utility and new applications for our devices, wearable and other devices as well using our Connect IQ. But in terms of specifics and working specifically with them, I can’t comment at this time.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. In terms of breakout by categories, we don’t do that in detail. Certainly, with the growth of Fēnix, it’s becoming a bigger part of our overall outdoor segment revenue. And DeLorme as well, the growth there is making a positive contribution, although from a smaller base.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, the operating margin situation, definitely there’s leverage when you have significant revenue growth such as what we did. And as I mentioned earlier, we believe, generally, our investments in terms of engineering and, to some extent, marketing and advertisement, we’re getting some leverage benefit out of those
Cliff Pemble: Well, again, ADS-B devices are strong growth area. And we are seeing the positive benefit of additional products being pulled into purchasing decisions as people retrofit their aircraft. 
