Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. Yeah, exactly, right. For the Q4, advertising will be higher dollars as well as a percentage of sales year-over-year. When we think about advertising for the full-year, we think advertising as a percentage of sales will be comparable to 2015. Also a few additional things in operating expenses, one of which is the 53rd week we previously talked about last quarter, which we have, as well as we have additional expenses due to DeLorme acquisition.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, Joe, definitely it's early days in terms of VIRB. We do have somewhat limited distribution, mostly online and as we've talked about before, the market is very mature with an entrenched dominant competitor. So, initially, our feeling is it's doing well compared to our expectations, but we're admittedly taking a conservative view.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. Yeah, so we feel good about the fourth quarter. We would highlight that we're up against stronger comparables from last year when we launched very strong products, the Forerunner 235 and the vivosmart HR, particularly. So this year we're comping against those and just anticipating a competitive market.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think, currently, the macro outlook is somewhat soft, as you pointed out. We feel like we've been able to do well, particularly driven by ADS-B products as well as the pull through of other products that we sell in addition to ADS-B when somebody upgrades their panel. I think long-term we're feeling good about Aviation, the opportunities that are there, but it will take some time to play out and investment to get there.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So in terms of the first question, we believe our shelf space actually has improved over what we had last year. For instance, this year we have expanded shelf space in Best Buy stores, in their top 220 stores, going from four-feet to eight-feet with four-feet in other stores. So that was an improvement over last year. We have additional space, for instance, for vívofit jr. in many retailers. So, in general, we feel pretty good about our shelf space situation. And retailers, we believe, are getting behind the products in terms of buyers and promotions and specials for the holidays, so we feel good about that. In terms of sell-in and sell-through balance, we feel like things are fairly well-balanced right now. We did have some product introductions in the quarter, such as the Forerunner 35 and the vívofit jr., but in general those were somewhat limited sell-in in Q3 and we expect additional sell-in to occur in Q4.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think we are selling a number of products that are higher ASP, particularly in what we would call our tracker category, although the categories are somewhat blurring in terms of the lines between them. For instance, we have the vivoactive HR this year, which is a mid-$200 category for us, but it's generally tracked as a tracker product, and we're also doing very well on the running side with mid-to-higher range devices. So that's balanced by increased volume and lower ASPs on basic trackers, but overall we think that we've done well in those other categories.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we're seeing growth across the globe in all major regions. So it has been particularly strong in Europe where the market is developing. It is behind in its development compared to that of, particularly, North America and we also saw strong growth in APAC.
Clifton A. Pemble: So in terms of our experience in the aviation market, I think one of the things we see is the growth in the ADS-B category. That did go very well for us in Q3 and it had second-order effects as we sold additional products and display systems into cockpits that we're getting ADS-B upgrades. So that drove a big part of the overall growth in the aviation side. In terms of Q4 in our outlook there, the market has been soft for a long time, and so we're taking somewhat of a conservative approach as we look at Q4 and just wait and see how the market develops.
Clifton A. Pemble: We feel like the gross margin is consistent. It's in line with the overall segment, so not really a lower-margin category for us.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, in terms of overall gross margin, we do see both mix and promotional activities is driving the lower gross margin. Of course, promotional activities drives the margin by product categories and then mix of categories in terms of the sales volume in each one drives the overall situation in mix.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, as we mentioned in the remarks, we are pursuing that kind of business as well. We partnered with Cerner recently. We also have partnerships with insurance companies like Manulife and others and we also do deals with individual corporations as well. So it's an opportunity we're pursuing.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So in terms of the recent developments with the Apple Watch and GPS, as you point out it is still early days. But at this point, we don't see any detectable impact. I think we've said in the past that our products tend to appeal to a slightly different audience than the Apple Watch. Although, there is some overlap, but generally that's true. So that's the way we see things right now and of course, we'll see how things develop. In terms of the new Fitbit launches, in terms of our market share, we feel like it's generally stable. They've released new products, of course, and they have very strong share, but ours has also remained about where it was. We think it's in the 10% range.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, so I think we did see the softness earlier in the year and last quarter we updated our guidance to be slightly more down than what we had previously projected. The weaknesses are primarily driven in Europe where the market has gotten softer. We think for the fourth quarter that there'll be some opportunity to kind of flatten that curve a little bit with promotional activity, but it is somewhat of a wait and see situation.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, so in terms of organic growth, there's multiple categories within fitness, from the low-end trackers on up to high-end running watches. But we've seen growth in those categories on a global basis, on market growth if you will, over the past year. I think some markets are more mature than others, as I mentioned earlier, so the situation is probably different in Americas versus Europe versus APAC; but, generally, the market has been growing. In terms of benefits, I think, again, depends on category, but new product releases always generate excitement for sure. But at the same time, shelf space is vitally important, so we're working hard to have both good shelf space presence in retailers as well as strong product offerings.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think that's somewhat of a challenge because if you look at our Fitness product line, we have one kind of product and the features and the style that's there versus outdoor in our fēnix line, which has yet a different kind of style; but, generally, I would say that the kind of customer that overlaps with Garmin would be those that are probably more on the entry-level side to running and activity and are looking at what kind of device they could use to enhance their performance in running and other kinds of sporting activity. So that's generally the customer profile that would be overlapping with us.
Clifton A. Pemble: So in terms of our long-term view as highlighted by the announcement we made where we are investing in the Aviation business, absolutely, we have a strong view for the future of that business. And currently, we are running at near capacity in our current production facilities. And so, in order to meet the anticipated demand of the future, we felt like it was the right time to invest in our facilities. In terms of opportunities to win business, I think there's many opportunities to win business. Our G3000 and G5000 lines are very strong, and we believe that those products should appeal to a broad range of business jet platforms that we are currently not present in. Regarding the linearity of ADS-B, of course, we're seeing accelerating growth in that area as people become more aware of and interested in complying with the mandate. And we would expect to see stronger growth in ADS-B as we move into 2017 and 2018.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So from auto OEM business, yeah excluding deferred, basically we did see some improvement there on a cash basis, year-over-year.
