Cliff Pemble: Yes. Paul, I think Tacx has been a wonderful acquisition for us, definitely leveraging the Garmin network is helping us. Tacx did not have a strong presence in the North American market. So we're able to expand that now. And of course, Asia is another opportunity. They were mostly strong in Europe before we bought them.
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's a contributor. And as you say, it's high margins because it's licensing business. But for us, we look at it -- add it as an important technology provider for our products. And being able to support the existing wellness and fitness features as well as a developing new advanced metrics that we can have in our smartwatch and cycling products.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I would make a couple of notes there. I think that it is kind of interesting to see 19% across the board. In the Americas, that growth would have been even stronger if you adjust for the impact of the ADS-B surge last year. So Americas is even stronger than what we're showing there in terms of the other consumer products. And in Asia, I would say that they have been slower to come back from the COVID-19 impact, but we do see signs of stabilization, and each country is different, but we do see positive signs in some of the major countries as they emerge out of crisis mode.
Cliff Pemble: Well, as I mentioned in the remarks, the OEM categories reflecting owner flown aircraft are doing reasonably well in this environment, and we've seen encouraging signs there. On the retrofit side of things, as I mentioned, if we eliminate the impact from ADS-B, we see positive signs in retrofit, it's particularly driven around new display systems and autopilot systems for existing aircraft on the market. So I think the technologies are super. The safety technologies that come in the retrofit market with our autopilot system and our display systems is something that people recognize as great value. And we see a lot of strength there.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Definitely, the margin on the OEM categories is lower than the trends on the consumer side, especially as we see the consumer side transition to more specialty products, which are also higher margins. So we'll see that mix of revenues impact the OEM segment. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're still investing heavily to bring these programs to market. We've brought the BMW, the first C&W program to fruition, which we're a build-to-print supplier, second source basically for that module, which is designed by another party. On the other program that we've won, we're the lead design partner with BMW on that and others are build-to-print for us. And so consequently, we're investing heavily in bringing that technology to market.
Cliff Pemble: We do have additional projects that are underway, which we can't really talk about the specifics, the one that's -- the major one, of course, is the BMW project that we announced about a year ago. In terms of revenue performance in this environment as we bring new projects online, definitely, we've said before that 2020 and into 2021 is going to be an inflection point for revenue growth as these new programs start to contribute.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I would say that Fenix and Instinct are both very strong product lines for us. We launched new versions of those products with solar charging technology, which is a unique differentiator here for Garmin. And those products were very popular in the quarter as we sold into the channel, and they're starting to sell-through now. But we do see strength across other categories, basically everything that involves adventure and outdoor activity, especially golf. Golf is very strong as well. And we felt very good about the performance of our categories in the quarter.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So product availability has been fairly tight. The demand has been strong, and we did make adjustments coming out of the significant drop in activity associated with Q2 when all of the lockdowns took place. And since that time, we've been working hard to ramp back up to the levels needed to fill demand. I think we're doing okay. But the backlogs are very strong for us right now. So we're working hard to fill those. In terms of raw materials, we've mostly been okay. I would say there's a few shortages here and there. And especially as our forecast change to the upside, we have to deal with that situation within lead times from our suppliers, but we've had very good cooperation. We've been able to mostly get everything that we need. We rely on our safety stock, of course, in our business. So we do have inventories of things that we can continue to build products. And our vertical integration model is something that allows us to be flexible in what we build and when.
Cliff Pemble: Many partners are experiencing the same things that we are, so the increased demand and, even though they're taking more products, they also are selling out very quickly as well. So we believe the channel inventory on most of the consumer categories is not high. In fact, it's very lean. And in a lot of cases, we find customers looking for our products. So again, we're working hard with our partners to fill the demand and to help customers find what they want.
Cliff Pemble: I think Q4 is different than Q3 as we look at the promotions that are going to go on over the holiday season as well as the product mix and the segment mix. So there's a lot of different factors that go into play there. We'll also be doing more advertising sequentially. So these are all factors that come into play there with our guide.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, that has a very simple explanation. Q4 of 2019 was a huge quarter with ADS-B in the surge and equipage that was going on. And so that's a headwind that will quickly fade as we move past Q4.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. The new Tacx facility is operating. We're starting to do some production functions there as well as distribution of the products out of that facility. And now in Q4, we should be ramping up our physical production lines on the various products to be able to manufacture them in the new facility. So we're very pleased with that, and we believe that's going to be a big incremental adder to filling the Tacx backlog that we have.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think really, we focus on long-term road maps and the products that we introduced yesterday, for instance, in the marine market were products that we've been planning throughout the COVID cycle since before it was a known thing. We didn't waver from the investment we were making in our product road maps. I think that's the key thing, and we were able to maintain our product release schedules, even in the face of significant challenges that we've had like every company with working from home and distancing in the workplace. So I'm super proud of what our team has accomplished. I'm actually amazed sometimes at what they've been able to do. And I think our products are a testament to their determination to be successful in the face of this pandemic.
Cliff Pemble: Well, our response from the customers on Tacx has been very strong. We have a lot of backlog for those products, and we're working hard to fill those, especially as we look towards the winter season as people are going to be in more. So the Tacx facility, the new production facility, is a big part of our plan to take advantage of that and expanding our distribution, especially in the Americas and Asia for those products.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we have other categories in the works. I can't share details on those, but we have a creative team that are active participants in lifestyles. And so I anticipate we're going to see more new categories in the future in auto on targeting the specialty categories.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think each market probably has a different story. As we mentioned in Marine, we're seeing what you would probably call TAM expansion as new customers come into the market. In Fitness and Outdoor, it's a strong demand for people that want to be healthier and to engage in fitness and outdoor activities. So again, those could possibly be described as TAM expansion. There's also market share gains that are factors in those things as well. We don't see anything that's happening right now as pull forward into '21. The demand is strong throughout the back end of this year, and we anticipate through the discussions with our partners that 2021 will also have similar trends based on the behavior of people during the pandemic.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think there's a combination of things going on there. There's definitely ASP increases as we launch new products like the Fenix solar line and the Instinct solar line. But there's also unit growth as well as we look at our advanced wellness products in fitness, for example. So it's a combination of things. And the customer base that we're targeting, I think, are those that appreciate the value and the capability of the products that we offer.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Marine is historically very seasonal. So in normal times, we would expect that the market would slow down in Q3, late Q3 especially and into Q4 and then ramp up again when the New Year arrives. This is anything but an ordinary year, and so we saw boating activity continuing to take place throughout Q3 and demand for our products was very strong. Not just in the sell-in sense, but also in the sell-through sense at our retailers. So it's an extraordinary year as people take advantage of time on the water. And as we look at Q4, the retailer enthusiasm around marine products and the plans that they have for promotions are very strong. And so we should also see a very strong Q4 for marine, unlike we've seen in past years as well.
