Clifton A. Pemble: We saw, Joe, particularly strength in more advanced trackers, as I said in my remarks, particularly those with GPS.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think, probably, we see more the other direction where people who got started and wore basic activity tracker or something in our vivo line might wish to move up into more advanced running devices as they explore the sport. But I think vívo, its quality is daily wear, so it certainly wouldn't preclude people from moving the other direction, but we think mostly, it's an upward movement.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. Thank you on that. Definitely, we'll start late in Q1, so it will be mostly a full impact in Q2.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think some would say it's conservative, others might say it's not. But, as you know, there's a lot of dynamics going on in the market right now. I think everybody is focused on fitness and what the dynamic will be there. I think it is an area where there is uncertainty because of everything that's going on. But we believe that we still have ability to grow. Outdoor, we see ongoing opportunities for fēnix, as we mentioned in our remarks, as well as expansion of the DeLorme opportunity. Marine is off to a great start, and we do think that our product line is strong. We should be able to have a strong year in Marine. And then finally, Aviation is an industry that has had ongoing challenges with the economic situation. That's not really changing, in our view, but we do see these opportunities that we've been pursuing adding to incremental growth. And then finally, in Auto, there's not much more to say there, except that the PND market decline continues, as you're well aware, and we are excited, because we are to a point now in the business where the growth in the other segments are offsetting the declines in PND.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we're investing in that category as well. We have had our own sets of successes, which have been published out there, some of them, and some of them have not. We don't break it out by categories in that area, but we are investing there. We have dedicated teams, both on the sales and engineering side, that are working on product customizations and engagements with customers that allow us to win deals there.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, there's still opportunities in PND. And one thing I'd like to clarify is that the BMW opportunity is not PND. That's auto OEM. And that's a different category of products within our overall Auto segment. But PND, we do still see opportunities there, as I mentioned. Some of the specialty opportunities in RV and truck are things that we're investing in, as well as camera technology. And we're taking a pragmatic approach, as I mentioned in my remarks. We believe there's still customers that are interested in those products. And with the right amount of innovation, we can keep the category healthy.
Clifton A. Pemble: So, BMW, we anticipate the program will be starting in the 2020 model year, which means late 2019 for production and revenue, start of revenue ramp. It is for vehicles in the China market. So, this is local production for local vehicles. It is a hardware-based Tier 1 opportunity. So, we invested in our factory capability in order to be qualified as a Tier 1 supplier to BMW. And as such, because it's a hardware opportunity, the ASPs are definitely much higher than what typical software opportunities are, although I can't share the details of what those are.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. Ben, definitely, all of the categories in Outdoor showed growth in 2016. Golf and dogs are both very nichey categories in comparison to some of the other categories and there's been a lot said in the last year or two about the situation in the golf market and declining interest and even some notable bankruptcies in golf-specific retailers. But we're generally believing that those will be flat in the coming year. Again, they're niche categories and they have cycles. So, they'll generally be trending in line with what they have been.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think, Jerry, many of our products that we offer in Outdoor and Fitness are beyond some of the notable news that's been circulating in terms of the overall activity tracker market. So, our product lines were strong, particularly those with GPS. fēnix was a good performer. And we see people wanting to step up to a more advanced smart watch kind of a product which fēnix definitely falls in that category.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think we talked about the secular trends, particularly in Fitness, and we do anticipate that basic activity trackers are going to see a maturing cycle starting now and going forward into the future. But with that said, on the Outdoor side, we do see positive response to our fēnix 5 announcement, and we anticipate starting deliveries of those soon. And we also do see increasing interest from retailers in the outdoor wearables. So, for example, we're gaining additional shelf space in some of the key retailers particularly in the U.S. and expanding our shelf space in the U.S. market. It is attracting a different kind of customer. There's certainly a strong, running bias in people that buy fēnix product, but we're also seeing people that are just generally aspirational and love any kind of outdoor activity move up to the launch.
Clifton A. Pemble: We believe our channel inventories are reasonable exiting the year and into Q1. Many retailers particularly in the U.S. try to manage their inventories very carefully as they close out their year. But we believe our inventory situation is okay.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Starting first on BMW, for this program, there's not any significant upfront investments for this particular program. We had already made investments in our factories in order to be able to accommodate this kind of win, and those are already costs that we've incurred. For the solution, it's the media graphics unit, which actually is a common architecture piece across the entire BMW line, not only in China but around the world. So, consequently, this is production of that architecture for the China market, but it's scalable elsewhere. In terms of Fitness, in terms of the mix there, as I mentioned, we are seeing stronger interest in more advanced product in the wearable side, and that includes what we would call our wellness line, like vivo, as well as, obviously, Forerunners which are all GPS products. We don't split those out by category, but I would say that GPS was the stronger performer, and basic activity trackers were weaker.
Clifton A. Pemble: We don't have numbers to share right now, but we can certainly prepare those and share them in the future.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So, definitely, product mix is still a factor, even though basic activity trackers were weaker. Basic activity trackers have a very low cost basis. So, their margin profile doesn't necessarily improve the overall fitness market if they're weaker. That said, also the vívo line in general, including those with GPS, they're feature rich products, and they have to sell at a competitive price. So, consequently, their margin profile is generally lower. In terms of Apple and the specific impact on our market by the Series 2, I would say that certainly, their initial results would appear like they're doing very well with Series 2. But we don't see the impact on our customers and our segment from that device. I think that it's a very competent device and it does a lot of things, but as we've said before in the past, we believe that it's attracting a slightly different customer base than what we speak to.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. Well, starting with Marine, definitely, there's a component of our outlook that reflects the improving macroeconomic conditions surrounding Marine. Marine has been kind of on a slow growth trajectory since the downturn, and we continue to see that. So certainly, some of that is due to organic market growth. But, certainly, the other part is the momentum we see in our business and particularly we believe we're taking share from the major competitors. And we believe the reason for that is our strong product lineup and superior features and technologies that we have in our products.
Clifton A. Pemble: So, as I mentioned on BMW, what we'll be supplying is a hardware component that drives the overall media system in the vehicle. So, it is a higher dollar value type of product which will definitely benefit on the revenue side. I think in terms of margin profile in OEM, we don't break it down by category, but we generally said that the margin profile from the OEM business is generally lower than that of the overall auto business. So, there would be some downward pressure as those revenues ramp up.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. So, what we're anticipating for FX assumptions for 2017 are basically the current rates that are out there, at $1.05 for euro. Then as it relates to CapEx, we anticipate the CapEx to increase in 2017 primarily due to the Olathe expansion probably between total CapEx between $130 million and $140 million.
Douglas G. Boessen: Sure. As I mentioned, Switzerland is in the process of aligning their corporate tax rules with evolving international tax initiatives. You may have heard corporate tax reform in Switzerland was proposed and voted on recently, but it didn't pass. They're working on a new proposal but the timeline for that is not known at this time. So, as a result of all of that, we elected this time to align our certain Switzerland tax positions with international tax initiatives. And I also mentioned that we don't expect to pay an additional cash tax in Switzerland in 2017 since we have deferred tax that's reduced our cash tax liability. As it relates to beyond, we to anticipate this 300 or so basis point increase to be in there in the future and depending upon what other kind of initiatives that come up from Switzerland or such, but we think that will probably continue at that type of rate from a book standpoint.
Douglas G. Boessen: Great. And regarding free cash flow, currently, for 2017, based on the current guidance we have, we anticipate free cash flow about $500 million. And as you mentioned, that includes the increased CapEx as well as you saw in 2016, we had quite a bit improvements on working capital. You probably won't see as much of those working capital improvements inventory, as well as the assumed year-over-year change in the operating income also.
