Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, we don't quantify any of the particular categories within our segments, but I would say that auto has been performing well this year, particularly around new programs such as the Honda programs as well as our existing programs with Daimler and others.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, so activity trackers declined on a year-over-year basis. We don't really track sequentially, but year-over-year, as we said in our remarks, they continue to decline. In terms of quantifying what those represent, we don't comment on specific categories, but as the decline has been fairly steep, I would say that the basic trackers have become much less of an influence in our overall results.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, as we remarked, OEM and aftermarket categories both grew in the quarter. I think that we have been fairly hesitant to call a growth inflection on OEM, because I think seeing trends in the market and trying to establish those has been difficult in this market, but it is encouraging. In terms of the aftermarket size, as we remarked, ADS-B is a significant driver of growth in that area, and there is also pull-through effects of other equipment that we're selling as people upgrade their aircraft. That will continue into 2018 and 2019, as well as the mandate that operators have to comply with as at the end of 2019.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. On an annualized basis, it's approximately $30 million. In Q4, it's the seasonally lowest quarter for any marine business, so we're not expecting any significant impact on our Q4.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. We'll give you more color on that in February when we give our 2018 guidance, but we expect it to be relatively similar to what you're seeing currently. We'll update you if anything changes while we're going through our planning process with that.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think you know there's a lot of investment going in the auto market for sure. Our focus has really been in other categories such as aviation and marine. We do have sensor technology and attitude technologies that could be useful, but our focus is really on our primary markets.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So in terms of overall market, we believe there's somewhere around 100,000 to 120,000 aircraft that will be equipped over time. We're approximately 20% to 25% through that cycle; and up to this point, we've been commanding in terms of unit share approximately 75% of the market.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So Q4, we are up against a stronger comparable from last year. So that's factored into our thinking. Also it's the end of the year, so while aviation tends to be a little more steady business, certainly some of that business will slow down in terms of overall activity as people think about holidays and so forth. So, we're putting something out there that we believe is achievable. And that's the situation as we see it right now.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think in terms of the gross margin, there's some puts and takes quarter-to-quarter, but we did have some additional warranty expenses for the quarter that impacted our gross margin, but we would expect that to normalize as we go forward.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, I think so far the feedback has been favorable on the device. I think people appreciate the device for its size, for the features and what we brought to the market. We're still rolling out additional features in the product as well. Our Garmin Pay will launch later this month. So, there's still more work to be done. In terms of channel sell in, we're still shipping products into the channel, so there's probably some constraints that are still out there, but we're still filling in anticipation of the Q4 selling season.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think particularly they were strong in certain European countries and we've positioned ourselves in that market to be able to try to pick up as much of that share as possible.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So, in terms of I think maybe your question was around, how much of our sales are going to perhaps existing customers who are upgrading. We definitely see some of that, especially people that bought into the early generations of fēnix, but we're also expanding the base quite a bit. And I think fēnix is becoming a brand name that's associated with both adventure lifestyles and aspirational lifestyles and so we're seeing some expansion because of that. In terms of our future roadmap and pricing, certainly we have a very active roadmap. So, I can't comment on the details of that, but our goal is to be able to continue to bring innovation to the market and to be able to keep an established price point as we go forward.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So, outdoor, fēnix again as we've remarked has been doing very well also our inReach devices and subscription-based services that have been doing very well. So, that's the primary drivers behind the increase in outdoor. In fitness, as we've been saying the basic activity tracker market has been in steep decline, so that's been an impact on us throughout this year. And also our product introduction timing came later this year versus what it did in 2016. And so those two factors impacted both the outdoor and fitness. I would mention that if you combine those two and look at the combined revenues and the growth on a year-to-date basis, we're up 7% in both outdoor and fitness combined, which reflects, I think a better picture of the overall wearable category and where it's going.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, I think for fitness, we're targeting you know mid-50s and a 20% kind of range in terms of operating margin.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. We still see PNDs running in the same trajectory as what we've been seeing. The improved outlook is really around the OEM outperformance as well as some of the new categories that we're shipping into the market such as Speak the eLog.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I can't really comment on the future plan, but as I mentioned with outdoor, we've got a very active product roadmap in fitness as well, and so we'll continue to introduce new products as we go forward.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So you're right. Impact definitely is a new category for us. It's a totally different market. I think like many products that we deliver here at Garmin, they're driven by our own passions within the company. So this is something we wanted to explore and we thought we had some innovation we could bring to the market. In terms of other categories we're exploring, I really can't give any color on that right now, but I would say that we are actively working on some new things and we should have some new things to offer in the coming year.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, I think the physics are fundamentally similar. I think at this point we don't have any thoughts around that particular market, but I think the platform is something that could be extended to tennis.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think you're probably talking about Connect IQ on our watch platform. And so the answer is, yes. We do have monetization in our roadmap for Connect IQ, and that's something we're working with our developers on.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think it's probably a combination of both, Tavis. I think definitely we've realigned our spending around fitness in terms of the opportunity there, and targeting where we see potential for growth. And then, also really kind of fixing our number around what we think is a sustainable run rate going forward.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think for fēnix, sell-in and sell-through is pretty much normalized. We've spent part of Q2 and into Q3 building the channel and I think at this point we feel like the channel is mostly stabilized.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we definitely have all of the same doors that we've had in the past for sure. In some cases, the shelf space within those doors has been expanding. For example at Best Buy, our overall shelf space has been expanding there. But we're also expanding into other channels as well. For instance, we're in Macy's. We're in several jewelry chains, such as Kay, Zales and Jared, we'll be in Dillard's and JCPenney as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So, in terms of market share the previous comment was around specifically ADS-B, which is one particular product category within mostly the aftermarket segment. So that's where the 75% number came from. In terms of OEM, our market share really depends on the product or the aircraft category. So, in the smaller piston-engine aircraft category, it's north of probably 90%, but as you move up into the various categories particularly beyond light jets then our share starts to come down.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, we don't break out numbers by categories within segments. So, I can't really provide specific color on that. Again, only commenting generally that fēnix family and particularly fēnix 5 has been a significant driver of growth in outdoor. And in terms of inReach, it's a very nice incremental category for us, but probably not moving the needle the same way that fēnix 5 is.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So Alphamantis brings additional technology to our portfolio allowing us to create new product categories within our cycling area. I think as a company, they've been focused on more the technical side of the business, particularly with very technical and professional riders, but it's our goal to be able to try to bring that technology down into the mass market.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. This is Doug. Regarding the FX impact, for Q3, there was about a $13 million tailwind. Assuming that we have similar FX levels currently, we would expect a Q4 tailwind to be similar to what we saw in Q3.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. Well, obviously, we'll go through and can give you a little more color on that in February 2018, but we expect similar type of run rates going forward.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. Sure should give you a little impact on the 53rd week. On the revenue line item, there was about $18 million relating to that one week, and then as it relates to operating expenses, there was about $10 million of operating expenses.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. So, as it relates to CapEx that we have, so basically, we have about $130 million that we're expecting for CapEx this year, about $70 million or so of that is relating to the late expansion here. And we expect to continue with expansion for the next couple of years.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. So Tavis, yes, we went through that process. And right now we have concluded that it's not probable. We have a loss based upon the accounting terms. And so we do not have an accrual recorded for any of the Navico. But we did file our Q this morning to give full disclosure transparency to the situation and we did indicate that it's reasonably possible that we could incur a loss up to $114 million, but no accrual is probable at this time.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. Sure. So Tavis, at end of Q3, we had a few things, one of which you know we had strong demand for you know finished product, aviation products. Also it was relating to the timing, some of the product launches. So we had a large number of product launches here in the Q3, so we had to build up for that. So the inventory was higher here in Q3. Sequentially going into Q4, we should expect that to go down, but year-over-year Q4 2017 versus Q4 2016, we'll still be up.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. So, relating to – you were saying to aviation versus outdoor, we actually do break out the R&D with each all of our segments in our Q, so you can get that from our Q.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. We probably think that was a one-time hit on that warranty that hits in Q3. We don't expect that specific item that we referred to recur in Q4.
