Cliff Pemble: Okay. Good morning, Charlie. Yes. In terms of OEM, as reported last quarter in the GAMA results, General Aviation Manufacturers Association, there's been strength across the categories of business jets that were on, as well as strength in the piston aircraft, particularly addressing the training market. So that's driving continued momentum into Q3 and beyond. We see those opportunities as ongoing, because particularly in the training market the need for pilots is very acute and the demand for aircraft trainers is high. In terms of ADS-B and its impact, it's definitely a growth driver for us. But even absent that particular category, we saw strong growth in the business. We're gaining confidence that going forward the cockpit modernization efforts that we're seeing across the fleet and demand for new aircraft should lead to positive results for the segment.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. We're definitely seeing unit growth in the business. So the market is expanding and we're taking share as people recognize the value of our solutions and the capability of our products. We do see some ASP benefits as well as we introduce higher end products like the fenix six line with unique features as well as MARQ, so there's a positive impact there as well.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we've seen the speculation obviously around Fitbit and Google. It's really hard to say what we can think about that without any kind of formal announcement and whether or not it's even a real thing. We believe that Fitbit's customer base is very different from ours and our product focus is also different. So it's not something that we believe impacts us and we're not worried about it. In terms of other opportunities, we look at every opportunity basically in terms of what it can bring to Garmin both in terms of technology or product lines. So we would evaluate any of those opportunities based on that and what we can achieve with it going forward.
Cliff Pemble: I think generally the military and defense is an area of interest and potential growth for us. We've been focused on adapting our off the shelf products into those opportunities rather than doing full custom bid development, kind of, work. So those are the opportunities we're mostly focused on.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So in terms of product introductions, we're mostly set for the remainder of the year. So we have a very strong lineup going into Q4. With any new product announcement, ramping up is always a challenge for any company. So we're in the process of doing that and that's part of the inventory situation with us as well as we build inventory to build these products and deliver them during the fourth quarter.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So definitely we are taking a different approach to some of these markets by offering unique kinds of products, especially appealing to people who want to differentiate themselves rather than wearing the same kind of product. So that does lead to higher SKUs. It does lead to higher levels of inventory and that's something that we use as a tool in the business. We've seen some normalization of these amounts because we're focused on safety stock in the inventory and reducing risk, making sure that we can deliver the products that we want to deliver to the market especially during the selling season. So in terms of yields and things like that, I mean -- again like I mentioned as new products ramp there are initial challenges, but our factory is working very hard and the product is flowing to the market.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So the China opportunity will be ramping up starting in later 2020 and into the 2021 model year. So that's what we've been preparing for in the first phase of this opportunity with BMW. In terms of making additional investments for our business that comes after that opportunity we're in that process right now. We've been hiring additional people in the automotive segment to support that business and we're in the process of selecting new sites that will produce the product especially in the European markets.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of the operating margin in aviation, we're experiencing some solid leverage in the business as the revenues have outpaced our need to grow expenses. I would say that, we would still like to hire more people, engineering people in aviation in order to be able to support ongoing opportunities that are going on there, but we're managing and it is giving us some leverage in the business. In terms of the expectations for the profit, I mean, at these kinds of investment levels and these kinds of revenues obviously we should be able to be pretty predictable in terms of our operating profit. But as the business changes we'll of course adjust and evaluate. For ADS-B, we're expecting that the opportunity will of course begin to flatten. That's inevitable as we go into the fourth quarter and into next year, but we do see spillover business into next year particularly the first half as shop capacity still remains limited so there's mostly linear output from shops right now, and there's still more aircraft that need to be equipped. There are new opportunities as you pointed out, so Europe is one of those and also Canada is evaluating their compliance as well. Both of these I would say are interesting to us. But obviously the majority of the aircraft and the opportunities have been in the U.S. based ADS-B but they'll be nice enhancers for the coming years.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we're preparing to be very promotional in fitness in Q4, particularly in the advanced wellness products that are more of the consumer variety that are sold through the mass market outlet, so we're prepared for that. And in terms of specifics on product lines, definitely our new products have done very well. There's a lot of interest and excitement around those. The Forerunners have been doing very well and the sell-through is meeting our expectations, so we have no concerns there.
Cliff Pemble: I think it's something that gets sold through the OEM provider. So in many cases on these more advanced aircraft that we're targeting they contain the systems that are needed to be able to do the function, particularly like auto throttle, although there are some additional control elements that are needed. But in general, that's something that will be sold through and priced on their end.
Cliff Pemble: There is a significant amount of complexity that goes along with the system. And so building it into the aircraft at design and production of new aircraft is the best way to do that. It's technically possible to bring it into other aircraft but I think that's something we have to evaluate on a case-by-case basis.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So the Cirrus SF50 and the Piper M600 are the first two platforms. We have been working with both manufacturers to implement and certify the system. And they are in the final process of the aircraft level certification for the function and should be a feature then that they would offer in their 2020 model years.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. It's definitely something that can be offered as part of our G3000 systems. And even beyond we can do the G5000 as well. But it's something that's part of our core technology offerings for Garmin.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think, it's probably somewhere in between the two scenarios you outlined. Definitely as you pointed out, we have reached the low bar if you will on the number of aircraft that we'd equip. There's probably still an additional 25% of the fleet that remains in question in terms of what kind of equipment they would select or if they even equip or if aircrafts are retired which is also a scenario that's playing out for some kinds of aircraft. But we do think that the reality lies somewhere in between and we're planning on continued activity into the first half of 2020.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Outdoor was probably the one that was most impacted by product announcements within the quarter with the Fenix 6, so it did have a very positive impact on the outdoor segment. In general in fitness our new products that we introduced the running products in Q2 as well as the new activity trackers in Q3 also had a positive impact on the quarter.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So tax is meeting our expectations so they're right in line with what we expected. The growth of the other categories was better than we expected. So it meant that for the quarter the majority of our growth was actually organic within the segment but still tax met its expectations.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So definitely there is difference as you pointed out in the business models between the two companies and -- so I think some of the multiplier that you mentioned could be due to that. I would say that for us again, if we subtracted the impact of the ADS-B we still had very strong growth in our aftermarket business. And I attribute that to the fact that we have got great products and some of them don't even have anything to do with ADS-B such as our autopilot systems for example and also our aftermarket cockpits for things like the Excel and the XLS. So the dynamic is a little bit different. There definitely is an argument to be made that as people are motivated to upgrade to ADS-B they're also upgrading the other equipment. And we said that before, it's difficult to quantify how much of that is interrelated. And there is quite a bit of cockpit equipment that needs modernization. Many cockpits are decades old and the equipment now that is offered in the market is compelling and allows people to upgrade their aircrafts into newer safer, more reliable equipment. So we see that dynamic continuing even when ADS-B peaks and fades.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I feel like our OEM business is actually targeting the sweet spot of where aviation is right now. The -- as I mentioned in other questions, the trainer market is something that will see continued demand for several years to come as the pilot shortage is reckoned with in the industry, and as there's significant demand for trainer aircraft to train these pilots. And then, the class of aircraft that we're on is kind of the midsized business jet on down. And so, again that's where this is kind of a sweet spot right now, particularly in this economy as these tend to be -- tend to tilt more towards owner flown or the fractional areas which has been a very strong area for us. So, we see continued opportunity in the OE side. You asked the question about how significant, is it relative to the overall segment. And as we remarked in the past, the segment is roughly split evenly between retrofit and OEM. So, OEM is definitely a strong influencer in our business, and we see opportunities going forward that will continue.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think if you look at the public information that's available for the industry through GAMA, they detail that out pretty well, but we have a strong market share across all of those platforms.
Cliff Pemble: I think in terms of margin percentage, we don't see any impact from that. We see this as an opportunity to provide additional content onto the aircraft platform which in turn leads to profit dollars. So, that's our view.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. We are pleased with the sell-through and we're working very hard to deliver on the backlog that we have in that product. We are seeing people step-up to the higher end versions particularly the larger Fenix 6X and interest in 6X Pro Solar is also very strong. So, there's a lot of positives in the Fenix line that are driving our business.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Sure. It's great. So I'll give you a little bit of perspective on our operating structure and you said between our advertising SG&A and R&D. So thinking about it on a full year basis as a percentage of sales, what we're thinking about as it relates to advertising, we anticipate advertising as a percentage of sales to be relatively flat year-over-year. So with that, we will be spending more advertising dollars this Q4 than we did last Q4. And that's primarily a function of just having new product launches. So we will be very targeted in our advertising depending upon what those product launches are. As it relates to SG&A, thinking about SG&A full year percentage of sales anticipate that to be relatively flat year-over-year also. What we have in there is a piece of that is due to acquisitions. The other piece of it is just general a merit other type of inflational type of increases we have in SG&A. Thinking about R&D, as a full year percentage of sales, we would -- right now we look at that probably about 50 basis points lower than this year than last year. From a dollar standpoint, there will be an increase. The situation there is that we are capitalizing some of our R&D expenses. There are certain auto OEM contracts that include contractual guarantees for reimbursements of R&D expenses. So in those cases R&D expense are capitalized they're put on the balance sheet until that cash is received from our OEM receipt. And I should say the expense structure that -- depending upon what kind of different product launches we have, and kind of advertising some of that will fluctuate quarter-over-quarter. But right now, we're getting some nice leverage due to our sales also.
Doug Boessen: I really think it's a function of that top line sales we have. So here's what I would say. We'll continue to invest in R&D, as we continue to have new products over a period of time, and some of those we will invest before the products come in that situation, but we'll continue to invest appropriately to support our diversified line of products over a period of time as we go through.
Doug Boessen: Sure. As it relates to free cash flow for the full year, we would estimate our full year free cash flow to be around $575 million. That includes CapEx estimate for the full year of about $125 million. And regarding inventory, yeah, inventory is up year-over-year Q3, would expect that to be up at year-end compared to year-end last year also. We expect to probably be up around 25% year-over-year due to some of the things that Cliff mentioned just making sure that we do have ample days of supply to support diversified product lines we do have.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. So – sorry, $575 million. So its $575 million we anticipate for the full year. So with that as it relates to working capital those are – as it relation to 2020 we'll kind of look at that and get planning cycle for that. But as inventory, we mentioned we do anticipate, there to be some level of inventory that's going to be higher on a year-over-year basis just due to having more inventory to support our ongoing business.
Doug Boessen: Yes. As we mentioned, yes, the advertising we would expect those to be higher in the Q4 period of time just to new product launches and such that we'd have there.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Correct. Our working capital is what that headwind is that's causing the overall free cash flow to come down just increased inventory, as well as you will see the receivables up year-over-year. That's just a function of having higher sales but it's really a function of working capital, primarily in the inventory we talked about.
Paul Chung: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So first off, just on aviation margins, you're seeing a nice step-up in operating margins kind of over the course of the last three years some scale benefits on ADS-B and your core business I assume. So your gross margins have been pretty steady, but if you could kind of expand on what's behind that step-up there? And do you expect that mid-30% range to stand as we look beyond fiscal year 2019? And then can you also kind of help us size the ADS-B opportunity in Europe and the runway there and your kind of expectations for overall demand next year after the deadline in the U.S.? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Paul Chung: Okay. Thanks. And then on – second question on free cash flow. Looks like you got a bit larger-than-normal inventory drag this quarter and kind of less accounts receivable uplift than usual. You already mentioned, it's a combination of new products and tax probably ahead of seasonally strong 4Q. But just wanted to get your thoughts on free cash flow to kind of end the year should we expect slightly more outsized 4Q than usual? And do you have any estimate on where you think inventory balances will be in 4Q or is it too early days? Thank you.
Paul Chung: So in that $525 million is that more of a timing of kind of working cap and you expect maybe slightly more normalization in the first half of 2020 or how should we think about that? Thank you.
Nick Todorov: Okay. And if we can shift gears to fitness, can you provide us some color on the gross margin there, which I was a little bit surprised given the revenue ramp up and the strength there. I understand tax is dilutive here, but is there anything else besides that affecting margins? And can you give us some color on the sell-through of the new products. And specifically, Forerunners, I noticed that they were not highlighted in your remarks and presentation. And I know those were a core part of your portfolio and relatively new here in 2019. And – yes, that's the question there on fitness.
Nick Todorov: Just a few follow-ups. One on auto line, it sounds like it's a product that -- it has a little bit more heavy on the software side. Is that correct, A? And if it's correct how should we think about the margin contribution to the overall aviation segment? I'm assuming that should be accretive, but are you willing to provide any color on that? Thanks.
Nick Todorov: Okay. And quickly on Fenix. I know it's pretty early Cliff, but can you give us some sense on how you sell-through relative to your expectations? And specifically are you willing to talk about mix within Fenix or would suggest that you're seeing some benefit from customers mixing up and buying higher end Fenix watches. So, if you can give us any color there that would be helpful. Thanks.
