Clifton A. Pemble: Well we don't really provide information on our expectations by segment other than the basic guidance that we've earlier laid out. So I think quarter by quarter, we have a lot of seasonality in our business and also cadence of our product releases and so that can create certainly ups and downs in terms of the overall yearly averages.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well I think we didn't start delivering the fēnix 5 until late in the first quarter of 2017 and so consequently much of Q1 of 2018 was not comping against that initial fill-in and Q2 was our biggest fill-in quarter in fēnix 5.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think the general trend for basic trackers, continues as we have been remarking and as the market has been demonstrating, there is pockets of strengths geographically and also by product lines that we have, but generally we see a downward trend to that in terms of breaking that out as a percentage of sales of fitness, we don't do that.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So, I think we saw broad strength in retrofit and OEM product lines. I think there's a lot of data on the overall situation with OEMs and I think they're seeing some incremental improvements in their business although it's a low-single-digit. For us, I think it's a matter of product mix – the products that we're delivering as opposed to the general market, the small and medium size airplanes as well as single-engine airplanes are doing well. And also on the retrofit side, we're seeing general strength due to the ADS-B mandate which is also pulling in additional equipment purchases as people upgrade their panels.
Clifton A. Pemble: Definitely, we have a much more difficult comparison through the remainder of the year because of the fēnix 5 launch. So we're expecting that and that's reflected in our outlook. In terms of product refresh I can't comment on the specific timing, but we do have a very active roadmap across our segments including in outdoor and so we expect more product releases throughout the remainder of the year.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, fitness is really driven by other tougher comps we had significant selling of new products in Q4 of 2017 and so that's a factor and then we also have the issue of the ongoing decline of the basic activity trackers which we're factoring into our overall outlook.
Clifton A. Pemble: No, I would say it was mostly just some general variance that we would see, especially with lighter sales as we did some promotions and things that could have impacted the overall margin level but we would generally expect mid-40s kind of gross margins. We would expect the operating margins to come up, because Q1 is the seasonally lowest quarter and we should be in a much better position Qs – Q2 through Q4 with more sales leverage.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think in terms of surprise, no, I think we are doing very well with our inReach business both hardware and subscription base so that provide us some additional boost to the segment as well. But beyond that everything was pretty much in line with what we would have expected.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, aviation doesn't really have the seasonality that many of our other markets do, but we would generally expect that our business would follow the trends in the industry and also be driven by these upside opportunities with ADS-B.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think there is a – excuse me, there's definitely a long supply chain in aviation. And so the rapid moves in terms of growth are probably a little bit more challenging. I think the remarks that some of our partners have already made on the state of the industry really reflect how we would view it as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, some of the boat builders have reported that their business was slightly down in the quarter and I think weather is definitely a real thing, when people are thinking about bringing out their boats and there's feet of snow outside that's a little bit challenging. So we believe that the start of the season was impacted. And the other thing that I mentioned in my remarks is that last year, we are comping against the significant growth of 26% which the season kind of started earlier last year. So there's a little bit of variance in terms of how the seasonality has gone, but we would expect that Q2 should be stronger.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think 645 is a great new product launch and we did see some benefit from the sell-in phenomenon. We're basically now waiting to see how things go with the sell-through. So I would say at this point we're probably pretty much caught up in terms of overall sell-in.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, Ben. I'll maybe comment on that, I would say that as our product mix and as the market has evolved we're fine tuning our approach. So we were able to take some benefit in Q1, we would expect that we would probably have similar to 2017 in Qs – Q2, Q3, Q4 in terms of our overall advertising.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, I would say that the shop capacity is constrained. Right now we're seeing increasing lead times that shops are reporting when customers are coming in, looking for options to upgrade their airplanes. I think the availability of the technicians is definitely a factor and then just overall the number of shops and their general floor space capacity is a challenge. That said, people are still getting in, people are making appointments and they're starting to realize that it's definitely time to upgrade. In terms of percentage of fleet, I would – it's a little bit hard to specifically quantify it. We believe we're roughly 50% through the fleet. People that will upgrade and there will be some tail laggers (24:55) that probably spillover past 2020 or into 2020 as they perhaps sunken into (25:02) the shop or maybe they don't think they need to upgrade until they try flying in the new environment.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. Yeah. So, APAC definitely is growing from a smaller base. So the growth numbers are higher. They're doing very well in the wearable areas. Several countries are very strong in terms of wearables. And in that market the – even many categories in the fitness area including basic trackers are doing well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, we think we are very flexible in ramping up our capacity. We're currently investing approximately $200 million to more than double our production capacity for aviation. So, we're ready to serve when OEMs need to increase their forecasts.
Clifton A. Pemble: Incrementally, I would say that as we grow with market growth, I would say we would get leverage as we bring on new aircraft platforms. We would need resources to be able to certify and develop the equipment for those aircrafts. So we may have to continue to invest some portion of that back into the business.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, to say the best way to understand that is simply segment and product mix across a very diverse and large set of product segments. So, on one hand on the very low end, the basic activity trackers are down and on the other hand, we have growth in many of our other segments. So there's probably not a lot that you can read into the number other than segment and product mix.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So Edge products were Q2 – those were announced and delivered basically simultaneously. In terms of fitness gross margin definitely we would see a trend upward as the lower margin activity trackers decline. But at the same time, we do want to caution that that the overall segment is competitive so we want to be able to promote our products and be able to maintain market share as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, in terms of the conference, we did see a significant growth in the number of attendees this year. We had 127 attendees that came for the attendees that we had last year, more than half of them returned to come to the conference again. And so we received a lot of positive remarks about the usefulness of the summit to them and the ability to answer their technical questions and to provide feedback to us on our product roadmap. So, we felt really good about it and something that we believe is helping us gain more momentum. In terms of the features we rolled out, we rolled out features around messaging, around music, and also mapping, but we also work with our developers to give them a way to monetize their app. So that's something that they will be able to control on their end and there's not as much infrastructure required on our end, but we do have the hooks in place now for them to be able to do that.
Douglas G. Boessen: Oh, yes. We still stay with our full year 19%. Part of the 16% there were some reserve releases there, so – maybe some lumpiness in the quarters depending on how those reserve releases that come out. But 19% is still our full year rate that we're anticipating.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. The Q1 – the tailwind was about $30 million and basically for our guidance we're assuming roughly the current euro rates.
Douglas G. Boessen: So, regarding Navionics, as Cliff mentioned, majority of the marine growth was due to Navionics. And I also we're on track with that and it was accretive in the first quarter. In relating to CapEx, no adjustments to free cash flow or CapEx forecast at this time.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah. So, just the cash, our priorities first of all related to reliable (27:57) dividend. We're closer to increasing our dividend this year. Second of which is investments back in the business similar to the expansion we have here at Olathe (28:06) facilities and then strategic acquisitions such as the Navionics and DeLorme acquisitions in the past.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah, Q1 came in strong on free cash flow primarily due to some working cap improvements especially in the accounts receivable standpoint. And right now we're keeping our same guidance for the full year to $560 million (30:56) right now.
