Cliff Pemble: Yeah, so as you stated we do have very strong share in the US. It is up over a year ago. We are now in the below 70% range versus last year in the 60% range. You are right that the upside potential there is more limited in Europe, we are currently in the low 30% range in the big five countries and we do see opportunities to gain share from both the third-tier players who continue to show weakness and exit the market as well as from the bigger players as well.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, typically, we see a sequential growth from Q3 to Q4 and we are still expecting that but I would say in general there are some macroeconomic uncertainties and primarily even the European condition, European economic conditions which is why we’ve tried to put in some level of conservatives in our fourth quarter. So sequential growth is normal but maybe a little bit below we would typically see.
Cliff Pemble: We really don't breakout, we don't breakout the profitability by the sub-segments there. Although, we definitely have auto OEM operating margins which are below our mobile and our P&D margins at this point, so.
Cliff Pemble: We expect to turn around it would be a flat to up for the fourth quarter driven by the new product introductions.
Cliff Pemble: We are making progress John as you know this market has a long cycle in terms of product development, but we are working on some additional programs which we are not prepared to announce yet.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, John we, don't break out, obviously Auto OEM versus aftermarket and the same is true in Marine. I would say though that we've been under penetrated in OEM for many years and so we see it as a growth opportunity. Keep in mind though that both building is at some of the lowest levels that's been in many decades, so its not the same opportunity that it was four or five years ago.
Cliff Pemble: I think we have most of those covered at this point. We are investing heavily in R&D to fill some of those holes as well as refresh our product line which is some of the comments we made behind the margin compression there.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, Charlie I think some of that is due to product mix in the PND segment which is driving the overall gross margin picture. So that's probably the biggest factor. In terms of the Apple situation, I think our App sales are pretty much steady, some up tick that the result is really not significant. We feel the consumers that are looking for premium navigation are not impacted or influenced by the availability of free solutions that are on the platforms.
Cliff Pemble: Charlie, I think as we mentioned, the low end of the market has been left uncovered by us since the exit of the 305. So we feel like that is an opportunity for us to expand our sales again in that segment of the market. And then as we get closer to the vector release, we do believe that’s an opportunity for growth as we're currently not represented in the power market.
Cliff Pemble: If you look historically at what happens between Q3 and Q4 sequentially, we typically see a pretty significant drop in gross margin, so we are expecting the gross margins in the business to be below 50%. Secondly we are in a period because of the holiday season while we see a significant increase in advertising, so we will have some sequential growth and both media spend and cooperative advertising due to the higher volumes. So those are the two major impacts on driving our EPS assumptions in Q4. 
Cliff Pemble: No, nothing else sort of that, just looking at the top line and our expectations across the various segments that I just laid out in our earlier questions.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, Andrew definitely our OEM is growing because of our Chrysler relationship as well as now in Suzuki. As we mentioned before, we don't breakout OEM versus PND so we are not prepared to give much color beyond that. In the PND market though on one condition that we faced last year is that the channel was a very lean and so this year the channel have been recovering and we believe we outperformed other markets to some extend because the channel is getting back to more normal levels. And then the second factor associated with our better performance in PND is that we are taking market share.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, James in terms of the retailer commitment and activities going into Q4, it’s largely what we have seen in last year. There's going to be major promotions at all of the major retailers including Floor Displays and Black Friday advertisements and the Garmin is also doing a TV campaign as well. So we are really don't feel a lot of change in that respect, some of our other product lines are getting more attention during this holiday season. So there will be a lot of activity around golf and sports as well. So we believe that those will be also popular products in the fourth quarter. In terms of the ongoing PND decline, we would at this point expect to see the market continue to be in a secular decline position for 2013. We haven't forecasted that as of yet but right now rates are running in the range of 15% to 20% depending on the market and we would see that continuing into 2013. 
Cliff Pemble: Okay, thanks Stephanie, and thank you everyone for contributing and for listening in. We look forward to finishing the year strong and updating you at the next quarterly conference call. So have a great day. 
Kevin Rauckman: No, actually we feel like our cash flow has been at or above expected and if you look at just the operating income results, those are really by segment. That’s really what's driving that cash flow. So we still see you point out the automobile. We feel the strong cash flow generation trend from the automobile segment as we do from all the other business segments that we have. So, moving forward, we would expect continued strong cash flow even in through 2013 or maybe short-term or some nominal impact, negative levels just due to the deferred revenues as we discussed as those move from being a headwind against us into positive as we go forward in 2013.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay, Simona thanks for the questions. The first question on revenue, we have really came in very close to our expectations during this quarter in total revenue and so we didn’t believe that there was any reason to update our guidance so we still hold the $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion revenue for the full year of 2012. And looking at the fitness, clearly we did have some short-term impacts last year as you mentioned the Forerunner 10 while, it began shipping in Q3. We are really expecting a much stronger contribution from the Forerunner 10 product in the holiday season in Q4. So it had some impact but relatively small impact from that product. I think I mentioned $2.7 billion on revenue. So it’s actually $2.75 billion to $2.8 billion on the total businesses revenue guidance.
Kevin Rauckman: I think as you naturally a holiday selling, we have not only on the Forerunner 10 but just in general, we have lower price and lower costs on that product, so we will have some impact on margins we would say overall focus fitness in the automobile segments typically have a lower margins in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: Well, we don't clearly anticipate a significant impact. And our Q4 guidance takes into account some level of the global macro economic weakness and consumer uncertainties stemming from various sources including the catastrophic effects of Sandy, but at this point we feel like those would be pretty nominal.
Kevin Rauckman: I think as Cliff mentioned the six certifications and that the expansion that we are seeing, we are expecting this year to be 0% to 5% even though there has been some difficult environment, difficult industry. So we would expect that that would increase next year and again we are not deploying where we can give exact guidance, but we are optimistic about the Aviation business and the most recent wins that we've announced.
Kevin Rauckman: We don't really see any significant impacts on channel; the product have been moving as expected through the channel, so no expectations on any kind of sell in versus sell out discrepancies for outdoor or for automobile.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think in general, your numbers are pretty accurate. Maybe the aviation gets a slight growth in the quarter, but in general flat up on fitness. Outdoor, probably has a slight growth as well, but given the expectations on PND we're being conservative there. We believe just due to some of the conditions, especially as I mentioned in Europe.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, Scott, definitely those products and bikes and multi-sport are definitely higher end. We still have a very strong presence in what we call the running market which is the Forerunner 610 and that’s where the Forerunner 305 and now the Forerunner 10 moved. We feel that our share has been pretty much stable, some erosion due to the low end solution but we have done pretty well with the market that’s been asking us is there something to replace those revenues on the low end. 
Kevin Rauckman: Well we are pretty much there now in terms of refreshing our product cycle. The cycle in marine is probably a little longer than two years it tends to be two to three years, but we have been investing heavily and we will be refreshing our line in the coming year. 
Kevin Rauckman: Well, at this point, we have no approved buyback program, it’s something that we could consider in terms of the use of cash but at this point we don't have anything to announce. It definitely gives a little bit more flexibility but we don't have anything that we can really discuss at this point.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, it was down primarily due to cooperative advertising. We did have a little bit of a decline in media spend as well and as we said in our formal remarks that put us down closer to 4% of sales. Typically, we would see that up between 5% and 6% of sales during the fourth quarter. So that's what we would expect in Q4.
