Cliff Pemble: Yes. Nik, we have a diversified business. And so, each segment and sometimes within each segments different product categories have different considerations, when it comes to pricing. We’re looking at a combination of both more broad price increases where we are able as well as resetting product pricing as we introduce new products. I think that’s most of what I would probably comment on right now and I think it will take some time for some of these changes of course, to come through, but I’m confident that we’ll be able to see a difference as time goes on.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think component constraints have been a challenge for a while now, as I mentioned in my remarks, vertical integration is a huge differentiating factor for us, because we’re able to use alternative components and we’re able to redesign things when we need to. And we have maintained very good relationships with suppliers. They’re under a lot of pressure at this time too. And they certainly get a lot of people beating them up. We try to focus on relationships. But that said, particularly in aviation, you mentioned end of life as a potential issue. That’s really not a new thing in aviation. I think avionics designs tend to have longer life cycle. So consequently, we’ve dealt with that issue for a long time and we manage through that mostly through a combination of redesigns and also safety stock. So again, I think we’re able to handle this situation better than most because of our strong R&D and our focus on vertical integration.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think the handheld and dog products as I mentioned, Paul, the back orders for those of course, push into the New Year, and those were driven by supply constraints that we experienced at the end of last year. Those are getting incrementally better, although, we still are taking a wait and see attitude, that we’re building and shipping everything that we can. I think that those categories, are meaningful, but small in the overall scheme of the outdoor segment. So, I don’t think you’re really going to notice a lot of seasonality effect because of that. In terms of the guide, and the potential impact on from the new adventure watches that we introduce. The reception to those watches has been very strong as I mentioned. And of course, the interest in those products and the momentum from them is behind our 20% estimate growth for the year. So, we’re very pleased with that. And we think we’ll have a very good year in outdoor.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So definitely we’ve recovered a lot of revenue that went away after the ADS-B mandate. We expected that revenue to go away because it was a once in a generation mandate from the FAA to equip every general aviation aircraft, which once that’s done that opportunity, of course, has gone, but we’ve been able to recover those revenues through a strong product line, particularly our flight control systems are very strong, very well received in the market and that’s driven upgrades in cockpits. And as I mentioned in my remarks the general sentiment around OEM aircraft makers is that order books are strong. Customer interest is very strong, and of course, we’re in the bell curve of general aviation, which gives us the ability to grow along with the market there.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think Jeffrey, the opportunity in auto OEM, of course, is the large scale that, that comes with these big programs. So that’s what we’ve been investing to bring to market. As I mentioned they do come with a different margin profile that hasn’t really been our concern relative to the rest of the business, because we’re focusing on the revenue growth and the scale opportunity. But the challenge for us in going forward, of course, is proving that we can get that scale and also be profitable in the business.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think your question is interesting. I – we’re not here, of course, to talk about specific names, but I think I understand your comment. And I would say that our indoor cycling products are very different from some of the headline companies that have been talked about a lot recently. Our products are focused on athleticism and performance. And we're not really in the spin bike business, which has been hit pretty hard by people returning to gyms. But in terms of a pull in there, there probably was some, people got interested in those kinds of products. So, they did equip their bikes, they did equip their homes with training devices, but as I mentioned we're seeing the market sell out, normalize around levels above that of 2019, which was the last normal year in that cycle. So, there's some high channel inventory right now, not necessarily specific to our product lines, but every trainer maker rushed into the market and filled the channels. And so that will take some time to work through. We expect probably the better part of this year before things really normalize.
Cliff Pemble: Well, lots of moving pieces Ben. And you've kind of hit on the major ones. The one thing I would just highlight in addition is that product life cycle differences between the two segments can definitely impact the growth patterns between the segments we're coming off a super strong launch in outdoor, as I mentioned with the new fēnix, the epix and the Instinct products, and the cadence of introductions and fitness is a little bit different combined that with the overall normalizing of the cycling market. That's why there's the difference between outdoor and fitness.
Cliff Pemble: I think we've mentioned before and is very typical in the auto business that the margins can be in the mid-to-high teens on certain highest volume product lines. So that's what we're expecting, I think that's what we've communicated before to the market.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think, we put out our view of the year based on a high level of confidence that we can achieve what we say. I think that we’ve seen a continual strength in the advanced wearable. That’s really all products with GPS smartwatch capability in our fitness product line. So, we – that includes runner that includes Venu and vívoactive and all those kinds of products. We’re coming off of strong releases from last year and some of the advanced consumer wearables, and then our running products have refreshes coming as well. So, all of those things coming together, we feel like will be positive things. And when you consider that events particularly races like 10-Ks, half marathons, marathons have been mostly canceled during the last two years as some of those start to come online, we think it will drive additional interest in running products.
Cliff Pemble: In terms of a potential pull forward in marine? It’s always a possibility, I suppose, but in general, the marine market has been very constrained with the supply of boats, whether it’s new boats from manufacturers or used boats, people are not letting go of their boats. And so consequently they’re equipping their boats, there are a lot of boats out there and use that have very old equipment. These are long lived assets on the boats. So, there’s plenty of opportunity for retrofit in the market. And as the new boats are built, many of them are equipped with government products. And so, we believe that the growth opportunity in marine is still very good. In terms of Vesper just quickly comment on that. I would say that it’s a technology and engineering acquisition for us. So, it’s not material in terms of revenue or cost structure, but the group had very significant design capabilities in the area of VHF radios. And so that’s an area we want to build our capability in.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I would say Erik it’s really the same factors that drove 2021 carry forward into 2022. We see strong demand from the – the both builders as they ramp up production to fill the demand. They’ve got historic back orders on their books as well. So, they’re increasing their production that benefits us. And then generally the enthusiasm around new technologies in marine, particularly the fishing area and the advanced sonars that we offer continues to be strong, bringing new people into the market, causing them to replace their old equipment, including both sonars and chartplotter. So, these trends have been the same for a while now, and we expect those to continue in 2022.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we're prepared with plenty of factory capacity. We have always focused on a strong supply chain in aviation so that we can meet the needs of our customers. And as I mentioned in my remarks, absolutely we see the demand from the OEM side and they're reporting robust orders and so we feel like we're very prepared for the increases that they're looking at.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we're always working on things and of course we can't share anything in advance, but we're always working with new customers and new platforms.
Cliff Pemble: They're. I suppose, they're similar in some respects, but they're really very different and they probably appeal to different users, but they've both been very strong. We're especially pleased of course with epix. I think people have embraced that very quickly and in both of those product lines, we're seeing very strong demand, which exceeded our expectations.
Cliff Pemble: I think that the situation is challenging, like everyone is reporting. So, we are no different than that. We see the same things and we're working on managing that situation. The best we can. It's a pragmatic balance between product availability, which speaks to shorter, faster shipment methods, which of course are more expensive versus inventory levels, which allow us to get inventory on slower modes of transportation, which are more affordable. So, we're, doing our best to balance and I think we have a lot of levers that we can use in doing that.
Cliff Pemble: And I think retail channels were very dry for all the reasons that we know. And so certainly retailers wanted to have inventory available, so that they could sell to customers. But at this moment, we feel like sell through is very good. We can definitely track sell through, through our product registrations and our app platforms, and we feel good about what we see there and we don't believe there's any imbalances that are material out in the channel, except for the ones we've noted, which is really the trainer market.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think, we have been the beneficiary of some of the challenges that others have faced. So, our investments in inventory, our investments in capacity and our ability to be agile with our product designs has helped us a lot in several segments.
Doug Boessen: Sure. So yes, percentage of sales for the full year and looking at the different categories, I’ll talk about it on the new methodology from that standpoint. That’s the way we’re reporting in 2022 and recasting 2021. So, we expect, on overall operating expenses as a percentage of sales year-to-year probably about 120 basis point increase year-over-year. And looking at the various categories first advertising, we expect advertising as a percentage of sales to be up slightly, maybe about 10 basis points. And looking at R&D, we expect that to be up probably about 40 basis points as a percentage of sales. There we’re continuing to make investments and head count as well as compensation related items impacting R&D. Then in SG&A we expect that to be up about 70 basis points as a percentage of sales year-over-year. There the big driver is primarily IT costs, but also, we’ll see increased costs in other parts of our business, such as product support, operations, just because of increased volume as well as more consumers and users.
Doug Boessen: Yes, this is Doug. We don’t give a breakout of the different components of gross margin on freight. I can give a little bit background on what’s driving that. The 50-basis point decline, so we do expect to see higher supply chain costs year-over-year. Freight increased during the year in 2021. So, we’re going up against tougher comps in freight first part of the year. Also, we’ll see some headwinds relating to FX, also foreign exchange rate in there too, that will give us some headwinds in there too. And then as Cliff mentioned, we’re looking to increase selling prices where we can. But as you mentioned, there’s a lot of puts and takes, a lot of moving parts and that gross margin you have, like you’ve mentioned, some different things relating to segment mix. And there we factored in new product launches, but there overall, still some headwinds on the supply chain side of things and FX that are bringing that I’ll say from an overall basis down about 50 basis points.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Regarding gross margin it's – lot of factors to take place there, product launches, new products take out consideration, some are more impacted on FX than other ones. And as Cliff mentioned some relating to selling prices. So, we do expect probably some kind of depressed overall consolidate, but I think it's going to be a mix among the various segments to get that overall, one. And I probably would say [indiscernible] one would probably would see that gross margins, we'd say that would be down year-over-year, just because the BMW would be a bigger piece of that overall business. And then fitness, also some of the pressures that they have probably be down there too, and allowance probably dependent upon what the product launches and all those different things related. Late into the cost side, yes, auto inside R&D expenses will probably be up over the previous year in 2021, but also, we're seeing increased investments across all of our businesses, R&D will make those investments to drive innovation as well as to see some – from the SG&A side of things, IT type of costs increasing, those type of things just higher level of our business, larger footprints. We have manufacturing operation, those type of things are driving some expenses in there also.
