Clifton Pemble: Yes. As we mentioned, George, we're not [indiscernible] our guidance. We're reaffirming what we said in February. The first quarter, as we mentioned, is the lowest seasonal quarter of our year, so there's a lot of the year left in front of us. So it's our practice to reevaluate more closer to the Q2 time frame.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think it was very difficult to predict what the outdoor performance would be because our Q1 of 2022 was so amazingly strong with the incredible launch of the Phoenix 7, the Epics and the Instinct. So it was a little hard to predict but we feel like the general trend was in line with what we expected. I think it's important to note that from a cyclical point of view, we're always introducing new products. And so we expect, as the year goes on, our performance will moderate and improve as those new products come out. And then in general, I would say, from the market standpoint and also the channel inventory, we don't see anything out there that's concerning. We have fantastic products that people want and the inventory and the channel appears to be at the correct levels.
Clifton Pemble: Okay. Yes. I think last quarter, Ben, we kind of outlined that we expect a significant ramp over the next 2 to 3 years, the awarded business that we have from BMW and others. Throughout this year, we, of course, expect that the ramp will accelerate into the back half as the new models are introduced and we begin deliveries from 3 different factory locations around the world to BMW's expanding model line that carries our products. In terms of the gross margin, operating margin profile, we've mentioned before, this is more typical Auto OEM structured business. So we would expect gross margins from the segment to gravitate towards the high double digits -- high teens, rather 19%, 20% operating margin and then gross margin and the operating margin would be more in line with the mid- to high single digits.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think what we're seeing in marine and aviation is as the supply chain issues have abated, definitely inventories in the channel are getting better. We did struggle some in marine last year quite a bit. In aviation, where we were able to kind of manage the situation to make sure that we kept all of our partners going, things are certainly much better and we see that inventories and the reflection of the past due orders are coming down to more healthy levels. In terms of those smaller partners, we really don't see any concern on -- in terms of them in their financial situations or their working capital. There's always exceptions but in general, it seems like the partners that we work with have healthy businesses.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, David, I would probably say right now, it's mostly timing as carmakers ramp up their new model years. And we'll see some variation from quarter-to-quarter as they adjust their plans. They are navigating a very complex supply chain. So sometimes things vary up and down but we try to be flexible and role with what they need from us.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think the promotions and retail activity that we've had so far in 2023 have been very successful. It shows that there's a lot of enthusiasm on the part of customers to obtain the latest technology and people are certainly excited by the promotions and the ability to obtain the products they want at lower prices. So we feel like that's going very well. In terms of other indicators in the market, I think there are some areas of the OEM market that are starting to slow down a bit in terms of where they were at a very torrid pace that typically tends to be in the lower-end boat ranges and inventories are starting to be more healthy, so people can actually buy some of those off of a lot now. But the mid- to upper range of the market where a lot of the boats are built to order, there's still many back orders as we understand it from our partners and they're still taking orders for those products. So we feel like there's still a lot of demand out there for -- especially the higher-end products.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think the pullback in co-op advertising was not a change in strategy by anyone. It was really just a matter of the sales volume that was being pushed last year in our Outdoor segment. So it's squarely associated with the dynamics of that product launch from last year. But there's no change in the commitment of retailers in terms of carrying these products and getting on board with the exciting launches that we have coming up.
Clifton Pemble: We're still seeing strong results from our direct-to-consumer. We're seeing growth in both online sales as well as subscriptions and services across the business. So we're very excited about that and we continue to look for ways to differentiate in that area.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think in terms of our performance in Q1 as compared to the last year, last year was somewhat uneven by quarter because of supply chain challenges that we had. So we would expect that to smooth out more this year. We've offered our guidance on aviation and we were able to certainly do well in first quarter. I would remind everyone that second quarter of last year was also up and down compared to the first quarter because of the supply chain issue. So we see that evening out. And right now, we feel very comfortable with our guidance and we'll update people after the end of Q2. In terms of the overall market, what we're hearing from our partners is that, again, orders are very strong, tend to be at least even book-to-bill, sometimes even greater book-to-bill. So there's a strong backlog out there and still a lot of people looking to obtain either new or recent model business jets, turboprops and even piston aircraft are in the popular demand. So we continue to see good trends in that area.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think, Paul, with regard to the 965 and 265 launches, what we've seen is that the 965 has been surprisingly popular at the top end of the range. So we see customers gravitating there and the demand has been a little bit stronger than what we had predicted which means that we're scrambling to catch up on some orders and things. But we're very delighted with that and it seems to me that coming into Q1 that the running market has been reinvigorated and we're excited to see that and we have some great products to offer there. In terms of user mix, I mean, specifically on those kinds of products, we tend to see kind of a balance of new users versus existing users. But across our wearables, the situation just varies depending on whether it's more of a consumer product such as our venue series or more of the specialty products like n Forerunner and Phoenix. So in terms of Q1 benefit, we did see some benefit there on these new products. But certainly, as we move into Q2, it should be stronger since we have a full quarter of those products available. And in terms of the profitability, the operating profit, specifically in fitness, it is under pressure for a few reasons. Year-over-year, we are carrying still some excess capacity on the tax side of things which is impacting our results as we work through the normalization of that market. And we did have some obsolescence that we took in the segment associated with some raw materials in the tax area which impacted our results. But our targets for the segment are more of the mid-teens operating profit.
Clifton Pemble: So as we mentioned, we started shipments for 2024 models of the X5 and the X6. So I guess maybe you have to in the state, you might have to wait to see some of those vehicles. We're delivering in Europe to additional models there and also in China.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think, Ivan, we are strategically focused on creating some recurring revenue across our product lines where we can offer additional value to our customers for content or services that go along with our products. So Plain Sync and the GDL60 is one example of that. In terms of Connect, as everyone knows, that's a long-standing app and relationship we have with millions of customers that use that every day. As we go forward, we're certainly examining ways that we can provide additional value to those customers as well as revenue opportunities for Garmin. But we're very careful about how we do that because we want to make sure that we don't take anything away from our users and we only provide additional value that they would be delighted with. So we're looking at that but it will take some time, I think, before we arrive at the final answer.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. Yes, I think Connect IQ certainly has a lot more opportunity to build on what is there with monetization and payment capability. We do have mobile payments on our devices and we certainly are looking at ways that we can extend that into a broader payment platform. On our wearables but we do have some work to do in order to put all the pieces together there.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, Erik, I would say that going into 2023, it was very difficult to predict what would be the ongoing effect, especially of the indoor trainer market which was one of the biggest impacts that we had in fitness last year. So it's going to take some time, obviously, as we move into 2023 to see what the demand trends are. We're really pleased with what's happened so far, definitely ahead of our expectations. And we certainly don't anticipate that things will go down from here. So -- but we need to see more of the year come in before we can decide what we think the 2023 outcome will be.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think a few thoughts there. Certainly, with the major change in the product mix within the segment compared to last year, that impacted our leverage and, of course, the sales coming down as well. So that's one factor. I mean this is a very happy problem because the segment is very strong in the upper 20% kind of operating margin. So we would see that improve as we have more new products that get introduced later in the year.
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think it really relates to the scale as the volumes increase. So we're looking for the revenues and the gross profits to contribute to offset the expenses that are there. So that's our plan based on the committed business that we have.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. No, I think we'll have a very strong first half of the year with new product introductions. And then we'll be in a good position in the back half to be able to work with promotions and holiday seasons with these products.
Clifton Pemble: I think we'll be heavily weighted in the front half of the year in terms of introductions in outdoor.
Clifton Pemble: There is probably more, I would say, balanced kind of product introduction calendar for fitness across the year. So we had some, obviously, in Q1 and we'll have some throughout the remainder of the year, some really exciting products, I think.
Clifton Pemble: I think Europe, we've said before, has tended to be a little more impacted by some of the geopolitical and macroeconomic issues that have been going on. But that said, if you even look at it on a constant currency basis, it's not bad. And I think certainly, Europe is more impacted by the year-over-year dynamics of the Phoenix Epic's launch from last year than other areas. I think Asia is generally as we expect. I think currency impacts are a factor there and, of course, also the year-over-year product introduction cycles.
David MacGregor: Okay. If I could just ask about the Marine business. We talked about that briefly a moment ago but I guess I'm just interested in what you're seeing in terms of order patterns early in the season. You mentioned that inventory seemed to be in good balance. I'm just wondering about retail sell-through and anything you're seeing there and then just replenishment of orders that may be coming in and give you some perspective on what to expect in the next couple of quarters.
David MacGregor: Okay, that's good color. Very strong new product introduction calendar here. So congratulations on the progress there. How would you characterize the willingness of retailers to support all that new product introduction with inventory? They seem a little more reticent at this point. Or I noticed you pulled back on -- are you seeing a pullback in cooperative advertising. So I'm just looking to kind of reconcile a couple of these points.
David MacGregor: Okay. Last question for me is just on your direct-to-consumer business growth and what you're seeing there.
David MacGregor: Okay. And just a follow-up. I guess, talk about Europe and Asia Pac and just what you're seeing there in terms of consumer behavior, consumer order patterns. Any color you can provide there would be helpful.
