Clifton Pemble: Yes. Good morning, Paul. In terms of potential drivers for upside, we're really not thinking about forecasting some of those. I would just point people back to the history in terms of the segment and our product introduction cadence around wearables, in particular, we have a very active product road map for the year. So we're factoring that in, but also recognizing that 2022 was a banner year for growth in those product lines. So that's really what's affecting our thinking, and that's what we use to create the guidance that we've offered. In terms of Consumer Auto, yes, those product lines are going to continue to have the margin profiles that have historically been disclosed, although we won't be talking about that going forward anymore. But I would say that as Consumer Auto products move to more specialty-driven applications, the margins will definitely come up as we have more unique products there.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. Yes, I'll start maybe with a comment and then hand it over to Doug. But I would say that the 57.5 is a very good initial margin guide and it reflects a lot of benefits that we're seeing in the supply chain, particularly freight, but it's offset also by the growing mix of auto OEM products. So that's kind of the highest level view of how we came up with that 57.5, and then Doug probably has additional comments that you can make on the details.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. Good morning, George. I think in terms of channel inventory, we view that as in a much healthier place as we enter 2023 compared to what it was a year ago. At this time, our sell-in was definitely far below levels of registrations that we saw for our products. So we view that as a signal that the inventory in the channel came down quite a bit.  In terms of our outlook, we're not thinking. Our guide really reflects any more stocking or destocking. We're looking at things as being pretty stable in that regard. And we're simply trying to kind of moderate our outlook based on, obviously, the results that we had in 2022, combined with the new product introductions that we see going forward that should stabilize things.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think we -- as we look across our product lines, we have various categories that are super strong in their markets because of the unique differentiators that we offer compared to others. And you've already mentioned that marine and aviation are two major market areas where we're leaders in their respective areas, for example, in Marine, we're the top marine electronics provider, consumer electronics provider to the industry by sales. And in Aviation, we're the market share leader in both aftermarket and integrated cockpit systems for new aircraft in the midsized business jet on down through piston aircraft. So very strong positions. It's due to, again, highly differentiated unique products, and that's our focus for our investment and our activities going forward is continuing to create those kinds of products. If you look at one of the bigger categories, obviously, broadly is wearables. There's all kinds of categories that comprise that anywhere from kids' activity trackers on through to luxury smartwatches. And so it's hard to quantify on any one level where market share is because there's not a lot of data, but what we do is try to focus on being unique and innovative and offer things that customers can't get anywhere else.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I would say, David, that we have such a broad range of products that we're probably exposed across all levels of the strata of consumers, I would say that in some of our more bell-curve consumer-facing product categories in certain price points that we did see more pressure in those than we did in the upper price point ranges where customers are probably more resilient to the economic factors that are impacting everyone right now. So there is some sign of that. But again, we have been focused more on products that have unique differentiators and have, as such, higher price points that we can command in the market.
Clifton Pemble: I think one of the things we've been saying for a while now is that we're -- we've definitely noticed the marine market has returned to its more typical seasonality behaviors and growth patterns that were prevalent before the pandemic. So I think I've been personally pleased to see the market really do kind of a soft landing at a very high level. We still see strong demand for products both at the OEM level as well as at the retail level and especially in the really unique categories that we offer the sonar systems that are very popular and command much higher price points.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think, Ben, refresh really depends on the product line. I think as you can appreciate people that spend more for some of these devices tend to hold on to them longer. So we probably see a longer refresh cycle on the more premium families such as fēnix than we do, for example, in the lower-end wearables such as Vivoactive and Venu. But I think the good news for our customer base and what we noticed consistently in behaviors of our customers is that they tend to be active customers and more dedicated to the purpose of the device than what we've heard from others. And so we have a very strong active user base. They remain active, and it continues to grow year after year.
Clifton Pemble: Well, we created those projections based on the outlook provided to us by the OEMs. And so as we win these programs, the programs are scoped based on a certain estimate of volumes, which may or may not materialize. Those volumes assume certain kinds of consumer uptake on various features. So again, lots of assumptions built into that, but it's a significant amount of volume that comprises these programs. And consequently, that's what drives the compounded growth rate that we talked about.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think a really good question. I would explain the gap of the differences between fitness and outdoor driven by a couple of factors. One, you already mentioned fēnix, that was an outsized result in terms of product category. So that widened on one side. In Fitness, however, what we saw are really two things. One is the indoor cycling area, the bike trainers, and generally, the cycling category has normalized after the pandemic. So we had a significant headwind in the segment due to cycling products coming back to their normal sales levels, which we feel are still very healthy compared to 2019 levels, but reflect the change in priorities for customers as they do other things with activities. And the other factor is the advanced wearables within the segment are the products that compete in the most active area of the market against the biggest players. So the competitive factors there are certainly higher. The promotional considerations are more nuanced. And so consequently, there's definitely some market and market share considerations in that product line because they're the hardest market really to compete in, in terms of the overall space there. So that's how I would frame those things. In terms of what we're doing going forward? Again, there's probably two factors for Fitness, I would say, are important. One is that we see the cycling market stabilizing. So that shouldn't be a factor going forward as we comp against those declines from last year. And then secondarily, we have a very active product road map for the year with some really exciting product releases. And so we always know we benefit from those new product introductions.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think generally, our philosophy about when we make announcements about progress in -- with various approvals or new product launches, we, first and foremost, make sure that those announcements are material to the revenue that we'll start to realize right away. So we hardly ever announced something that's years and years in advance. There's some minor exceptions to that. But for the most part, every announcement we make is meaningful to the ongoing revenue stream. So the aviation programs with the approval of the G5000 and the XLS and also the GI275 is revenue we're starting to generate now.
Clifton Pemble: Well, good morning Ivan, I can't share details on the specific products. But as we mentioned, we have an active road map across all of our segments. This is our strategic focus is to drive revenue through new product introductions, and so we have a very active year planned. Last year was a great year, too. which rebounded a lot from kind of the pandemic dip that we saw in some introductions, but 2023 should also be a very great year for introductions.
Clifton Pemble: Well, Qualcomm is a significant partner of ours in the Auto OEM segment for our platforms. But the SOS activity with them is really focused more on mobile phones and so they're somewhat different, but we do see that as an interesting new avenue to utilize our in-reach response center and leverage the capability we have in coordinating rescues and responses to remote concerns that customers have for a long time now.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I would say there's really two factors that have influenced the growth in our direct sales channel. One is the underlying subscription business that goes along with things like InReach and many other categories that we have driving subscription revenue for the company. The other is really, frankly, the retail situation with our products out at third-party retailers. As I mentioned, many of them were focused on inventory control. And consequently, I think in some cases, probably undershot the amount of inventory they needed to satisfy demand. And so we saw a big uptick in our garmin.com sales because people were looking for products and able to find it on our website.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So yes, Cliffs is correct on the big picture, that's right. So we are expecting some favorability in '23 due to freight costs. We've made a concerted effort to ship a larger percentage of our products on ocean versus air as well as we're seeing the overall freight rates come down. So we did see that come down throughout '22. So there'll probably be a little bit more favorability in the first part than the latter part of the year. And then the other big factor impacting '23 is the segment mix. As Cliff mentioned, the Auto OEM business does have a lower gross margin than average. So as that becomes a larger piece of our total that will cause the gross margin to come down as such. As it relates to FX, if you look at FX euro rate, the average during 2022 was about 1.06, that's about where we are today. It's really difficult to predict that FX in there from that standpoint, but that's just kind of a point of reference as it relates to the FX that in there. And so that kind of gives you a flavor. And maybe I'll give you a little bit also on operating expenses since you have mentioned things about the operating margin. So as it relates -- and these are percentage of sales for the full year. And so when we think about 2023, we expect the total operating expenses probably be up around 60 basis points or so. And looking at the different categories in OpEx there, the first one, advertising. We'd expect that to probably be a little bit lower maybe about 10 basis points or so. That's primarily due to that segment mix, Auto OEM is a bigger piece of the total, which doesn't spend that much on advertising. Then as you move into R&D, that will probably be up, we estimate it, around 30 basis points or so. We'll continue to make investments in innovation on new products as such. And then SG&A, we anticipate up about 40 basis points there we're continuing to build infrastructure, IT expenses to support that growth.
Doug Boessen: Yes, really primarily, I'd probably say mix type of thing. And estimate coming into the quarter about what type of a mix we have during that period of time, it may have been a little bit different. We had a little maybe stronger sales of some of our newer products where we had to build some inventory wasn't necessarily relating to OEM, but some other consumer products that we have. As we think about inventory for next year, I mentioned we want to optimize that. We've had significant increases in inventory that last couple of years. So our goal for 2023 is to keep that relatively flat with our 2022 levels, that help our free cash flow also.
Doug Boessen: I think it's primarily due to our expenses there. So we continue to make new investments in our R&D to really improve -- or to our innovation for our new products that are coming out.
