Clifton Pemble: Yes. So as we exited the year, there were approximately 118,000 airplanes that had been equipped out of a total park, if you will, of about 160,000. So ideally, that would mean there's something over 40,000 aircraft that could be left to equip. We don't think that all of those will be. Some of those are probably airplanes that maybe aren't in the best shape and might be scrapped, so there's going to be some fallout from those, for sure.  We expect that most of the activity would take place in Q1 and some in Q2. And then the activity would tend to go down in Q3 and Q4. In terms of the retrofit activity, while it's true that ADS-B probably prompted people to come in and look at other things as we got towards the end of the mandate, particularly most of '19, I would say, shop capacity has been a real issue. So as a result, people may not have been able to do everything that they wanted to.  And meanwhile, we've been introducing a lot of great new products, and these are generating a lot of interest. So we would expect that people will come back and do more. And the reality is that not everybody wants to put down the big bill for all of their retrofit needs at one time, too. So they may shop and continue to watch and then do more later. So we're optimistic about the retrofit market. We think that it still has a lot of room to grow.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. We don't have guidance specific on that. I would tell you that ADS-B is not a market that goes to 0 because transponders need to be replaced. There's new features, new products that are introduced. So there will always be an underlying market for ADS-B out there. And of course, new airplanes always need ADS-B. So there will be a run rate of ADS-B going forward.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So coronavirus, I think it's still an emerging situation, and the cases seem to be peaking, but we're watching that. I would say it's also early in the year, so we don't -- even if there's some short-term impact, we feel like there's a lot of room to make up for that. So far, our impact has been minimal, and our safety stock situation has helped us there. If the outbreak continues to go on, then, of course, that would change the game for us and a lot of other people. But for now, we're optimistic that things are coming back online. Our suppliers seem to be coming back although, obviously, there's a ramp-up period that we're managing through all of it.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So in terms of the lower operating income in Q4, there was a mix of some onetime items there as well as increased R&D associated with noncapitalized projects. So both of those kind of came together to generally lower the overall auto operating income. The PND side is very profitable. And so that's something we're not as worried about. We do see that the market will continue to decline in 2020, although at a moderated pace as specialty products become a bigger part of the mix. And we also see a shift in terms of buying behaviors to the more advanced products that we offer. So that's all good news in our view. In terms of the production plan in the U.S., we're equipping our factory here to be able to supply the BMW program that we won a few years back for North American production. And then the European investment is for the most recent BMW win that will supply the European factories for BMW.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So the fitness gross margin, that is influenced by product mix. And in the fourth quarter, we had a lot of products that were sold, obviously, for the holiday season, particularly promotional. Products and tax itself is a product line, as we've said before, that is slightly dilutive to the overall gross margins of the segment. And so just under 50% was obviously a result of all of that mix. We would expect that to go up and down as the year progresses depending on the seasonality and the kind of products that we offer. And generally, we're targeting around a 50% gross margin for the segment. And mid- to high-teens operating margin for the segment.
Clifton Pemble: I think for us, the strength, Charlie, for the year and also for the quarter was really around new products, our new Venu, vívoactive 4 product lines are very popular as well as the new running product lines that we introduced last year. We completely refreshed all of those product lines, so they did very well. And then separately, we got very promotional with some of the previous generation products, which drove a lot of sales activity in the holiday quarter.  In terms of just drivers around the competitive landscape, I would say that we feel like the landscape has generally narrowed a lot. Of course, Apple is a big one out there just in terms of total wearables market share. We believe that we differentiate from Apple and others with our products that are built specifically for active lifestyles. And we focus on all-day, 24/7, wearability, long battery life and the ability to track detailed health metrics. So we're very focused on those categories, and we believe we're doing very well with our space.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So the majority of the growth that we saw in fitness was organic. Tacx was less than half of the growth that we saw. And of course, we have 1 quarter in 2020 that we're basically comping until we comp against the acquisition of Tacx. So going forward then, the outlook would be for all organic growth, Tacx contributing to the expanded distribution and then, of course, we anticipate a strong year for our wearable products as we had in 2019.
Douglas Boessen: Sure. Well, thanks, Charlie. So as it relates to where the cash is, it does not change that. So let me give you a little bit of a little more detail or color on the transaction that we went through. So this relates to intercompany license agreement between Switzerland and the United States. And so the situation is that United States is going to be paying a royalty payment to Switzerland for the use of certain consumer IP we have in Switzerland. So as a result of that, that lowers the amount of income recognized in the United States, increases it in Switzerland. And so as result of that, that gives us a favorable income mix by jurisdiction during that license period. So during the license period, the situation is that a higher percentage of the income will be going to the U.S.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So let me give you -- yes, it is at an elevated level compared to 2019. So yes, 2020 will be an investment year for us as it relates to CapEx and probably going into 2021. So what's driving that is exactly what Cliff mentioned. We're making some investments relating to our auto OEM business. So we are equipping our facility here in Olathe to handle OEM. Also, we'll be opening a European facility, manufacturing facility for OEM. Also, we are building a new manufacturing facility for Tacx in Netherlands for that acquisition.  Another piece relates to our overall Olathe facility expansion. If you remember, we built a new facility for our manufacturing as well as our distribution. We're complete with that. What we're doing now is actually renovating our previous manufacturing and operation facility there. We're renovating that to increase our work space because of increased headcount to support our R&D expansion as well as innovation, the big drivers we have.
Douglas Boessen: Yes, sure. So as it relates to 2020 operating expense, to give you a little bit a flavor of that by category. First, on advertising. For advertising, a percentage of sales, we would expect our advertising to be relatively consistent year-over-year. We'll probably spend more advertising dollars, but we try to keep that in line with our sales growth.  As it relates to R&D, yes, there will be increased R&D as a percentage of sales year-over-year. We expect that to probably be up maybe about 100 basis points. And then as it relates to SG&A as a percentage of sales, we expect that to be up about 50 basis points or so. So what's really driving that increased operating expenses really is to support our increased revenue growth, so one of which is the situation that we talked about for OEM business. So we're making some investments there. It occur -- increased R&D operations as well as IT for different systems there.  From an R&D front, overall, we'll continue to invest in R&D to make sure that we have innovation in our products. And lastly, I would say is that there is some full year impact to some acquisitions, most notably Tacx that we did in 2019, and we'll have the full year impact of those items. So all of the expense items as well as the CapEx we talked about is really to support our increased top line growth into revenue.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to our tax rate, we do not give any detailed guidance beyond the current year. So there's a number of things that really impact that tax rate, all the way from the amount of income we have, the income by segment, income by country, reserve releases as such. But while -- from a high-level perspective is while we have the license agreement in that place, we will see that favorable income mix by jurisdiction. Then when we no longer have a license agreement at that point in time, we'll have a higher percentage of our income going to U.S. So that's directionally what it is. But like I said, there's a lot of puts and takes in that tax rate, but it's something that we looked at to make sure that we do maintain as efficient of a tax structure as possible.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to gross margins, you're correct. In the auto segment as a total, OEM will be a higher percentage of the total. So that will be a situation where auto OEM gross margins are lower than the PND. So that will be something that will impact and decline the total auto gross margin in 2020.
Douglas Boessen: Yes, sure. So as it relates to free cash flow for 2020, you're correct. First, we'll start with 2019. So yes, 2019, we did have some significant capital -- working capital needs, primarily in inventory area. That situation, as previously talked about, for 2019, we basically made a strategy to increase our days of supply, to increase our safety stock because of Tacx, mitigate Brexit, all those type of things as well as we had increased AR just because of the increase in our sales year-over-year.  Now turning to page to 2020. We expect our free cash flow to bounce back. Our current estimates for free cash flow for 2020 are about $750 million. So with that, we're not anticipating to have the same type of year-over-year working capital needs that we had in 2019 and 2020.  I should say, as it relates to inventory, we would expect inventory -- year-end inventory 2020 to increase from 2019 levels, but probably more in line with what the sales increase, not the type of a step function that we have. So we'll get some benefit in 2020 relating to that situation I have in working cap.  As it relates to how it falls out through the year, the situation is we were building inventory throughout the year. So there'll probably be a situation where we may have -- a situation where we have inventory year-over-year higher than just the level of sales as we get through the year in the first few quarters. But by the end of the year, hopefully, it will be in line with that as we go forward.  But then also, CapEx plays into that also. That's partially offsetting that to increased CapEx we have, which we previously talked about. So to go back to it, we're making some increased investments in there for building us for the revenue for the future.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to the top line, I'll give you some real high-level points on that. I think Cliff alluded to the situation in auto, the back half of the year, you'll see some of that increase relating to OEM. Also, I should mention, in the fitness side of our business related to the acquisition of Tacx. So Tacx was acquisitioned, that was first -- or the second quarter, so we'll get some benefit in Q1 relating to that. So that will kind of be the seasonality related to revenue. And then as it relates to OpEx, I said that will be something where we started to basically build some of those operating expenses here in Q4 moving into 2020. So that will be something that we'll see that build throughout the year.
