Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So, Simona, the – in terms of the contributions from acquisitions, we don't break it out in detail, but a big portion of the growth in outdoor is the acquisitions and then some organic growth on top of that. In terms of the OpEx, we're looking at 2016 relatively conservatively. We do have expenses that we incurred in partial year of 2015, that rolled through a full year of 2016. So, that drives some of the increase, and then we have targeted investments in key areas, where we see opportunities for growth.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think, the biggest dynamic, Ben, is the changes in the fitness market due to the competitive dynamics and the expansion of the overall market. So, that's one that's driving lower from where it's traditionally been. I would say that the other segments are pretty much on trajectory from where they've been. But keep in mind, we did see some change in the past year due to the currency issue and that will take some time to stabilize in terms of our ability to go back up as we introduce new products and new margin structures into the market.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, it's hard to look too far down the road because we don't know what additional things we'll encounter in the markets. But in terms of your observations around the previous year is, yes, we did ramp up substantially in those years, both in terms of our advertising spend as well as engineering spend as we launched new categories. We're looking at 2016 as being somewhat of a stabilizing year because we feel like the levels that we're at in particularly like the advertising area is something that we can work well with in the coming year.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, the PND market is still a significant generator of revenue and profits, and we feel like the market is in a manageable phase in terms of its overall development. Our market share is very strong on a global basis. We believe we're the market leader on a global basis. So we really don't see any significant changes that we plan to make in terms of our approach to the market in the coming year.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, it's a mix story. Around the world some countries and some markets, as you know, have shown signs of a stabilization, while others have continued to decline. So it's still a dynamic situation.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think for the time being we feel like we've established a run rate that we're comfortable with and we'll continue to evaluate as market conditions evolve.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. Thanks, James. So in terms of the geographic mix, you're correct that the Americas segment was weaker and Europe, of course, was down and then APAC was strong. I think the dynamics there in Europe, first of all, the currency trends probably impacted us the most, and I think by segment we were actually pleased with many of the results that we had in 2015 and the gains that we had in terms of market share and unit deliveries. In terms of the Americas it was down and I think the biggest impact there was the activity tracker and fitness markets, which were primarily driven out of the Americas in terms of its overall development during the year. And then in APAC we've had strong success in terms of some of our segments there, particularly outdoor and also auto sales, auto OEM sales into various markets in APAC and the Middle East. So in terms of our outlook to 2016, I think we would anticipate some improvement in the Americas side of things, especially as we see growth in some of our traditional markets. I think in Europe we're continuing to plan for growth in terms of unit deliveries and overall improvements in margins and stabilization in currencies. In APAC, we're continuing to see an outlook for growth in terms of what's happening there as well. On the automotive OEM question, I would say that, yes, we continue to make incremental progress. I would say that it's pleasing, but at the same time we're not satisfied with that. We continue to drive for more wins. As you know that this particular market and business is a long-lead business, and so business develops very slowly and I probably can't say when we would see a stabilization, although we're trying to adjust our investments as well as going after near-term deals that would help us improve the overall picture there. So, in general, I feel good about where we're at and I feel like we have more work to do.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. So starting, first, Robert, with the aviation side of things, we are pleased with what happened in Q4. I think we would attribute that to several factors. One is, there was a kind of a rush of deliveries that took place at the end of the year, which typically does happen and we had newer platforms that, of course, were part of that mix allowing us to grow some of our revenues on the OEM side. And then we also ran successful promotions in Q4, which helped grow sales on the retrofit side. So I think generally we feel good about where aviation ended the year, but we do continue to see the headwind in terms of the overall market that we've been talking about for a while.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think, my view is that that still presents a significant cloud to the longer-term. I would say that we feel that we have opportunities for growth in terms of market share and new platforms, which we continue to do. So we're not necessarily completely pessimistic, but we recognized that the overall trends are challenged, particularly as you see more stock market volatility and of course the lingering effect of lower oil prices and geopolitical events.
Clifton A. Pemble: I would say it's probably flat based on where things stand today. There's some steady-state deliveries that are going on with our existing OEMs and many of our OEMs are doing reasonably well in this environment. But, again, it's a headwind for everybody.
Clifton A. Pemble: And in terms of our outlook, Charlie, in 2016 on fitness, we're projecting 10% overall in the segment and that's pretty much an equal mix of growth in trackers as well as the other product lines, the cycling, the running and all of those. In terms of market share where we are today, we believe we are the market share leader in the GPS-enabled wearable device part of the market. We believe that our share is currently in the low-to-mid 40% range. The market has expanded significantly in the past year, so in terms of overall unit deliveries, we are still on a growth mode and we would expect to take some additional share and reclaim some share in the coming year as we feel our product lineup is much stronger than it was with many more products coming out with wrist-based heart rate.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. Okay. So on Aviation, in terms of the mix, we don't detail that out, but generally we see slightly stronger results in OEM as we add new platforms and steady to increasing growth in terms of retrofit as we introduce new products into the market. In terms of our logic around the move of the action cameras, as I mentioned in my remarks, there's a lot of similarities in the technologies and the market channels for action cameras as well as dash cameras that we're having already in our automotive segment. And so consequently, we felt like it would better align all those resources and create more efficiencies as we deal with those similar technologies and risk to market.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we don't talk about our future roadmap but we have explorations going on around many different kinds of sensor technologies and looking at which ones of those will provide useful guidance information for average consumers.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think the energy situation directly impacts particularly the helicopter market because helicopters are used significantly in oil exploration and all of the logistics that go around that. So that's one big impact. But then in terms of oil producing countries, the lower oil prices are having an economic impact broadly in those. So the citizens are not necessarily anxious to buy when oil prices are low. So that's really the major factors that's creating headwind in terms of the oil impact.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think the priorities for our cash are to be a reliable payer of dividend over the long-term. So we focus heavily on that and then secondarily to look for opportunities for tuck-in acquisitions that can help complement our business, add resources or expand our markets. So these are the two primary areas and then we intend to supplement that with additional share buybacks. Based on our current free cash flow, our targets have been to return about 100% of that, again, based on where we are today. But it's something we evaluate as we go along depending on our cash flow and the overall situation.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yes. Regarding free cash flow, we expect about $400 million of free cash flow for 2016 that assumes about $75 million of CapEx. And regarding share repurchase for 2016, we'll actually monitor that depending upon market and the business conditions during 2016.
Douglas G. Boessen: Well, it is – we're factoring in the income forecast we have in our guidance as well as taking into consideration our working capital needs and inventory and such.
Douglas G. Boessen: Just a bit. Probably working capital should not increase as much as it has in the previous years, but it'll probably a little bit as we grow our business.
Douglas G. Boessen: Probably be where we have the new product offerings, primarily in the fitness area, also in inventory, historically we've added some raw material requirements for safety stock, now we've built that up and we'll kind of monitor that as we go along we see the additional safety stock we need to build up.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah, this is Doug. I'll take the first part of that regarding the guidance numbers we had for outdoor and auto. Yes, we actually – those guidance numbers that we gave factored in recasting, reclassifying the prior year numbers. So beginning in 2016, the segment information that you'll see in our Qs go forward, will have those numbers recast.
Douglas G. Boessen: Yeah, Brad we're projecting margin erosion in fitness in 2016; of course, we had quite a bit of margin erosion in 2015 due to both currency and the competitive dynamics, but in 2016 we're projecting that the margin will continue to come down. We're comping against much higher margins that we had last year in the first half in fitness and we feel like it will stabilize down to a lower level, about a 300 basis point impact.
