Cliff Pemble: Okay. Good morning, Paul. Channel levels and cycling, I’d say you have to look at two different sides of that. One is the cycle and computer side and the other is the indoor trainer side. The cycling computer side and the response to the new 1040 is very good. And so the inventory levels at the channel I think are fine. The indoor cycling side of things with the tax trainers, I think generally the market right now is heavy on inventory of all kinds of trainers from every manufacturer. And so there's a backup at retail of those products, which impacts our sell-in. It's going to take some time I think for retailers to work through that. But in general the retail demand is generally what people would expect for this time of the year. It's not really the season yet in the Northern Hemisphere and we should see improved retail sales in the back half as winter approaches. In terms of the other fitness products, the 955 and the 255, the demand has been very good, and we're working through actually back orders on those as well.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So definitely a good quarter. I think that we were able to catch up on some of our lingering backorders in the segment. Most of those were targeted to the aftermarket. Both sides of the Aviation segment, the OEM side and the aftermarket grew in the quarter. We expect that to continue in the back half because OEMs of course are working to fill the back orders that they have for airplanes, which are still very strong and we're still catching up on orders in the aftermarket side of things as well. In terms of market share as we've said before, we're very strong in everything from the piston singles on up through the midsize business jet and we continue to win more platforms in those categories and are working on new projects to build our revenues for the future. And then margin wise, I would say that aviation has been very solid when it comes to our margin profile and in that 70% margin range for gross margin, which funds a very heavy R&D investment to create the products that we offer. And kind of that mid to upper 20 range for operating margin is the sweet spot. As we get more leverage, of course, it goes up. But generally we tend to target in that range.
Cliff Pemble: So the refresh has gone very well. I think it's taken us some time, but we are getting close to being caught up on the initial demand for the fenix and the epix, since it was launched earlier this year. There's still some pockets of lingering back orders in those categories that we're working to catch up on. In terms of the channel, we think it's very, very healthy and seems to be normalizing right now, with kind of the sell-in sell-through being balanced. In terms of user profile, we're seeing pretty much what we have seen, in recent launches, which is roughly about half of our users coming into those families are new users and then we have upgrade users coming from all kinds of products, from much older generation fenix, to even our advanced wellness customers who are looking to upgrade to a more capable launch.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So maybe just a high-level comment on our overall inventory. As you know, component lead times have been very long. And so in order to ensure, we have the materials to be able to meet demand. We've had to increase our weeks of supply on the raw material side. In some cases, we've been faced with what were typically, before the pandemic 13 to 26 week lead times now extending 26- to 52-week lead times. So, it's a very challenging situation. And what we don't want to do is, be left with demand with no inventory to build. Additionally, on the inventory side, the freight side of things has been really challenging. And in order to solve the freight cost issue, we have to have more inventory coming on boats, which is a lower-cost mode of shipment and that takes a very long time. And so it simply just extends the amount of inventory that we have to carry. We feel like the inventory we have, is good inventory. We're very versatile. We can reuse components and materials that we have across many different product lines. And we feel like, in general, that most of our product lines are solid long-term long life cycle products that we can sell over time. So, we feel very good with where we're at right now. In terms of go-to-market, and their outlook for the upcoming holiday season, it's still early days. So, there's work being done to finalize all of that. The early indications that we have in some of the segments, is a very strong commitment to promoting products in big quantities for the holiday season. So, that's what we know so far. But again it's probably very early days.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So, our guide for the year is up 20%. We had a strong first half. So, as you can infer from the data, we expect that will moderate in the back half. We believe our product line is very strong and we believe that that is achievable right now. And we also have more new products coming which should boost our overall ability to grow in the back half.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So the constraints Nik I would say they're not worse but they -- in some cases, they didn't get much better during the quarter. The main issue there was key components for our chart-plotters in order to be able to deliver those higher end plotters and we prioritize customers in the segment that impacted our selling prices. But in general, I would say the backlog we've made some progress into Q3 and covering some of that. And we are assuming that we'll have a greater level of seasonality more typical of the segment. Q2 is usually the highest quarter of the year and then it follows off as people in the Northern Hemisphere bringing their boats out of the water and put them in storage and they wait to upgrade boats and work on them in the spring. So, we're assuming some of that may be deferred but that's why we brought our guide down to about 5%.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think we're definitely taking a look at that and we're looking at two different areas. We're being very selective in our hiring to make sure that we don't outgrow our revenue growth. And we're also looking at our general OpEx focusing on priorities and essentials and making sure that we narrow the priorities to the most important things. So, we're trying to manage that and steer it for the long-term.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think -- good morning, Ivan, we're really excited about the diesel. And as I've mentioned many times in the past, our strategies for growth are introducing new products and new product categories, entering new markets and this reflects that commitment. Right now, we're focused on attacking the opportunities on the truck side. And then we're exploring other avenues where this kind of technology might be useful.
Cliff Pemble: Well, first, I think everyone hopes that the economic situation is short term, but none of that has really proved to be true. So we're making sure we're managing the business for the long-term. We are in need of more space in Olathe particularly to be able to bring more people back on to campus and also focusing on those priorities that we have particularly needing more people in aviation and some of the consumer areas as well and balancing our overall hiring needs. So we're committed to building out and finishing our space expansion here in Olathe. And then I think we're in good shape, when it comes to overall space accommodations for our people for the next kind of phase of growth.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we have introductions planned in most every segment. And so stay tuned, but I'm pretty excited about some of what's coming.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Erik. Yes, I think, the pandemic certainly highlighted to people the importance of health and wellness and fitness. And so I believe that change in people's focus probably is a very long and enduring mindset. We did experience a lot of new demand and had new customers coming into our ecosystem. I believe that's a longer-term opportunity than as they use those devices and then look for a device with new capabilities they will then look to Garmin for an upgrade. So I believe that creates an enduring customer base for us and leads to opportunities in the future.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. In the fitness, gross margin a lot of you said puts and takes in it. We did see some unfavorability relating to the foreign exchange rates, which we would anticipate that to continue in the back half. Now Cliff talked about also freight. Freight's also been impacting our gross margins also there from that standpoint. And so, you've seen some of the other segments that may have seen some improvement in there like outdoor from product mixes where they have and some things we'll watch a higher percentage of those. But it's really going to be a function of what is that product mix portfolio that makes up that -- the fitness side of things. But probably, as you said probably similar to what you indicated our gross margins for go forward. But we do have some headwinds that we're currently facing.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Well a big factor of that is foreign exchange rates. So as I mentioned the -- assuming parity for euro and US dollar, we should expect year-over-year impact change to accelerate. For instance in Q2 of last year of 2021, we're about 120. Then this year the average for Q2 2022 was about 107. And then it went to by I think 118 and 115. Then if you assume parity, which is similar to where we're at right now, that year-over-year exchange will accelerate. So that is impacting our gross margin there as well for the bigger piece of that piece. But then also as we mentioned freight is something we are managing through that also. 
Doug Boessen: It's interesting freight. So freight was probably the biggest story. Maybe a couple of quarters ago we were year-over-year. Now, as Cliff mentioned we are managing a piece of that as it relates to our inventory levels. We are trying to have a larger percentage of our shipments on ocean versus air, which is helping that. And also on a year-over-year basis we saw some of those large increases last year in the rates. And I'd probably say some of those rates are maybe a little bumpy here too, but more or less stabilizing. So there will probably be some ups and downs in freight through the back half of the year kind of see what's going on with the rates whether ocean there but it won't be as significant of a driver as the FX -- foreign exchange rates, which I think are going to be a bigger item that we're going to be headwind against in the back half. . 
