Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. So in terms of any other factors impacting fitness, there really wasn't any material impact due to product delays in the quarter. In terms of what we can expect going forward, we would expect the Q3 margin to come up some and then Q4 would be lower sequentially in order to accommodate the year-end promotions and sales.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah. I think, Charlie, it's probably more complicated than just looking at the differences between what it was before trackers and what it was after. Keep in mind that we are facing a significant headwind due to the currency issues. So that's a major factor as well. The tracker product line, while it's lower ASP, it's still what we feel is attractive profit. So I don't think it's as easy as just looking at before and after.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think pricing is generally stable year-over-year. We mentioned that the deferred revenue impact, we're recognizing lower levels of deferred revenue this year versus what we were last year. So that definitely has an impact.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think, there is a slightly different dynamic, Simona, in the fitness market, with the tracker market being more driven in the consumer space whereas some of our traditional business was – had a different dynamic around specialty. But that said, you know, we do expect that there will be a stronger level of seasonality in the back half due to the promotions in the fourth quarter. And we do have some additional product launches that are coming into the back half of the year, but for the most part our product line is set for the upcoming season.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it's based on – some on the commitments and also some on our experience in the PND market which was more consumer-driven and driven in the back half of the year with promotions.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we've been focused on that area for a long time and we haven't talked a lot about our online community, but Garmin Connect is very strong and we have millions of users associated with that. We are increasing our investment on top of what we have already done and we're continuing to roll out updates and new features in Garmin Connect and Garmin Connect Mobile.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, thanks Mark. I think in terms of where we stand in the market today, we've a fairly new entry to the market in the past year and we quickly have taken the number two position on a global basis, some countries stronger than others. So we feel so far we've made good progress. In terms of where we stand with our product line, I think one of the key areas where we're focusing is increasing the number of sensors that are in our products, that's an area we feel like we still have some work to do. But I think once we get there, our product line should be well-positioned to compete. In terms of whether or not we have a brand issue, I think that's why we are choosing to invest in more advertising. We are new to the category, so we're letting people know that we have great solutions in the category and we do see movement based on what we've been doing so far.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, I think that Garmin's strength has been diversity in our product lines and in our market segments that we've served over the years and we're able to leverage our technology and our competence across multiple segments and multiple product categories. So we view the action camera segment as a similar approach to what we've used in the past in growing our business. In terms of what we're doing in action cameras, I think the release of our new product has been well received, better received in terms of the update to the existing VIRB. And we're taking a long view on the market. We believe we speak to a certain customer base out there and so our products are focusing on addressing that customer base.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. So in terms of what we're doing today, we've shifted, like many companies, towards – more of our dollars towards online and digital, so we have quite a bit of activity going on in the online space. We've also used some out-of-home things in airports and transportation centers where people are gathering and a larger portion of TV than what we've done in the past as well, so those are kind of the states if you will of what we're doing in the program.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, if you look at what we've done over the years, Ben, we've never completely relied on what we do today as our growth strategy for the future. While we serve a broad range of market segments, each one has its own dynamic. The reality in today's world is that any customer is looking for new innovation for more compelling features and utility and so we always have a plan to refresh and improve our product lines over time and we're constantly looking for new categories that we can expand into in order to grow our revenue. If you look at where we are today in terms of our revenue, yes, it's basically flat or a little bit down year-over-year but a big portion of that is the currency headwinds and definitely had we not invested in the past in order to get where we are today the situation would be much worse. So we believe in innovation to drive our growth in the future.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, we don't break it out by category, Robert. So, we don't have those figures that we can share with you.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, I think the aviation, and particularly in the OEM space, is kind of a long game if you will. And we don't really see shock effects going on in the market like what took the market down so low back in 2008 and 2009. But we feel like this is probably a seasonal soft patch and would expect as there is new aircraft deliveries, and as the market continues to recover from the effects of the financial crisis, that the market will improve.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think others in the industry probably have better clarity than we do, because they forecast engines and airframes and all those kind of things. But your comments on oil is definitely true. That's impacted helicopters directly and there's probably some indirect effect on aircraft as well. But again, aviation has kind of a long cycle and so I would not expect it would pop back in a matter of a quarter or quarters, but it might be a year or two to kind of see the market change again.
Clifton A. Pemble: I don't see those two particular examples as being a change driver for us. I think what's more likely to impact us in the future is that we're comping against Fusion in Q3, and so the stronger revenue comps that we had in Q1 and Q2 will go away in Q3. And then keep in mind that Q3 is seasonally weak, weaker than Q2. And so consequently, the level of boating activity and the level of sales will go down.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, in terms of market share, the marine market is highly fragmented. There is quite a few players with a lower amount of overall market share position. In terms of brand share we're the number one brand in the market, although another competitor which has a lot of house brands is really the number one player in the overall market. But the market size is limited, probably around $1 billion plus and so we all kind of split that pie up.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, actually that's been the strategy of our wearables since the beginning. We've tied our wearable connectivity to our marine products for example. We have connectivity with our aviation products. Our watches last year when we introduced the VIRB camera can serve as remotes for the VIRB. So we've absolutely tried to leverage our overall product ecosystem with our wearables and we will continue to do that in the future with exciting new features.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, so in terms of category breakout in outdoor, we don't break out by product category. So we're unable to share that. In terms of auto, in terms of our operating margin trends again it's similar to what I just mentioned where we continue to evaluate each business and we participate based on profitability and opportunity. While it's true that the operating income has come down in auto, there's a lot of dynamics behind that including the deferred revenue piece, which is a headwind year-over-year as well as the currency impact, which is another factor there. But again, we've appropriately scaled our investment there to date and we would anticipate continuing to do that going forward in order to be a profitable segment for Garmin.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, so I think your comments on the back half of last year is pretty close to our estimates, we would probably estimate we were in the 10% to 15% range in trackers. I think the fitness market though is – there is a broad range of products, so we're much stronger, very strong in the running category, and of course, new entries in the trackers but our goal is to grow that market share through 2015 in the trackers space. I won't throw out what our targets are but we do – with our advertising investment and our R&D activities, we do have an ambitious goal to grow in the tracker market.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, so you know, we typically at the halfway point of the year reassess everything based on having half of the year behind us. And like you say, looking at the dynamics in the fitness market particularly, which are rapidly changing, we felt like now is the time to increase the investment around the advertising because of the growth in the market and the opportunity. So we factored in everything that we felt we needed to do to achieve our goals and so our new forecast reflects that, and at this point, we feel confident in that. Of course, things change over time and there's economic as well as competitive dynamics that take place but at this moment, we feel confident in our outlook.
