Clifton Pemble: Thanks. Good morning. So on the first part of the question in terms of our ability to overachieve, what we've mentioned as a peak of about $800 million in 2025. I would say that we don't project that far out in terms of ability to under or overachieve. We're going by input from the manufacturers who provide us with their longer-term forecast, but those can go up and down as production dates near. So I think, in general, those are just reference points for people to consider. In terms of the margin profile, we've been telling people that the margin in auto OEM is expected to go down as it has been doing. We do expect to be in that 20 -- mid-20% kind of range for the segment. That's our target, but it's based on a mix of very high volume, lower margin products as well as some lower volume, higher-margin products that are only speculative.
Clifton Pemble: So the most significant new win that we mentioned with the global automaker is a program that does not require a significant amount of R&D investment. So as a result, it will be lower intensity in terms of the investment that we will make in that to bring that customer on board.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, George, I think we did demonstrate some good momentum in Q4 and really in the back half of all of 2023 in both outdoor and fitness. So as a result, we've become incrementally more positive on those two, especially considering our current product lineup and the roadmap of products that we have out in front of us.
Clifton Pemble: I would say generally that the response from the consumer side was better than we expected and actually seem quite strong. Our sell-through appeared to be very, very good and of course, drove incremental production that we did in the third and fourth quarter to supply/demand.
Clifton Pemble: Well, I -- probably not a lot to say other than the remarks we made, particularly in marine, where we're taking some market share. It is probably also true that we're taking market share in wearables as well. But our product lines and our position in the market is much different because of the unique nature of all the products that we have in that market.
Clifton Pemble: Actually, I would say that the response to our higher-end products in the recent quarter or two, the back half of 2023 has been very good.
Clifton Pemble: Well, we've guided people to think about gross margins in the range of mid- to upper teens and operating margins in the mid-single-digits.
Clifton Pemble: No. That's really on a run rate basis. I think for the full-year, we mentioned in the remarks that we expect to exit the back half profitable on a quarterly basis. We don't expect 2024 to be profitable as a full-year but then we'll work into 2025 on that basis.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think aviation aftermarket, Jordan is an interesting market because it's a very narrow distribution channel through specialty installers, doesn't have the same kind of retail dynamic. And we did come off of 2022 and into 2023, with significant supply chain challenges, which drove behaviors on the part of those dealers and installers to have more inventory on their shelves. During 2023, we saw them essentially burning that off as they had installs come in, and they were working on aircraft. And we expect some of that to continue also in 2024.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I would say, Erik, that there's probably no one mold to put Garmin in when it comes to the breadth and depth of our businesses. We still and always will serve those premium niche markets in our traditional markets. And we see new opportunities like auto OEM as a way to leverage the strength we have in vertical integration, our smart factories, our supply chain capability and our ability to serve customers, which has been very attractive. So at the end of the day, it's profit dollars that we can put in the bank. And going about doing that, we simply try to play to all the strengths that we have.
Clifton Pemble: Well, I would say that ideally, we would want to have a very even cadence between those two segments when it comes to product launches. It doesn't always work out that way just because of the nature of product development and the complexity of the various product lines that we take on. I would expect in 2024 that outdoor will be more active than fitness. But then again, in 2023, fitness was more active than outdoor.
Clifton Pemble: Let's say, Noah, that the market, as we mentioned in the remarks is softer. I think in general, I would say that we estimate the market declined about 10% in 2023. When you look at all the various players, we outperformed with market share gains. So we're thrilled with that, and we expect in 2024 that we'll continue to perform ahead of the market. In terms of the dynamic between OEM and aftermarket in marine, the aftermarket is really the bigger slice of the pie, if you will. So we're influenced more by those dynamics. We do expect 2024 will be offset in terms of any softness will be offset by new revenue from JL Audio, which we expect to be about 15% of the segment revenue for the year.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So new customers to Garmin are still the majority of our registrations that we have on our platforms.
Clifton Pemble: No. I mean it does vary by segment and more specifically it varies by product line. Some of our product lines due tend to be driven by existing customers, while others tend to be driven actually by new customers.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think in China, the economic situation has been more challenging. I think our performance has been okay. Some countries in Asia do better than others, but in general, I would say it's doing fine given the situation there. We do have a mix of retail partners and our own retail shops in various parts of Asia, including China. So we tend to go a little more direct to customer in some of those countries. In India, we've kind of reset our approach there, and we've got a new distribution partner that's working the market, and we expect to see improvements there. But in general, India is kind of a small market for us right now.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I don't know that, that was a specific major driver, Ivan. But certainly, we do offer that feature, and we have a feature that's very different from any other player that's out there. But in general, I would say that our products are doing well because they're strong on a broad basis across all kinds of features and the ability to monitor both health and wellness functions as well as strong activity performance as well.
Clifton Pemble: Well, we continue to look at options for how do we monetize our app base. That's not something that we're eager to plow into because we recognize that a lot of people use our platforms and trust Garmin, especially with the security and the privacy of their data. But there are premium features that we will look at that could possibly result in premium tiers for some of our apps much like we've done for example, in golfing.
Clifton Pemble: There's certainly some leveraging of the technologies that we've developed in order to be able to support this kind of customer. But this is actually a build-to-print opportunity. So the design work has been done, and so we're leveraging our factory and our process engineering to bring it into our Garmin factories.
Clifton Pemble: Well, we don't mention any of our upcoming releases that aren't already public. But just yesterday, actually, we did announce the Forerunner 165 which I'm super excited about. It's a really strong entry-level watch with a bright OLED display. And I think I have a lot of personal expectations that it will be a popular product.
