Cliff Pemble: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I think certainly, there is some noise associated with aviation in the prior year versus this year as well. So part of it is timing of shipments that occurred from year-to-year, but also lead times on equipment and aviation is getting longer. So we’re accounting for that and wanting to make sure that we’re taking into account all of those factors that might affect Q4 revenue.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think we have the most innovative product line, for sure. So across aftermarket and OEM, we’re well positioned with our products and on the platforms that are the most popular. The most significant interest in business jet demand right now is in the sweet spot of where our products are installed. So I would expect that we would continue to perform well as the industry performs.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So I would say in terms of the general performance of those categories over the past nearly 2 years now, certainly, there was a lot of pandemic-related interest in those products in the early part of the pandemic cycle. That interest, of course, still remains very strong, and we believe, as the industry has reported that there is still a lot of growth potential in the wearables market, I think we’re positioned really well in that market because we are differentiating ourselves around the active lifestyles theme. So everything we do with our products has a purpose and is built for purpose. In terms of sell-in versus sell-through, I think we can definitely see those trends with our product registrations, and we feel like the sell-in and sell-through is matched very well at this point. And the inventory levels in the channel are better than they have been, although, again, depending on product lines, there can be pockets of imbalances here and there.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of our Q4 versus prior years, last year, I think the market was still very distorted with many retailers starting to reopen or figure out how to open in light of the pandemic, and their inventories and online warehouses were very much depleted. So we’re still seeing that pandemic-driven spike on a year-over-year comparison basis. In terms of promotional environment this year, I would say that things feel like they are getting a little bit back to normal, although it remains to be seen. I would say that there is not a rush as far as we can see that everyone is trying to shop early. There is obviously reports of that in light of the general inventory situation you see with products on the market. But in general, I would say that it’s looking more normal in the seasonality of the business.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. Yes, I would say that the supply chain environment, as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, is really tough. We’re handling thousands of components on a day-to-day basis and managing the inflow and the use of those components and, in some case, allocating how they are allocated to product manufacturing. But in terms of our Q3, I would say that definitely, we saw an impact in the Outdoor segment with regard to those products. I mentioned the dog products and the traditional handheld. But for the most part, across the business, we’re doing okay and managing it again on a day-to-day basis. So that’s generally what we see.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So on OEM, in the margin outlook as our business transitions to the Tier 1 manufacturing opportunities that we have been talking about, of course, those have a thinner margin on the gross margin line. So, that will definitely impact our gross margin as we develop the scale and get these programs into production. Then of course, our – what we are working towards is profitable bottom line. But again, you should think of those in terms of traditional auto OEM margin structures. On the consumer side, definitely, we saw some impact on margin there. Part of that is freight. But we also had some component costs in the consumer auto side that impacted the gross margin.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Near-term, we would say it’s an ongoing thing. We probably don’t see anything in the near to intermediate-term that really changes what’s happening right now until there is really more capacity brought into the system and some of these bottlenecks get solved.
Cliff Pemble: No. Like I have mentioned, we have managed the situation very well, probably as well as anyone could ever imagine. And I would say in this environment, of course we are very sensitive to the profitability. So, we are using this situation to reevaluate pricing of both existing products as well as new product introductions and promotions that we do in order to adjust.
Cliff Pemble: Well, in terms of R&D, one of the bigger pieces of the increase in Q3 was the investment in the auto OEM programs to bring the next-generation BMW system to the market, which we will launch later next year. And then across the business, we have had higher personnel costs as we work to retain our people and also general growth as we invest in new product categories and new markets across our segments. IT, our business is very much driven around the cloud and the online component of our products and the things that we offer. And so we are investing in the IT infrastructure that we need to support all of that business. Marketing wise, again, we have got exciting product roadmaps. And so we are working on all of those and getting ready to launch new products.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think Connect IQ is a very versatile platform. That allows people to tap into, by far, the best hardware-based platform for wearables and purpose-driven devices that we have in cycling and outdoor traditional, those kinds of products. So, it’s a great asset for us, and we are constantly working on new opportunities to showcase Connect IQ apps with our devices.
Cliff Pemble: Well, there is a lot of moving pieces in all of that, for sure. I would say that our product line is superior and we are gaining market share with particularly some of the halo technologies that we have, such as live scope. The supply chain issue is, again, across the business. But in marine, we were able to benefit there by being able to continue to deliver products and take advantage of opportunities. And then on the OEM side of marine, they are of course, ramping up their production lines to meet the boat demand, that is still very persistent and extends, even now we are hearing into 2023 in terms of their backlog. So, we are working to support those customers, those OEM customers and support the general growth of the market that’s taking place right now.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. In APAC, there is really two factors. One was the rolling progress of the pandemic as Delta swept through various countries across the region. And so we had some impact in the markets generally as there were more stringent lockdowns and measures taken to control the Delta spread. And then the other major factor was the timing of product introductions, particularly in outdoor. The APAC market is definitely reliant on those product introductions. And so they are comping against the very strong introduction of our solar products that we did last year in Q3.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think the OEM part of the business is a smaller percentage compared to aftermarket. So, even if it swings to a greater degree, it’s less influential on the overall business just because of the mix of that. But that said, I would say that the seasonality of marine is a little bit more normal in the current year versus where we saw last year. So, we would expect as economies and business activity tends to normalize around the pandemic and endemic behaviors of this virus that the marine industry would also return to its normal seasonality, and we have seen some of that in Q3 and Q4.
