Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think one thing to keep in mind as we go forward throughout the rest of the year is the timing of new product releases. I think Q1 was probably the most easy comp that we had in the year-over-year comparables as we now anniversary some of the strong product releases that we had last year and also consider the timing of new products this year. So that's part of what we have in mind as well. 
Clifton Pemble: We would say that our product lineup across fitness and outdoor is very strong. Our products are unique, highly differentiated compared to a lot of products that are on the market. So people look to our products for particularly inspiration around activity, but sports wellness, all those things is something that we're known for. So we're  definitely seeing people appreciate our products for those things. Registrations have been strong. So we're seeing that follow through at retail, and we still see the majority of our users that are coming in as new users to Garmin as opposed to repeat. So we see that favoring new users in our overall product line between the 2 segments. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. In terms of margin, Ben, we've talked about how this segment will settle into a margin profile that's in the gross margin in the high teens and the operating margin in the mid-single digits. That's kind of typical what we see in this industry. We're certainly in the process of building our scale and the ramp into that. And so as the mix has shifted towards domain controllers, that's why you've seen the margin change as it has. In terms of the new business, in terms of volumes, this is a very significant new volumes adding to our overall infrastructure and planning. In terms of revenue, we announced in first quarter that -- or pardon me Q4 that we had secured some significant new business, and this is in addition. So this is an adder to that. But overall, we do have a sizable amount of awarded business that's ahead of us. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think, Erik, one of the factors to consider is that the timing of new product releases, both last year and this year, will be a factor in creating noise between the quarters. This year, Q1 was still marked by a relatively easy comp, especially in fitness, with our new product introductions that happened last year towards the end of Q1 into Q2. So definitely, that will create a different dynamic in Q2. And then just generally, as we look out for the rest of the year, the timing of other new product introductions is in our minds in terms of how we look at the whole year. 
Clifton Pemble: We think that channel inventory is really clean and healthy at this point. We don't see any concerns. In terms of overall inventory retailers and across our businesses, frankly, are not placing big bets on inventory. So when they buy in, they know that there's customers there that want it, and the availability of product is much better now than it has been over the last kind of disruption of the last 4 years in supply chain. So we feel very good about it. And we also feel like the registration rates are very consistent with the quantities that we're selling in. 
Clifton Pemble: I think one factor to consider geographically is the impact of higher auto OEM volumes on those regions. So when we produce and sell, for instance, domain controllers out of Europe, that tends to increase disproportionately the revenue there. So there's some puts and takes because of that. But generally, our wearable products performed very well in Europe. Asia has been influenced by auto OEM some, but we also have some tailwind with -- excuse me, some headwind due to currency issues in the region as well. So there's just lots of factors. There probably isn't any one that we could point to and try to draw conclusions about it. 
Clifton Pemble: I would say, generally, our customer base are in groups that are probably less affected by the overall sentiment that you hear broadly about. So we certainly have products across all kinds of price ranges, but mostly our products tend to be products with high innovation and high desirability and therefore, their pricing is not necessarily at the bottom of the market. So in general, we've actually seen very strong response to some of our high-end products even when we release products, for example, in running like the Forerunner 165, which is an incredibly strong product, and we're receiving a great result from that, but we also continue to see strength in the higher-end products as well. So in general, I would say mostly people are buying based on their needs, and we haven't seen a lot of evidence of mixing down that we could point to with confidence. 
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to inventory, it was lower on a year-over-year basis as well as sequential, and one of the big reasons was just due to our strong sales. As it relates to what we expect by the end of the year, we do expect inventory to increase year-over-year basis, primarily hopefully in line with our sales, make sure we have enough inventory to meet our demand. 
Douglas Boessen: Yes. At this time, we're not updating our free cash flow or CapEx outlook. If we update our guidance into Q2, we'll update at that point in time. But we are very pleased with our cash flow that came in, in Q1 as primarily due to the strong sales that we saw. 
Douglas Boessen: Yes. Yes. The gross margin was up year-over-year for both fitness and outdoor. Product mix was the biggest driver of that and actually, we sold in more of our new products, which have a higher gross margin. We did see some favorability year-over-year for lower freight costs. And overall, our costs are lower year-over-year also. We continue to look at ways to lower our cost from both the component as well as production standpoint. 
Douglas Boessen: Yes, good question. As it relates to cash, we do have our priorities for cash being reliable dividends. As you mentioned, our investments back in our business, whether for manufacturing facilities or just strengthening our business for the growth that we have looking at strategic acquisitions, such as JL Audio and then share repurchase. It relates to share repurchases, that is depending upon your market conditions, business conditions. I do want to remind you that we were in the blackout for most of Q1 from a standpoint. But our priorities for cash are consistent with what they've been for a while. 
Douglas Boessen: No, that's not really a big factor for us. But there is the part where you're mentioning there, just basically leveraging some of our overheads do production, but that's just a part of us managing our overall cost and having a lower cost structure. 
Douglas Boessen: Yes, sure. As it relates to JL Audio, basically, we expect JL Audio on the revenue line to be about 15% of the total marine business. 
