Cliff Pemble: Yes thanks James. In terms of 2016 it’s certainly too early to comment but I would say that this fourth quarter is obviously very crucial in terms of gauging the overall market and we believe at this point we have a very strong product line that we’ll read a lot into our plans for 2016. So our approach would be to plan our 2016 based on of course how we view the market towards the end of this year. In terms of the revisions and kind of commenting on where we are at, I think, our situation with the currency is not so much an issue of lower demand or lower quantities, but it really is pressure on the revenue side and the translation of currency. We had some particularly strong results in some of those currency affected areas which is actually a good problem to have. But from the pricing point of view it’s very difficult to change the pricing in a short-term basis. So we’re doing what we can in the short-term to increase prices where we have some ability to do that, that’s a longer-term solution it’s really with products, new products and innovation.
Cliff Pemble: Well, Honda is currently rolling out in North America now, so we’re on a quite few platforms there, including the Pilot, Civic, CR-V and the Accord. So we’re excited about what’s going on there and it is rolling out for plan.
Cliff Pemble: And in terms of the product line-up, Simona, we’re basically in place now with our fourth quarter holiday plans of all of the introductions that we had planned for the year, so 19% [ph].
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think a couple of things, Mark, in terms of the pricing, last year we were selling our basic entry-level tracker, the Vivofit at $129. And this year in terms of product lifecycle and overall market the situation has changed where that’s above sub-$99 or sometime even sub-$79 product. Of course, we have other products that are filled in towards the upper end, but the situation is just different this year than last year. In terms of FX we aren’t really at a pricing disadvantage because of FX. It doesn’t make our prices higher, but it makes it – the impact is on the revenue we recognize in U.S. dollars once the currencies are translated. So that’s really the factor. And then the other thing I would mention is that the overall fitness market also includes running and the running market dynamics have changed in the past year, due to the advent of the wrist-based heart rate being key features that customers want. And consequently our product line until we started introducing our products of Forerunner 225 and now Forerunner 235 have been little softer in the market because of absence of that feature.
Cliff Pemble: At this point of time, you are right we do have a very strong balance sheet, as well as still have significant cash flow. But as we look at that our stock buyback situation will continue to monitor that depending upon the different conditions that are out there.
Cliff Pemble: Well we’ve been doing very well in APAC in some countries like China and Taiwan particularly with wearables that’s a big growth area there. But one thing I would like to highlight is that, last year in Q3 the Americas region had its strongest performance of the year, up 12%. And so we are comping against little stronger performance in the Americas region, as well.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we still are working on some new platforms that haven’t air reached in the market. As you know the 100 Jet and Cirrus SF50. And so those have been programs that are still in the works and of course we are constantly working on new business, but at this time we don’t have anything to report.
Cliff Pemble: Well I think, specifically for auto we have done some appropriate level of advertising around some of these new features that you mentioned. But as you know the category has matured and has been in secular declines. So we’re judiciously investing there, based on the opportunity. In terms of where we’re focused strategically, the fitness market and to some extent outdoor categories are where we’re focusing our advertising spend.
Cliff Pemble: Impacting us positively right now, as it’s been swinging weaker. So that’s reflected in our overall results.
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly has increased in the past years and part of that is that the product lines have become more complicated than they used to be in the past. They used to be that we could tell a device that was engineered to kind of standalone unit. But today we not only have to do the device, but we also have to do the cloud and the mobile applications so the development has become more complicated and thus requires more investments just kind of the reality of the current state of the market. With that said, we do wish to leverage our R&D investments and overtime try to equalize out with the opportunity but it would definitely be at a higher level than what we’ve seen historically.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, in terms of outdoor the opportunity there is particularly in wearables and also dog products have been doing very well. And so again next year we would intend to leverage those categories to be able to sustain and possibly even grow the overall category of outdoor. In terms of cameras, we’ve just recently introduced the VIRB X and VIRB XE. And we’ve taken an approach there being more of a niche player particularly appealing to the other segment customers in our product line, particularly in marine and aviation. And we feel reasonably positive about how that’s been going as more of a niche category we’ve had a lot of good feedback from those markets. And it’s been getting specialty distribution that seems to be good.
Cliff Pemble: Yes in terms of the macro side we don’t really see anything in the near-term that reverses that the trends, I think, aviation tends to be a long-term play. So as a result, as the macro conditions ebb and flow it tends to impact the market and the market reacts over a period of months or years. But in terms of the oil side of things the biggest impact for us has been on the helicopter side, particularly where the oil services companies and of course the providers of equipment to those and both the OEM and aftermarket has been challenged in that environment. And the other secondary factor is the oil producing countries the people there probably aren’t buying as many aircraft or retrofitting as many aircraft in that environment. But that will equalize overtime, oil prices tend to go up and down, so it’s not something we’re particularly worried about in the longer-term.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I mean, we’re advertising those products where we see the biggest market opportunity and that’s particularly in areas of activity trackers, fitness, and some of our wearables and outdoor.
Cliff Pemble: Okay, understand. So I’ll address the first question you mentioned about unlocking value, that is something that not on our radar right now. We view our all of our segments, as strategic components of our overall portfolio and it’s something that we aren’t considering. In terms of portfolio shaping, I’m assumingly what you mean by that is a strategic direction of our product portfolio and that is something that we review, on a regular basis with our Board and it’s something that we review internally on a constant basis within our company, with each segment.
Cliff Pemble: Yes I think the recent results are obviously challenging, because on the financial yardstick point of view, we of course are experiencing pressure. But as I mentioned in my comments on the unit side of things, our unit deliveries are up and we’re seeing success in markets around the world. So it really isn’t a time for us to strategically peel back on some of those things. In fact, it’s probably a time to increase, so that we can create more innovation out there and over the long-term, as I mentioned before, be able to reset the pricing in the market around new products and new innovation.
Doug Boessen: Yes, this Doug. I will talk about the breakout of the fitness gross margin, year-over-year decline, about 360 basis points of that decline year-over-year is due to FX, the remainder is due to the product mix change, as well as the competitive pricing dynamics. And as it relates to hedging, hedging is something where we’ve seen the fluctuations in the currency all through our corporate history book from a favorable, as well as unfavorable and we looked that in the past. Our current plans are not to hedge, since there has been large fluctuation of currency that is already taking place.
Doug Boessen: Yes in terms of the heart rate technology Jeremy, you know that we are a company that comes from the technical running side of things. So heart rate accuracy is very important to us. And other things that we did with our new technologies is ensure that it works very well for both the demanding athlete, as well as the less demanding requirements of all-day tracking. So we feel very good about the accuracy of our solution we feel like it’s very versatile and allows us to widely deploy it across our product line. In terms of ramp-up of the new products, these products as I mentioned in my comments, are available shipping now and they should be vívosmart HR should be available the November 1 at Best Buy and Forerunner 235 is also shipping now. So we think that they will have a meaningful impact on our Q4.
Doug Boessen: Well I think our cash flow situation of course has been impacted by all the factors that we mentioned, particularly the reduction in revenues due to currency, as well as the increased tax rate. So this is not the ideal situation that we would have planned and of course we plan for higher levels of cash flow generation in the future with new product introductions and as things normalized around the currency rates.
Doug Boessen: Yes, in terms of the growth on a constant currency, we kind of headlined our overall situation on a consolidated basis so we haven’t been focusing on that on the individual segments. We feel like the situation is going to quickly clear as we exit the year because if you remember the currency took a major nosedive that the international currencies did around the first half of the year. So a lot has changed between then and now because we’re introducing new products, we’re adjusting pricing and so the comment on constant currency, things start to get a little bit intermingled and difficult to isolate. In terms of advertising, we are spending at a higher level strategically in fitness. And we will continue to do so in the future in order to take advantage of the opportunity. So I would expect that in the coming year that we would have an increased level of advertising over historical levels probably similar in terms of percentage of sales and as to where we are today.
Doug Boessen: Yes, so basically, yes, we had $148 million year-to-date of headwinds. So $185 is the amount of difference from that standpoint. And as you move into Q1, as Cliff previously mentioned, some of the exchange rates hopefully will kind of be more level, year-over-year from that standpoint. But yes…
Doug Boessen: Well, certainly, our goal is to try to bring it back towards where it was but I think, it is kind of the state of the new reality in the market. There is a lot of emphasis on the fitness, a lot of competition out there. And so I would not expect to be able to certainly, quickly or maybe even ever be able to get back to the very high levels that we had when the product mix was only specialty products.
Doug Boessen: Well I think it’s probably hard to predict how the different markets perform. Europe and the international scene is probably a year or two behind in terms of the overall adoption of fitness and wellness based products. But they’re in a little more of a growth curve at this moment.
Doug Boessen: Yes, I think, the past couple of years we’ve definitely seen a lot of new platforms, particularly in late 2013, 2014 and early 2015. We still have a couple of platforms that are publicly announced out there that are yet to be certified late this year, early next year. But in terms of the new business of course I can’t comment on those at this time.
Doug Boessen: So I think dividend is a high priority for us, particularly to be a reliable, long-term payer of dividend. So that’s really our number one priority in terms of our overall usage of free cash flow. For us, at higher levels of cash flow we also want to consider other investments like acquisitions and buybacks, but will tend to fill those in based on our available cash flow in order to make sure that we’re able to manage our cash appropriately.
Doug Boessen: Yes, I think that’s a while running has traditionally been viewed as a niche, I think, there’s is definitely a social movement going on now with increased activity including running. So a lot of people are starting to be interested in it, and pick up on it and a lot of people that are coming to the market of course are people that have been exposed to Garmin in some way. So we feel like we do have broad brand recognition and the ability to serve those customers, as they get interested in it.
