Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So, outdoor, we do anticipate in the back half that we'll be refreshing product line. So that's built into our assumptions on the outdoor segment. As far as Tacx goes, its early days, but we are in the process of integrating them into our business infrastructure including our supply chain and they are also working on updating their factory facilities in order to build trainers. In terms of gross margin again early days, but there's probably opportunity to improve over time, but that would take some amount of time to be able to realize those savings as we go along.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So ADS-B was definitely a growth factor for the segment, but it's not the only factor. As I mentioned there's really broad-based growth across many product categories and also the segments of the market OEM and aftermarket. In terms of our views of the activity after the mandate, we're basing that on feedback from our installing partners who are telling us that they are booked out some now into 2020. And just looking at the total number of aircraft that remain to be equipped and the rates at which they're currently being equipped, we feel like there's a good chance that those will continue into 2020.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. So Ben the mix in terms of OEM and retrofit, we don't break it down in detail. But we've said directionally in the past that it's roughly split between the two evenly and that remains to be true. And we saw pretty much identical growth rates between those two categories of product for the quarter. So there's strength across both categories of the markets that we serve. In terms of pull-forward impact on ADS-B, for sure those people that are equipped with ADS-B and have taken the time to fully upgrade their panels with new technology, they obviously are not going to be upgrading in 2020 again per se. But there's many, many more aircraft out there that are needing new technology. Some of them are flying with equipment that's decades old and we believe this is an opportunity for people to reassess the electronics in their aircraft and upgrade to a new technology that's available now.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So our automobile guidance takes into account everything we've experienced so far. We're rolling forward the benefits that we've had into the guidance and not making bold assumptions about where the market will go, although we're pleased with how the performance of certain product categories in the segment have performed, particularly the higher-end PND lines have been stronger than what they've been in the past. So that's all good news. In terms of BMW, the first set of our program is scheduled to be a 2020 program and that's progressing as we have said before. There'll be minimal impact in 2019. That's been built into our guidance obviously and the newer sets of business that we won with BMW is an ongoing effort. It will take some number of years now to develop that we're in the process of investing in the capital infrastructure that we need to be able to support that program including upgrading some of our existing factories and establishing a new facility in Europe.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think we definitely see some reason to be a little more cautious in the second half. We're comping against really strong growth numbers last year. And the installation capacity in the field is pretty much established and fixed, so it's harder to grow on big numbers like we did in the past. So we believe that's a solid guide for the segment. And inevitably as we approach the deadline there will certainly be a wind down of the activity as we go forward. So we're looking forward to that as well.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I can't comment on specific plans for the line. But I would say that like every other product launch that we do there's opportunities for improved margin both gross and operating margins as new products come into the mix. And we promote the older products that are being phased out.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think that's based on what we see from the Tacx business historically and rolling out the product into new markets does take some time. So there's some incremental benefit from that, but that's already figured into our outlook.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. That's an opportunity. We're obviously watching and preparing for it. It's certainly going to be a much smaller opportunity than what we've seen in the Americas because the majority of ADS-B potential aircraft are in the American market. But still, it remains an opportunity for us to be able to serve that mandate as well.
Cliff Pemble: Well we don't comment on specific plans, but I would say that we do have a solid road map in the Tacx division for their products and we're investing more in R&D to be able to bring those to market.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. We think the sell-through is very strong. The products have been received very well by the market and we're excited about the new products.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So MARQ, we're very pleased with how things have gone out of the gate. The sell-in was delightful for us and the sell-through has been something that we think is very strong. The Instinct has been a very strong product for us. It's expanded the base of users in the adventure watch market. So, it's got a strong following, a strong sell-through. The fenix obviously has been a little over a year now since we introduced the fenix five Plus and we expect to have additional new product announcements coming shortly.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think there's admittedly some amount of shifting definitions of those numbers provided by the FAA. And we interpret the 90,000 obviously as including everything like I highlighted including commercial as well as experimental aircraft. The 100,000 to 160,000 aircraft probably only includes just those GA aircraft and people aren't really thinking about the high-end experimentals that also want to have that equipment. So we see a pretty significant runway even if you ignore those nuances and just look at it for what it is. We think that the 100 number is certainly too low. And if you look at the higher number the 160, it would appear that we have nearly the same amount of market left to go in the cycle. So that represents a significant opportunity.
Cliff Pemble: I think it's a combination of those factors. Certainly, the market has been strong, especially in the higher-end boats and that's where our equipment and our content is very strong. But we also see market share gains as we've introduced these disruptive new technologies like Panoptix LiveScope. That's caused people to rethink their choices and purchase new equipment that's compatible with our system so that they can take advantage of the new technology.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So a few factors. One is that the market is certainly gravitating towards quicker solutions as we get closer to the mandate. People are realizing that they need to be compatible with the mandate, and so they're selecting some solutions right now that will get them by. We expect some of those will come back in the future to do more. We've also been working proactively to expand our installed base. So that's helped improve the throughput certainly of our equipment. So that's yet another factor that's out there. And then finally, I think shops had figured out how to be more efficient and so they've obviously been hiring people. The rates -- the labor rates have been improving, which of course attracts employees into the field. So there's many different combinations of things that are going on that have improved the throughput in recent months.
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly, hitting the high end is more of a challenge than hitting the lower numbers, but we do think it's possible to do. For the airframes that are out there where people might be contemplating the upgrade versus scrap, I think those airplanes probably aren't candidates anyway. So they've already been factored into the projected numbers.
Doug Boessen: Sure. Yeah. Inventory is up year-over-year. It's due to a number of factors, one of which is just timing of product launches just anticipation of product launches in the back half. Also, some raw material requirements just making sure we have appropriate levels of safety stock. And also we acquired Tacx so that basically was incremental increase year-over-year, also looking at the prior number probably a little bit lighter last year on inventory than we'd like to be in. Kind of looking at inventory on the go forward for the rest of the year, I probably would expect the year-end inventory balance to be pretty similar to what I saw in Q2. It will probably go up some in Q3 probably similar type of year-over-year change I saw in Q2, but it'll come down some and we just want to make sure we have appropriate levels of inventory to meet our continuing demands.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. So as it relates to the amount of Tacx for Q2, it was a little bit under half. We do expect Tacx for the full year to be about half of the year-over-year growth in the fitness business. And it relates to the gross margins, we don't give specific gross margin by each one of our product lines. But like Cliff mentioned, we're looking to improve those over time.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. Sure. You're exactly right. Tacx and the acquisitions will play a bigger factor in the back half, so that will cause our OpEx to grow at a faster rate in the back half. To give kind of a rundown between the different OpEx, so overall operating expense is consolidated. We would expect as a percentage of sales probably about a 50 basis point increase year-over-year. Looking at advertising, I still think as a percentage of sales that will probably be relatively flat year-over-year. So probably have some year-over-year increases in advertising just as we have new product launches come out in the back half and they're a little bit higher year-over-year increase we saw in the first half. Then as it relates to R&D, we expect that to be relatively as a percentage of sales consistent year-over-year. Then in SG&A that will probably be up about 50 basis points and that's primarily due to the acquisitions impact on the back half of the year or a period of time.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. Absolutely, because of leverage and the sales, we took our sales up from that standpoint. So in R&D area we're continuing to add headcount there to – for our product lines but continue to optimize that as we go along. But yes certainly just leveraging basically increased sales.
