Douglas Boessen: Yes. So when we think about that, yes, relating to the gross margin, back half versus what we've seen in the first half, we'll continue to see segment mix have an impact. That will have an impact to reduce the gross margin in the back half. As it relates to expenses, yes, we'll continue to make investments in R&D, primarily to support our innovation.
Douglas Boessen: Good question. There is a working capital consideration you take into consideration also. So one of which is inventory. Last year, in the back half, we saw some benefit relating to our inventory being lower. This year, we expect in the back half that we would be increasing our inventory. On a year-over-year basis, we probably expect inventory decrease in line with sales, so there will be a use of cash in the back half for inventory.
Douglas Boessen: Sure. As it relates to capital allocation, it's consistent with what we've had in the past, our priorities are really reliable dividends, investments back in our business as CapEx, also acquisitions such as JL Audio and then share buybacks. And share buybacks is really depending upon the market and the business conditions. We'll take a look at that every quarter. As it relates to CapEx, yes, the back half, those investments really relate to so investments in our manufacturing facilities. Also, we'll have some invest IT projects to enhance some of our security infrastructure as well as we're continuing our renovations of our facilities here in Kansas.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, Joe, I think our performance in the aftermarket is definitely much better than the overall market. And even in the OEM channels that we serve, our performance is much better than the broader markets than reporting. I think we attribute this to really our product lines highly innovative and very broad. We're doing very well, and in chartplotters, we have the best mapping, and sonar systems, radar and autopilots. And trolling motors are somewhat of a newer category for us. It's expanding and helping us to take share.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, Erik, I think there's a lot of moving pieces that go into the guide. In some cases, as in fitness, I think we're very optimistic and encouraged by our performance. And so there's a little more optimism in that guide as we anniversary the launches of the major products that we had last year. And then in marine, I think we're mostly taking a wait-and-see approach. We're rolling forward certainly the higher performance. But as has already been noted, the marine market is generally stabilizing, and so we're simply just taking a slightly different view there. And everything else remains in line with what we had earlier said.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, George, we announced those additional awards last quarter. Nothing has really changed in that since then. We're working hard to bring those to market, as we mentioned, starting in 2026. In terms of the margin profile for those products, I would just point out that's still domain controller products. And so that carries that typical mid-teens kind of gross margin that we've been talking about with it as well. So it's very much in line with the business that we're currently seeing settle in, in terms of the auto OEM revenue structure.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think, David, if you look where we are this quarter versus last year, there's been a big swing in product mix to that domain controller category, which what we've been saying for the past year is that that would definitely be a margin impact because of the profile of those products. And so that's what's driving our gross margin this year compared to last year. And it pretty much put the gross margin dollars kind of even with last year. So there's a big transition point that we've already gone through. You saw our engineering and expense structure come down, and so our loss decreased. And I would point out that auto OEM also absorbs a certain amount of allocated costs across the company, which would otherwise go to other segments. So we're starting to see that leverage. We're probably a little bit behind where we thought we would be, although we're talking about very small numbers in terms of the difference. And so we're looking forward to the additional volume ramp and seeing those leverages come into play as the efficiencies go up.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. We watch it very closely. We're able to see our sell-in versus our registrations. And we believe that the channel is really very clean right now. The products are selling through at a very consistent rate with our sales in. And the products seem to be very popular and people really appreciate them. So we're really excited about our performance in wearables in general.
Clifton Pemble: We don't break out specifics on that, but I would say that trolling motors are contributing to that increased organic revenue. But it's not the only category. In fact, chartplotters were also very good. And that's an indicator basically of the market robustness and the strength of our product line as people are installing it on their boats.
Clifton Pemble: Well, we're interested in all kinds of product categories, including that, and others. So far, we've done very well with our wearables, and I think it has the most utility. But there's certainly a group of people that like that kind of form factor. So we keep open minds to the categories and we explore all possibilities.
Clifton Pemble: I don't think the promotional activity is materially different. We have a yearly cadence around the calendar of our retailers, most recently, for example, Prime Day. The mix of products that we offer can vary from year-to-year, and that can probably affect whether it's more promotional or less. But in general, I would say it's shaping up to be a pretty typical year.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think our year-to-date performance has been remarkable. We credit it to the strength of our product line. It's certainly not just the Forerunner 165. We have the 965 and 265 which are also doing very, very well, the vivoactive 5 on the low end of advanced wearables, as well as the Venue 3 and 3S, all of which has been popular. So we're seeing success across the range of products from high end to low end. In terms of the overall market, I would say that it's generally stable. It's not a huge growth market, but it's a huge market. And our opportunity is really share gains, which we see happening with the kind of results that we're driving. So we're excited about that. And in terms of refresh opportunities, we track that, new users versus existing users and what kinds of products that they go from and what they go to. And definitely, we see this refresh cycle that occurs with our customer base every two to three years. And we're starting to see some of that, especially as our new products really leapfrog the generation or two behind where they might have already had a product that they were using. So definitely, there's ongoing opportunities with the existing customer base.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think we're no different than most companies. We look at AI as a potential business tool, and we're doing some of that. Some of what we look at there, we take a wait-and-see approach because there's still a lot of claims that AI is making that have yet to be demonstrated. But in terms of product-specific uses, I would say that a more constrained model around customer data and trends is something that we're very interested in. And we continue to explore possible features that we would have in our products in the future driven by that technology.
Clifton Pemble: I think that the outdoor wearables, Ivan, was really when we passed the pipeline fill of our fēnix and epix Pro releases from last year. And as we look forward, we're basically factoring in our additional product releases that we have for the rest of the year, and we anticipate that will grow as we move forward.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think we've really been a pioneer in those kinds of sensor measurements, particularly when you look at HRV, which drives many of our metrics in our devices, from performance condition to sleep quality. These are all very important things. And so we've been on the forefront of that. And our practice has been, and our history has been, as we invent these features, we roll them across product lines and expand the functionality broadly and make it available to even more users.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So our marine business is mostly comprised of aftermarket, especially in this environment where boat building is at a reduced level as field inventory has worked down. With the addition of JL Audio, a lot of those sales we probably categorize more in the aftermarket area, although there is some that goes to OEM. It's a little harder to track in marine because some of the distribution channels are independent distributors who sell and turn to smaller boat builders. And so it isn't always possible to track exactly which products go where. But in general, we're seeing strength in the aftermarket channels as well as better-than-industry performance in the OEM side. In terms of the margin picture, I would say that other than the impact that we've talked about with JL Audio as a dilutive factor, overall, we don't see any change in the overall marine margin structure, especially as you mentioned towards the end of the year, we would see that the segment and the market really will continue to perform in the ranges that have been historically true.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think, Erik, we would say that there's not any significant evidence that spending patterns for our product lines and our customer base are currently being impacted. It's a little hard to say it's not because we don't have control data to measure that against because we're doing so well. But we do tend to target a customer base and product ranges that are not at the commodity low-end level. So we make premium products with clear differentiators, and customers seem to appreciate them and step up for them. So it would appear that that is resonating with customers.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. Our Connect registration behaviors, we've mentioned those from time to time that most of the new accounts and the new devices we see registered on Connect are from new customers. We do see a healthy number of existing customers that continue to engage with Garmin and they upgrade their devices. And we see, frankly, a robust secondhand market where people might sell one of their products and trade up to another one, and somebody, a brand-new customer to Garmin, comes into Connect, which gives us an opportunity to then upgrade them in the future. So in general, I would say it's a very healthy environment, and mostly still driven by new customers.
Erik Woodring: Hey guys, good morning. Thank you for taking my call. Doug or Cliff, either one of you, I just want to kind of get your viewpoint. As we think about the guidance increase, obviously, nice outperformance in 1Q, so you were tracking above and now we've seen you raised guidance. Would you say that that increase in guidance is solely a reflection of the better first half? Or are you seeing some of that sustain into the second half relative to your expectations? Just want to kind of get a sense, is this kind of a reflection just of 1Q outperformance? Or is the second half of the year better than you thought as well? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you so much.
Erik Woodring: Okay. No, that's very helpful. And then, Doug, maybe for you. Your free cash flow kind of seasonality historically has been a bit volatile, but more often than not you do about 35% to 40% of annual free cash flow in the first half of the year. If we take your updated viewpoint on free cash flow, I believe it was up $900 million for the year, it would imply first half free cash flow is actually more like, call it, 70%, which would be at least near decade high. Can you maybe just help us understand some of the seasonality or moving pieces as it relates to free cash flow? Why the second half of the year would be so much weaker than we see historically for you guys? And that's it for me. Thanks so much.
Erik Woodring: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my follow ups. Just two quick ones, if I may. Maybe big picture, some of the questions have maybe alluded to this topic. But I'd say there have been some growing concerns around consumer spending. We're also hearing about some evidence of incremental, let's call it, hardware spending in Europe -- hardware setting weakness in Europe, excuse me. Just given your significant exposure to each market, can you maybe just give us some detail on exactly what you're seeing from an end demand standpoint related to the consumer? Are you seeing any trading down? It doesn't seem like it, but I just want to make sure we get your perspective given kind of how wide you reach is. And then just a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then maybe just last one. If you look at Garmin Connect MAUs, strength there, at least growth there has been very consistent in the mid-teens on a monthly basis year-over-year. Is there any way that you can help us understand what of that growth is new customer additions versus prior Garmin customers just reengaging with the Connect app? And does that behavior look any different than past cycles or past periods? Just trying to understand kind of the strength of new users versus existing users that are just reengaging. And that's it for me. Thanks.
