Chris Connor: Thanks Bob. Yes, we will be talking about all those topics when we come to see the entire investment community in New York next month. And specifically to your question on price in SG&A, as you know we did comment in the last quarter call that we did take price to the market in the first quarter. Those price increases are going in I think typically [good] for us, so nothing to report there out of the ordinary. As you know, we’ve given guidance which is somewhat unusual for us that our gross margin this year will come in probably in the 45.5% to 46% range, up from 45.3%. So you can read into that that the price effect is taking place and holding and delivering the expected results. And I think the SG&A numbers are going to be a little bit cloudy this year. As we’ve pointed out, the jump on that is almost 100% attributable to the acquisition rolling in. When we back that out for example and start we’re seeing SG&A leverage, we would expect that the year goes on to continue to see that SG&A leverage as sales ramp up.
Chris Connor: Bob it also has been our practice, we haven’t commented on pricing activity so much outside of the stores organization. We’d basically just kind of give you a sense of where we’re managing that inside that platform; we tend to keep those discussions confidential so nothing comment on pricing outside of the stores’ organization today.
Chris Connor: Yes Ghansham, as the quarter unfold and we certainly had days and weeks of rough weather in certain geographies. I think the interesting impact was we can certainly see that in our daily sales reports. But typically that buy would rebound relatively quickly. So when we did have good weather, we’d have strong days in the back side of that. And the kinds of projects that we’re involved with these products typically don't get deferred if you miss the painting window in February, because store is closed or traffic system -- contractors can't get to job site, doesn't tend to get delay for quarters or years, it gets right back on it. So certainly, we had some days, so we were low on revenue but overall I think the quarter was pretty steady in terms of the demand that we saw.
Chris Connor: So geographically Dan, the weaknesses unfortunately are on two biggest economies Brazil and Mexico, architectural and both of those categories is probably leading the weakness but we are also not seeing much pick up in the protective and marine segments either. So pretty soft market conditions in both of those economies. And then of course as we commented throughout currency in both places is not helping either.
Chris Connor: Yes. That’s insightful comment, you’re absolutely correct. In fact when we kind of look at the rolling 12 month new store count were up 95 net new stores this quarter part and parcel that SG&A kind of moving a little bit in the wrong direction as we get excited about the coming demand and getting on top of it. This is actually the preferred path for us. We would rather not be so back-end loaded on new store openings. We don’t control that as much as the municipalities and the building permit cycle that developers face trying to get these retail stores open. So, I think this is nothing more than the start just aligning a little better performance, getting these stores open. And as we commented, we’re pretty much on target here to get this 80 to 90 store count in this year.
Chris Connor: Raw material comment in Latin America is that so much of that raw material based on there is U.S. dollar denominated. So our raw is relatively flat and benign everywhere including Latin America, it’s the local currency conversion rate that’s the headwind for those guys.
Chris Connor: Yes. So the DIY business there, I mean it’s always been an important part of our marketing platform here and through our stores organization continues to be something we’re trying to build. To put it in perspective, our business ratio through those neighborhood network of paint stores is about 85% professional, 15% DIY. So while an important segment, it’s fairly de minimis compared to the contractor focus . I wouldn’t characterize that a DIY program so much as a [perk] program, we do have a preferred customer arrangement that we build up by just capturing customer’s email contact information and clearly doing a much better job of connecting with them on a very digital format that are available to us. As we’ve said repeatedly now for I think the last 2.5 years, our DIY sales have been terrific, they have been outpacing the market and slowly gaining a little share. And as a result of that, we’re pretty pleased with that performance. We give some credit to our relationship with HGTV, which has been a terrific relationship with the company attracting a younger consumer to us. In terms of our Consumer Group customers and their exposure to the DIY market and whether or not they are adjusting inventory, I would expect the answer has to be no. I mean most of these folks are very sophisticated, retailers have great systems in place, much as we talked about working capital management and the systems we put into help us manage that. I think they are doing the same. So, long gone the days where inventories spike up and down based on some kind of a term being offered et cetera. So, I think they are in pretty good inventory shape and we would expect it to season ramps up, so (inaudible) purchase this.
Chris Connor: The answer to that is yes, and I think that’s why we really changed what we did for pricing this year versus in the past. We used to give you a percentage and a date and because this was an integration between just not only the core, but really five different businesses that needed to be integrated. There was going to be some timing different and that’s why we switched from giving you a date and a percentage that we are going out, an effective rate that we saw that we are going to eventually achieve. We went to a gross margin forecast where we went from 45.5 to 46. And those were the reasons why, those are part of the reason why is because what you just referred to.
Chris Connor: Yes Trey, I think we had commented that certainly as new products and technologies are being worked on and we’re exploring all the different types of titanium packages that might help us get to the market. We have seen some switching outside the U.S. Those activities are continuing to move. I don’t think those are going to be dramatic shifts for us, but it’s helping a little bit around the margins.
Chris Connor: Right. What we have said is that next year when we will take a look at 2015 we believe that the operating margin will be in the high single-digits. So when you look at the sales next year, it’s going very well, right sizing the SG&A and so forth the gross margins are moving in the right direction. So, we still feel pretty good about that forecast.
Chris Connor: I have the gross profit here, Paint Stores Group, $104.7 million the gross profit increase, consumer was $1.4 million increase, Global Finishes were $5.6 million increase and Latin America was actually a reduction of $6.9 million. On the SG&A, I don’t have those right now.
Chris Connor: Yes Nils, not so much differences between the five brands, but clearly a difference between the way that their organization approached us in a way that the Sherwin’s core business. We referenced the ramp up to our POS system effective March 1 for these stores and that’s really the start of the process, it starts with good data collection. So we can actually look at trends and look at specific customer segmentation, volume sets et cetera. So all that tooling will be helpful for our field teams in coaching our new members of the team here and how to appropriately price these products. And so I think one of the previous callers asked about price increases here as well too. And these are all the things that will be improving. Sean just gave guidance that we expect next year that these stores will be in the high single-digits in terms of operating margins as a percent of sales. And we’re ramping them up fully to the mid-teens that stores runs at, this will be part of that mix getting that pricing levered properly and implement it. So, work to be done here still.
Chris Connor: Yes. We are happy to continue to think about Mexico, we have a good business down there and we were excited for a long time to have a better stance there, obviously it didn't work out that way. I think that remains to be seen and that's probably broader for future conversations to talk a little bit about what our strategy is. Right now we're just trying to [execrate] ourselves from this particular situation we're in.
Chris Connor: So just to give you, while Sean is taking the few numbers up here Kevin, think about the fact that fundamentally [butane] is made from water and when half of the United States is under the pour of vortex we were shifting a lot of pain around this country and zero degree temperatures, below zero temperatures. And so resting heated trailers, having to put some frozen loads in the heated warehouses to get them ready, checking the R&D and some of these things to make sure they are still viable so those are some of the factors that led to these costs.
Chris Connor: Hey Kevin we’ve been clear with the street about our interest and intentions to continue to build out our architectural coatings platform throughout the Western Hemisphere. There are number of terrific companies in all those geographies including Canada, United States throughout all of the Latin American region and time will tell whether any of those come to fruition on that. So this is just, this was one opportunity; we have other ideas that we’ll be working out if time’s with us. Likewise we continue to be focused on building out our industrial coatings platform globally and there are some interesting technologies there as well too. So nothing more to report on that.
Chris Connor: Those numbers are pretty accurate Don. I think we’ve been showing that chart now as part of our industrial deck for a couple of years. You will recall that the peak of that market was 800 million gallon and there are some folks commenting that they think that that’s the more realistic number that the market can get to in coming years. As you know we tend to be little more conservative on that. So I think you are pretty much on target. We’re moving up comfortably now into the mid 600 million gallons for the industry, this will be another year of progress. So pushing in that 700 with another call it 50 to 100 million gallons of our incremental growth for the industry you have to go.
Chris Connor: Dennis. March was the best quarter, or best month we had in the quarter or January, February about even.
Chris Connor: Yes. So I think the we would agree with the Global business, what we're feeling that we're on a good trend line here, we have solidified a lot of the operations in Europe, particularly in the back of our acquisitions there several years ago. Asia is showing some nice improvement from really, really low market share. So, we've got a lot of room to go there, but we're pleased with the process improvement we've seen there, you recall this as a segment that was running at around 3% ROS and now we're pushing up close to targets we told that we can get it to which would be into the low double digit. So, that's tracking well. And we think if that can't continue to add some tailwind to the company's numbers going forward. Latin America not so much and I think we commented that we expect that we're going to be in for tough (inaudible) here for the rest of the year given the currency and the market environment.
Chris Connor: Yes, we haven’t specifically commented on that. I think as time unfolds, we will be in a better position to share that with you.
Chris Connor: Yes I think that before we give you any type of guidance for the full year, we would like to see another quarter. I mean we just have gone through one quarter. At the beginning of the year, our expectations were if you remember, we had a one-time hit in our mine which was the Brazilian [fund that] situation. But without that, our margins were still -- our operating margins were still strong. At the beginning of the year we thought that we were going to have improvement or at least be flat, I would say, we would like to have seen other quarter but we are not as optimistic about having improved margins as we were three months ago that’s for sure.
Chris Connor: We did comment that we have no idea, what the timing on that will likely be and we made no comment about the cost impact.
Chris Connor: No, our promotional schedule for our Paint Store’s team has been pretty consistent now for a number of years. They do have these big super sale events around important weekends in the paint season as they start to ramp up, but from a day-to-day comparison year-to-year as well as the discount comparison from year-to-year, Jay, those have been very consistent.
Chris Connor: Yes. So our thoughts on M&A obviously are always long term and we think the long term demand for the kinds of products that we would like to be purchasing and adding to our platform are strong. So where appropriate targets to emerge in Brazil or anywhere throughout Latin American region that we thought we could acquire and improve and enhance their contribution to our earnings growth, we would be interested in doing that. So just too speculative to comment any further on that at this point.
Chris Connor: Yes. So Eric, I think it’s typical with these types of controlled store acquisitions. We commented that this was a struggling asset for the parent company. Their sales have been declining when we acquired them. They have improved slightly from that position, but they are still a little bit negative. So, with the market that’s rebounding in gallon growth, you have to assume that there is some concern if they are losing share. Interestingly, now with these POSs in place, we can kind of track who those specific customers are. And so a lot of that share transfer has been going from their store locations to ours. And that will be important part of this process for us going forward. I can say with great confidence that in all the markets that we have acquired these stores, the company is not losing share, just maybe seeing a little bit of erosion in the acquired store format.
Chris Connor: We’ve already seen in a relatively short period of time that trend line moving positively in a very quick fashion. It comes from better inventory in the stores and enhanced and improved associated product line ups that we have been rolling into their store locations as well including some of our own brands for the applicators case and point. So our expectations are that these stores are going to go positive as the year unfolds.
Chris Connor: And to the second part of your question Jaideep the industrial coatings franchise really is benefiting now from organic growth. There was a substantial M&A activity probably up to three years ago; trading the platform we needed in various geographies around the world. But as we have seen the significant profit leverage and the sales revenue, market share growth is coming now from the businesses we have. We have commented a couple of times during the call about continuing to be on the hunt for appropriate acquisitions in this space, but for the last couple of years has been mostly organic performance.
Chris Connor: Yes consumer did pickup a piece of that business both most notably dug back and some dealers in Canada and in the United States so they also picked up a piece of that Comex acquisition.
Chris Connor: Yes. We’ve got a good quarter John in those categories as well (inaudible) obviously for us is always one of the leading indicators of [gaining] contractor confidence and just as we’ve been talking about strong sales performance in the stores, these categories have been up double-digits as well. So, just adding to the comment that Bob added about since the thing that these anecdotal information we get from seeing these folks in our stores every day.
Chris Connor: No, most of those sales start to come in around this time of the year, March and April. This is when we typically see what we call pro-day or pro-show events happening from both children, as well as all the other people in this place. We commented that March was a strong month for us in terms of rebounding in the quarter, so there was not substantial mixed shift away from paint and towards these types of products.
Sean Hennessy: This is Sean Hennessy, great question. When we take a look at the first quarter, yes sales were slightly above what we had thought, but the loss was dramatically lower. And we were talking on the first, three months ago when we reported the full year that we thought that 60% of the loss in 2014 would be coming from one time only and 40% would be operational. This quarter it was 80% operational and 20% one-time. So you can see the one time hit did not occur in the first quarter. And I like your word, the quarter is little bit choppy because as Chris mentioned, we have announced four, not all the hits have occurred into the real life due to those closings. So, as those come in, it’s a little choppy trying to determine exactly which quarter those will come in. But we still feel that this time we’re going to say with the guidance for the year on both the $0.45 to $0.55 and the $0.60, $0.40.
Sean Hennessy: I think that if you take a look at the long term history of company, we believe that we like to run the company at a one-time term debt to EBITDA. I think that we’ve been higher than that as well as we don’t believe in holding cash. And we’ve been -- have cash balances all the way up to $800 million to $900 million. So now that -- and we held that for the Comex Mexico, so that we have a proper liquidity at closing. I think over the next period of time, you are going to see us get back to those metrics. So I would tell you void of an acquisition, you are going to see us buyback stock.
Sean Hennessy: And again, this is Sean. But, we feel pretty good about our price realization and that’s why when you see the gross margins up $0.06 for the first quarter. And I think earlier this call, Chris again reaffirmed that the gross margin forecast we have 45.5 to 46 versus last year’s 45.3, we’re not changing that. So, we feel the realization has been good.
Sean Hennessy: Okay. And if you look at these costs, if we backed those costs out consumer margin in the first quarter would have been flat to up slightly year-over-year so we did report 15.7 and so when you look at that you can do the math but that’s where we are at, that’s where the costs us.
Sean Hennessy: Again as we mentioned currency actually was effective fell by 16% so we reported a negative 10, with a positive 6 has really driven this, Chris said by the Brazilian real last year was around 2 to 1 this quarter remaining at 2.38 to 2.40 to 1, but when you look at the volume we were negative in the volume for the Latin America group and we really don’t share volumes by segment specially in Latin America.
Sean Hennessy: At the end of the actual share count on May 31, 2014 was 99,651,879 that prefer not to give you, you can imagine each and every quarter we’ve purchased stock, so it’s very likely we’re going to be buying stock over the next three quarters and I will tell you that but I will prefer not to give you the guidance on what our share count is for the year-end.
Sean Hennessy: Dmitry, if I just go back to the total, our sales were down 10% after currency, and currency was 16%. So, we were up 6% in local currencies. And if you think about, we’ve really have told you that our volume was down, so prices 6, up at least 6 plus but our volume is down. So we’ve been moving prices as aggressively as we can. Some of the governments in South America have started to put pricing limits on, so we have to get approval from the governments. And we’re being as aggressive as we can to get pricing in South America.
Sean Hennessy: We really did -- we’ve really done a lot of accelerated stock repurchases 10 years ago, 8 years ago. About 4 years ago the volatility of our stock as well as a lot of other company stock really improved that ASRs really didn’t that were not in your best interest. I would tell you that the volatility in our stock is tremendously lower. I think that we’re interested in getting the stock, the greatest effect at our share count. So yes, we’re evaluating the ASRs at this time. And I think that we want to be in a situation where we can do -- if we do an ASR, we want to be opportunistic of our stock, to become more volatile again.
Sean Hennessy: First of all, the Global Finishes Group really recorded solid sales growth in North America, Europe and Asia. And when you look at the scale we have in North America, gallons gone through our footprints, our imprints in North America, gives us a greatest flow through. So that was nice. But they also, when you look at their Latin America, it was a significant drag in the quarter and they also were affected by that currency. So, gallons going through our North America footprint are more efficient.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. A couple of years ago I remember mentioning to you Eric, actually you asked the question, one of the other big issues that we’re spending is some IT projects. And as we continue to roll out our global Oracle platform, early next year we’ll have all of South America, Asia, as well as the United States. And so once we hit there, I think we’re in pretty good shape with IT. But those investments are actually helping us with our working capital. And you can see the results in our working capital. Usually the first quarter is one of the highest working capital as a percent of sales quarters we have and we’re at [10.4], without the Comex 11 and last year were at 11, 7. So some of these investments are not just for market share, but the majority of them are because of new stores and so forth, reps and so forth. But I would say IT is probably the other one that is really driving some of this cost. A lot of those costs are pretty flat across the year. And so our first quarter being the lowest sales quarter, those costs provided by the lowest sales quarter has the greatest impact on the SG&A as a percent of sales.
Sean Hennessy: I think it really comes down to Latin America Group and the currency and trying to figure out exactly what that currency is going to happen and that’s probably the biggest determination of the wide range.
Sean Hennessy: And again, this is Sean Hennessy. And I'll take the first question about the gross margin and structurally where are we. I think that overtime, we use to talk about a range of 41 to 44, we talk about 43 to 46, we're near the peak again. And in fact, we are saying that for the year, we're going to be at 45 to 46. Overtime, we believe that range will grow for a lot of the things that you just mentioned. We think that we continue to come out with new products that are higher gross margin and then efficiencies. So, I think that our Consumer Group overtime has done a great job of lowering our conversion costs, lowering our warehouse costs, lowering our logistics costs. So, those two things when you look over a five year period, I mean you look at the amount that new products have continued to help our gross margin. We think that's going to continue and that's why we continue to try to develop new products. And structurally, we took advantage when the market did crash, when the 800 approximate million gallons a year down to about 575. We did close some plans and some warehouses that are least efficient. So as that market comes back, and we are seeing it that we're actually producing those products in lower cost plants.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, we gave a sales range in the first quarter and if you look at the midpoint I think I answered it because I assume that he was speaking of the midpoint not the high-end of the range.
Bob Wells: Yes John, this is Bob. We look at published data sources just like everyone else and it’s been somewhat mixed in recent month. The one benefit of controlled distribution is that we get timely robust feedback from our contractor customers and a lot of this feedback lately has been about bidding activity and order volume. And sufficed to say commercial contractors are clearly busier and more optimistic than they were this time last year.
Bob Wells: Johnson, this is Bob again. The March housing starts and permits were released yesterday and it was interesting although the top-line was considered a bit of a miss versus consensus. Single family starts were really solid, they were up 6%. We think that’s the sign of latest strength in the market and we also believe that inventory levels of both new and existing homes are well below where they should be at this point in time if there is any pickup in rate of sales in the spring, they are going to be building. We do not believe that interest rates are significantly affecting affordability, so we would expect some pick up in the rate of sales in the spring.
Bob Wells: Yes Trey, this is Bob. We think for the first quarter specifically for the industry raw material inflation across the entire basket was likely flat to very low single-digits. Any year-over-year change in the quarter was most likely from plastic packaging due to as we referred to in the last call the run-up in the high density polyethylene and also monomer and polymer pricing might have been a little inflationary due to higher energy cost in the quarter. TiO2 still remains the moderate risk for the back half, it has not moved in the first half of the year. But even if it does move, it’s unlikely to push the raw material basket for the full year above say 2% inflation. So our outlook of flat to low single-digit is still solid.
Bob Wells: Dennis this is Bob. The two strongest divisions were in the double-digit, the other two were in the single.
Bob Wells: Thanks, Jaycee. As a reminder to everyone that’s still on the call, our annual financial community presentation is scheduled for Thursday, May 22 which is going to be held at the Intercontinental Barclays Hotel in New York City. The program will consist of our customary morning presentation and with questions and answers followed by a reception and lunch with company management. If you have not signed up and would like to attend registration is still opened. Send me an email at rjwells@sherwin.com, and I will reply with a link to our registration site. On a final note, our offices will be closed tomorrow in observings of Good Friday. So I will be returning calls over the balance of today and on Monday. Thanks for joining us today and thank you again for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
