Gary E. Hendrickson: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today I'll cover some of the highlights of our first quarter performance. Jim will then provide some additional details on the quarter's financials and our outlook for the year. We're pleased to report a good start to the year. Sales increased 4% and adjusted EPS was up 21%. These results reflect continued growth in both sales and profitability in our Coatings segment, benefits from new business wins, strong performance from China and the positive impact of our ongoing productivity initiatives. Like most multinational companies in the U.S., the strengthening of the U.S. dollar impacted our results for the quarter. Q1 sales growth in local currency was up 7%. We've not changed the full year outlook in local currency terms, but the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar has led us to modestly revise our sales outlook for 2015. Jim will take you through that later. Now I'll cover some specific highlights for the quarter. I'll start with our Coatings segment, which had another very strong quarter. In fact all product lines and regions grew both volume and sales even with the currency headwinds. EBIT in our Coatings segment also increased significantly in the quarter as a result of leveraging higher volumes and internal productivity initiatives. Some highlights include very strong volume growth in our general industrial and wood product lines driven by new business wins and market share gains. Our coil product line also benefited from new business wins. In our packaging product line, we continue to grow our sales and market share in all regions and in the non-BPA segment of the market. Looking at our Coatings segment from a geographic point of view, all regions grew, with growth in China being particularly strong. Turning now to our Paints segment, volumes increased and sales were up modestly in local currency. Strong volume growth in our international regions was partially offset by the expected softness in North America. So let me provide a little bit of additional context on Paints sales in Q1. As you may recall, we had a very good first quarter in the Paints segment in 2014, when total Paints sales were up 10%. This growth was driven by the rollout of Valspar-branded paint at Ace Hardware. And our paint business in China was up more than 30% in the first quarter last year. In the quarter we just completed, we faced those tough comparisons and we also began to see the impact from the previously disclosed adjustment to our product line offering at Lowe's. That being said, our international regions in Paints performed very well. As I mentioned earlier, our overall business in China was strong and our paint business was no exception. Volumes in China were up almost 10% against the extremely strong comparisons in 2014. In the UK and Ireland, the Valspar Paint program has now been set in all 350 B&Q stores. And during the quarter, we began shipping to B&Q from Europe as a result of a recently completed manufacturing agreement. We're excited to be in all stores, and we'll begin our advertising program as we move into the spring. In Australia, we continue to see good growth at both Masters and the Pro channel. At Masters we're benefiting from strong sell through of new products and Master store growth. In our trade business, sales to professional painters were up in the high single-digits in the quarter in local currency, and we continue to grow share in this channel. Into North America, we're looking forward to the first full year with Ace Hardware. In addition of Valspar being Ace's national paint brand, Ace has recently chosen Cabot as their national stain brand. Cabot will now be available in over 1,500 Ace stores starting in the spring. In the North America home improvement channel, we're looking forward to the paint season and growing the Valspar brand of a reset base. We continue to have a very strong product line up at Lowe's that spans price points and categories. At the high end, Valspar Reserve continues to sell very well and in the Pro category, we continue to make inroads. We have an excellent relationship with Lowe's and look forward to continuing the successful growth of the Valspar Paint brand in this channel. So in summary, we're pleased with the solid start and are optimistic about the rest of the year. Our first quarter results once again demonstrates the diversity and strength of our business portfolio. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim to provide more details on the results and outlook.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes, Mike, it's Gary. Good morning. Yes, we had a really strong quarter in general industrial, which followed a good year last year. So we're seeing good growth in our pipe business, our partnership with Maersk in container is proceeding well and that plant in China is up running full time. And we also saw extremely good growth in the construction and off-road segment in China. So China was a pretty significant driver of the really solid results that we saw in general industrial, as well as I mentioned the pipe coatings globally. So we are always – relative to productivity, I mean I can't give you a – I won't you give a specific comment except to say that every one of our product lines and businesses has productivity goals for the year, and there is a whole spectrum of things that they could do to achieve that productivity from restructuring on the one hand through many other activities around Lean Six Sigma. So productivity, we have a saying at Valspar that it's productivity forever and there are many, many things that are aggregated into that catch phrase.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, to the last part of your question, I mean it's a natural question for a customer to ask, given the headline of crude prices that are substantially lower than they were. But I'll say this, in Q1 we saw de minimis raw material benefits. The reason for that is that our raw material basket is not weighted heavily to oil based materials, and in fact only a small portion of our basket is linked directly to oil. We buy complex chemistries that are well down the process and value stream from crude oil. So supply and demand is much more determinant of our raw material cost than the price of crude. Even the relatively small amount of materials linked to crude, there's a lag between the price of crude declining and a price change in the downstream commodity. So that's the past up until now. Looking forward for the balance of the year, we would expect to see a modest benefit if a lower oil price is sustained and the way we're thinking about that is potentially a low single-digit decline in overall basket for the rest of the year.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I don't know Ivan. We have a metric that we track internally, which we call net new business, which is business won by business lost. And in the quarter that number was approaching high single-digits for us. So how much of that is organic growth and how of it is new, it's really hard to tell with thousands of customers. But my guess is, it's maybe 5% of it was new business and 2% was market, something like that.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes. It's a total agreement with a company in mainland Europe, Ivan. And I think we called it out. It's in the low single-digit millions of dollars in terms of freight savings that we'll achieve.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Sure, Duffy, it's Gary. On January 1 of this year a ban went into effect in France. So there are no BPA based coatings on cans being sold in France today. And I'm actually not familiar with what you referenced in terms of someone suing. I hadn't heard that, so I'll just tell you a little bit more about what I do know. What I know is that a fairly significant part of the food and general line market and other segments in Europe have started the conversion to non-BPA coatings. And with respect to beverage, there's been some conversion of beverage containers to non-BPA coatings as well. So I think you may have called it a contagion. I don't know I'd go that far but people are, brand owners are switching their coatings from epoxy-based coatings to non-BPA coatings in a pretty significant way across most of the packaging segments in Europe.
Gary E. Hendrickson: No. No, most of the paint companies are buying as we do. We don't buy inventory. We don't necessarily arbitrage the input costs versus carrying finished goods inventory. So I can't help you on this line of thinking because we just haven't seen it, Bob. Frankly I think it's because, as I mentioned when I answered Mike's question in the beginning is that we're not seeing a ton of change in our raw material basket yet. And I'm not certain that we will, and I think others are probably feeling the same way.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I'm not going to do that PJ. As I said, we're not seeing it yet. So, I would be speculating – to answer that question will be pure speculation on my part. I said earlier that, I think that if we see sustained lower oil price and we're going to see some bleed through into our overall raw material basket in the low-single digits. But that's about as far as I think we can say at this point in time.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, that's interesting because the last time that we saw a decline like this was 2008-2009. And if you did the research, you probably have to model, you saw that margins for most coatings companies were up at that time, yet the interesting thing though is, you actually have to look back a little further than that and see that just prior to that big oil price decline, we had massive inflation in our raw material pricing and most coatings companies were out with pricing. I think the timing was such that pricing was hitting just as the price of oil was declining. And it may have looked to people like the margin expansion was due to a correction price of oil, when in fact that was not true. What was true was that pricing went through and improved coatings margins, at the same time that we randomly saw a reduction in the price of oil. So that's context. To answer your specific question, we would expect – I'll say it again this way, we would expect that if oil pricing remains depressed for a sustained period of time that we're going to see a modest benefit to our overall basket.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I can't say more than that now because we haven't seen, we haven't ever seen a period of time when the oil price stayed low for a long time. Even back in 2008-2009, it was more or less a V-shaped recovery, it dropped from wherever it was to about $40 and then it started climbing pretty rapidly after that.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think TiO2 pricing is probably reached bottom and is pretty stable, and I don't expect any movement one way or another PJ.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, I mean, the only place that they could push back would be B&Q and there was some promotional activity a while ago, but I don't think that we're seeing anything unusual.
Gary E. Hendrickson: In aggregate, I would expect that it would be pretty flat. As I said, those price reductions come around two ways generally through competitive situations, which I would say the competitive dynamic in most of our markets is as it usually is. There's nothing unusual about this year. And for raw material reductions, and as I said, we may see some modest raw material reductions and our customers may ask to participate in that, and in fact, we will have a constructive conversation about what's there.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes, Don, this is Gary. I don't think much has changed in terms of overall demand for containers. But with Maersk, we're up and running and that's a significant factory and it's a big factory, and it's consuming $30 million, $40 million worth of coatings on its own. And one interesting dynamic that's occurred is that the Chinese government has levied a tax on solvent-based materials in some areas where container manufacturers are operating, and we think that's a net benefit for us as our Aquaguard material is a water-based product. So there is a bit of renewed interest from some customers that we are not currently doing business with. They've been trialing our water-based material as a consequence of that solvent tax. So, we're still sanguine about the container industry in the long-term, but it's not robust at the moment.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think, if you went back to – Dmitry, it's Gary. If you went back to our Investor Day when we talked about packaging, we are a global market leader. But we're not the market leader in Europe, and we're not the market leader in Asia and Europe. But we are the market leader in North America, but in those two other markets we're not. And those other two markets combined are much larger than the North America market. So we've got a very long runaway ahead of us, as this non-BPA transition occurs, and frankly as the packaging market continues to grow. Our business, in the quarter, in Asia as an example was up 20%, which is about two times, at least two times the market growth. And that's not a non-BPA market, that's an epoxy market. So we feel good about our packaging business. We've got positive volume growth for 10 quarters in a row, significant volume growth in the last three quarters or four quarters and we expect that to continue for a while.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think most of the growth that we've seen over the last number of quarters, and it's been five quarters or six quarters now at least, we've seen positive volume growth in Australia, Dmitry, has been through Masters. And so, to think about two channels, a retail channel and a paint stores channel, those are our two main channels. And Masters continuous to build stores and we continue to win shelf space at Masters, and which we've been growing there. And then on our stores business, we did a lot of things, two years, three years and four years ago that shrunk the size of our business, but they were the right things to do, to get to the cost structure that we needed and the right store footprint. And we're now starting to see the benefit of the things that we did and we're growing off of that reset base. So, I would – as we said, our stores business was up high single digits this quarter. My guess is that, most of that is market share wins, not market growth.
Gary E. Hendrickson: So, just to size it, Dmitry, that whole segment for us globally is about $125 million to $150 million segment, right. So it's reasonably big, but it's – we're a $4.5 billion company. So you've seen the headlines from our two main customers and they're projecting a pretty weak year ahead. We are going to feel the impact of that. But on the flip side, but they are not our only two customers. And so we're – we've had an initiative going on in China and in Europe post the Inver acquisition to expand our point of view on that whole market segment. And we're achieving some significant success both in China and in Europe, so in the quarter and last year in the face of declining agricultural equipment sales and construction equipment sales we are growing that business. So that's the way we think about it. We think that that team has got to grow through whatever weakness that occurs in that market, and we can do it, because we're not a huge player, $150 million is not significant in the context of a multibillion dollar overall global market.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes. I think, the results we've seen in the quarter are really driven by the expanded point of distribution in the non-exclusive channel. So adding 1,400 new locations is really about building share in that marketplace, less from recent announced changes around the Chinese government supporting the housing sector.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes. I'm not personally close enough to know, but I see nothing material that has shown up in the first quarter results.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, we've got our annual productivity assumptions that are built into our guidance as they always are every year. So we're going to continue to see benefits of some of those productivity restructuring initiatives, as we go on through the balance of the year. As we identify opportunities to improve our cost structure and improve customer service, we'll be happy to look at those future restructuring activities, but embedded in our guidance for this year is no material changes from new restructuring initiatives.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes, well, maybe to back up a little bit from a historical standpoint, talk about the mix of branded and private label just from a context standpoint. You may recall Nils when we introduced the Valspar relationship with Ace, we initially started providing them just private label products in the first – really first three quarters of our relationships. So, we were closer to – we were a 100% private label that point in time, that mix last year shifted dramatically more towards branded as we loaded in the initial product sets for the store. So as we look at this year, our mix is going to be more heavily weighted towards private label than branded, which is always been the plan in the business, and we anticipate that we're going to continue to be able to grow the branded – the branded sales within the portfolio with the partnership with Ace as we grow that business going forward.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Put them together in Q1, we were loading in much more branded product in Q1 last year than we did this year. So it was a negative impact this quarter.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, you correctly point out, that we've got a ways to go to get back to the levels that were available pre-recession, I think, that certainly achieving those levels from an industry standpoint, that would require a level of new housing starts, that we're probably not going to see in the near future anyway. So I think the broader point certainly from the model that supports the investment thesis that we've laid out for our business is that, the North American housing recovery is going to continue to grow modestly and given that we've got a very widely distributed brand in North America through the various channel that we participate we think continues to provide a very nice tailwind of growth for our businesses. So, continued growth in housing in North America is a positive for the business and we look forward to having the Valspar brand available for a full year within the Ace business, and then certainly with our relationship in the home improvement channel with Lowe's, having Valspar reserve available for a full year as well as consumers continue to generate awareness around those brands.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Mike, it's Jim. Just to add on to Gary's comments, from a productivity standpoint, you may recall, we did some restructuring activities last year that were provided as a result of the Inver opportunity. So in the general industrial business, we're able to lower some of our manufacturing cost with those restructuring activities, and that's some of the benefits that we're realizing in the P&L now.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Sure. Well, if you recall back in November, Ivan, we talked about the impact of FX that was embedded in our guidance of roughly 2.5% to 3% for the year. As we look now and we see where rates have gone, that number is probably looking more like 4% to 5%. So as Gary mentioned, we felt it prudent to take down our top-line expectations for the year based on the expected changes in FX, but we're still marching due to the same local currency plans we have for sales in each of our businesses.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yes. Clearly there is a flow through impact to the bottom line as well that we partially factored into our guidance, but we're going to have a little bit more headwinds from that. In the big scheme of things, given the fact that we're only in the first quarter, we've got a lot of business in front of us for the balance of the year. And we've got a $0.20 range in our EPS guidance. We think it's prudent at this point in time just to let the business play out and we'll update our view of the year as we get more business behind us.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: No. the short answer is, no to both of your questions, Bob. I mean, it would be logical if crude pricing – natural gas pricing stays low for a long time, that you would see some projects laid off, but we certainly haven't seen that yet. And with your first question about supply chain, it looks like, most if not, all of our supply chains are behaving the way we would expect them to at this point in the year.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yes. Bob, it's similar to my comments on the Q4 call. It's going to be more in Q2 for the following two reasons. We're going to continue to have the impact of the rollout that we did last year at Ace. We also loaded in some inventory at Ace last year in the second quarter to support promotional activities that they were announcing. And then you may recall we started to load in Valspar Reserve at Lowe's last year in the second quarter. So those two factors combined with the product line of change at Lowe's, we'll see a bigger impact of that in Q2 than we saw in Q1 because the transition was just starting at the end of Q1 on that product line.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Hey Dave, its Jim. What we are focused on obviously is growing the business for the entire year. So we're going to be up against some challenges in Q2 in the Paints segment for the reasons that I just highlighted. So those challenges at this point aren't any greater than what we assumed in our planned guidance for the year. So we're going to have the most pressure on earnings in the second quarter for the top line items I talked about. But we're committed to delivering the year as originally outlined earlier based on what we see in the marketplace so far.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Dave, we don't give quarterly earnings guidance. But what I'm trying to do is give you enough color, to shape your phasing to reflect the outcomes for the full year.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yes. The margin growth in Coatings is really been driven by the favorability of the higher volumes that we're experiencing and also the benefit of the productivity and restructuring initiatives that I talked about earlier. So those initiatives are going to continue, as we move into the year. We'll have a little bit of comparison pressure as we get later in the year, because we made some of those restructuring moves at the end of last year, but you know on balance we continue to feel like we're going to have a very nice run this year in the Coatings business and drive EBIT growth.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: No, no material one-offs, it's really a continuation of the strength we experienced last year and as we highlighted during our prepared remarks, each of our product lines within the Coatings segment contributed to that growth. So I would not call out a specific one-off in that mix.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yes. Well, it's difficult to grow the total volumes in the business, given the change that we talked about in North America. What we're focused on obviously, is continuing to drive the positive growth that we see in our international markets, and we'll have to just play though the rest of paint season in the North American business. But volume growth overall, we're not expecting material volume growth in the Paints segment, as a result of the changes in North America.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yes, Jeff, it's Jim. Just to remind you that the original expectation for the year, when we laid out guidance, we said that the net impact of the changes in the product line at Lowe's, we estimated to be about $150 million to $180 million sales impact to the business. I'm not going to go through kind of the quarter-by-quarter build on that, but as you correctly noted, that transition really just started to happen at the end of Q1 and those product sets are going to start moving into the Lowe's stores. So we did see some impact, but the impact will be much greater in each of the next three quarters as that transition fully takes place.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yes, two things, Don. From a total Paints segment standpoint, biggest impact on price mix is that last year in the first quarter, we were selling in a much higher, richer mix of Valspar branded product at Ace, which has got higher price points. Second piece as you noted is as we have been successful in growing our international business, the price points on those products, especially in China, are lower than our average for the segment, so the combination of the two of those is what drove the negative price mix variance.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yes. Once again, it's Jim. It's early in the year. We took the top line down, just given the changes in FX. And just want to highlight, we're at the end of the first quarter. As we look at the full year and the various puts and takes we see from a business and macro standpoint, our view in total hasn't changed materially. We have enough levers at this point in time in the year to manage within the guidance range we have. And as we get more business behind us and see how all the lines of the P&L perform, we'll be in a better position to judge what the full year impact is going to be.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: I mean anything is possible. But we feel very comfortable with our leadership position in non-BPA coatings. As I said earlier, our market share in Europe as an example was materially higher than it was before the start of the transition. So we feel like we're leading and we're not going to comment on this call specifically about competitors, but the packaging business is a large global segment. And there are others that would like to be in it, and would love to have the position that we have.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yes, Rosemarie, it's Jim. As I mentioned earlier, as we look at total volumes for the year in our Paints segment, given the changes that we've seen in some of the North American businesses, it can be very difficult to grow total volumes significantly. With that said, we continue to expect strong volume growth in Europe, based on the initiatives at B&Q, continued volume growth in our business in Asia, as we expand the points of presence within the non-exclusive retail channel and grow the balance of the wall and room business, and as Gary just mentioned, based on the growth we continue to have from a market share standpoint in Australia. So, we're expecting solid gains internationally to be muted by the impacts in North America.
