John G. Morikis: We've spoken about the commercial side that we feel pretty good about that, Ghansham. The area that we've spoken of having some pressure would be the Protective & Marine business. Particularly in the Protective side here, if you break down the areas that are impacted by the oil and gas, that's probably had no significant impact. We have seen other areas that we've increased our focus on start to pay greater dividend, and we are excited about the results that we are experiencing as a result of those impact, of the actions we are taking.
John G. Morikis: I would say the customer base that we enjoyed relationships with inside their stores organization are feeling pretty bullish about the outlook this year.
John G. Morikis: The big-box environment is always competitive. We expect that our role there is to continue to add value to all of the customers that we serve, and our job is to make sure that we're aligned with their goals and driving customers into their stores. Regarding Infinity, it's our practice to let our customers speak to what their expectations are. We have very high hopes. It's a really terrific quality product in that can, and our expectations would be that's going to be very strong. But, we don't want to get ahead of our customers.
John G. Morikis: Well, we've begun the review process, and when we announced the acquisition, we committed to provide you with updates, and we had material – if we had material news, we really have no material news to update right now. And I think it's only fair to say that, our thoughts are that when there is a material update that we'll provide that, but given the day-by-day or play-by-play will be a bit much. Our thoughts are to keep you up to speed with material actions.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. I'd say it's very similar to what we've always expressed and experienced. We have spoken about those larger projects that typically go to bid and are a little more aggressive in pricing. But outside of that I'd say it's always a competitive market and it continues to be and we continue to try to differentiate ourselves, not only with the quality of the product, but the services that we provide. But, we expect that our competition will be out there and we've got to earn every gallon that we sell.
John G. Morikis: Duffy, our practice has always been to talk to our customers first. So, if we do that it will be – we'll talk to you about it after we've shared that with our customers. I think the band that gross margin chart that we often talk to that demonstrates our ability to operate in that band, I think is where I would point you. In areas or times where we've had significant pressure, we've been out with price increases, and I think it also demonstrates the discipline that we have when there haven't been raw material increases for us, not to go out with price increases. And so, our first effort is to mitigate or drive more efficiency and drive down the costs, anyway we can to avoid having to put price increases in. But if we find ourselves in that situation, I think we've also demonstrated our ability to put those effective price increases into the market.
John G. Morikis: Well, I think demand in our stores clearly improved from fourth quarter to first quarter. How much if any of that was due to the mild weather in the first quarter is really very difficult to determine. I would say this that we're very encouraged about the comments that we are getting from our customers. They're very bullish about the paint season. As I mentioned in my comments that the discussions that we're having with them, they're feeling very good about the market, and that keeps us very excited and focused on growing with them. So it's hard to say how much if any, but most importantly, their outlook for the year is very positive.
John G. Morikis: Right. We don't forecast those gallons specifically, but I would tell you that in speaking with many of our customers around the country, there is a general sense of confidence and a bullishness that is very exciting to us. Many of them are looking at the book of business that they have and are excited about the outlook for the year. So we're going to be very responsive to them and try to ensure that we're the benefactors of that, but our customers are feeling very good, very good.
John G. Morikis: Right. We're working very closely with them on the projects that they're looking out and estimating, and many of them have already booked, and they're feeling, as I said, very positive about the year.
John G. Morikis: Very positive numbers. We're having – in spray equipment, ladders, applicators, across the line we're having a very good performance. It gives us the confidence about the future.
John G. Morikis: Yes. I'd say that it's on both sides of the business, both the residential and the non-res. The confidence in our contractors and the discussions that we have going with them are very positive on both sides.
John G. Morikis: I can certainly talk about our efforts there in Lowe's. We're choosing not to talk about the gallons or forecast or our customer. I think it's only appropriate that we let them speak to those expectations. But that said, our efforts are I think right on track. We have continued to work on training the Lowe's associates and making them familiar with our products. We had a terrific opportunity with the introduction of the Infinity product that you mentioned to get some of the product out into the hands of the Lowe's associates applying some of it, and making them familiar with the product. The process of training them on our entire product line as well as colors continues, and we're feeling pretty good about the momentum that we have there. Our goal is clearly to – and has always been to focus on driving customers into all of our customers, and you're asking specifically about Lowe's, our goal is to drive customers into that department, make sure that the employees there are very familiar with every aspect of our product and our color systems, and we think we're well on our way.
John G. Morikis: Actually our experience in organic growth, if you – in Consumer, we had January and February sales this year with no history from Lowe's. As I mentioned in my opening comments that we are experiencing a good traction in many segments within that business unit. So, we're actually feeling very good about the momentum that that business unit has.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. And I would add to that though, I think it's getting specifically to your question, bringing those high-end products into those stores has been a definite win to those stores in the market and our customers. In many cases, the portfolio of products that they were offering to many of those Comex stores were more focused on the new residential side, less on the DIY side. So, to your point, as we introduce the residential repaint and DIY customers into those stores at the higher end band of our product line, it's certainly helping us as Sean has discussed there.
John G. Morikis: I'd like to just talk about the deemphasizing growth question, and then I'll turn it over to Sean. The answer is no. We're not ever deemphasizing growth. There are some things to your point in the market that we can't control and there are a lot of things that we can control, and we're working very hard on those things that we can control to better position ourselves in the market. I'll turn it over to Sean to answer the rest of your question.
John G. Morikis: We've got a good team up there, dedicated on Canada, Western Canada with the influx of the acquisition of General [Paints] has given us a new platform up there, a lot of competition up there as well. But we're working hard in earning our space there.
John G. Morikis: There's some pretty good programs, Chuck, that we're executing on very well. And I have to hand it to our leadership team there as well as our team in the field. They're doing a terrific job of really by market finding those customers that offer opportunity and really earning their business. And we're proud of that team and expect that it's going to continue, that momentum will continue.
John G. Morikis: Well, we do have some stores that have an annualized and reps. So, we're investing in there because we're feeling very good about the momentum that we have. So, yeah, I'm speaking to the new reps and new stores, but that's a big base. We've got a lot of stores and sales reps that have been out there for some time, and they're really embracing the new programs and initiatives that we have to grow market share as well as introducing our new products to our customers, who are responding favorably.
John G. Morikis: I would just say that we look at the industrial business regularly and we try to find those opportunities that offer us both the – opportunity to move gallons, but also bring solutions to our customers and we've really identified some of those that that we really have some unique technologies too that help provide solutions in getting the assets back in service quicker, to provide protection against various ambient conditions and we have good momentum. Rosemarie, I'd rather not get into any of the specifics of where they are, we'd rather just put the points on the scoreboard right now.
John G. Morikis: I'd say our relationship with them is improving with many of those heavy equipment. The business itself I'd say their outlook, I think they have spoken to us to how their business is performing.
John G. Morikis: But I would say, going back to the comments I made earlier, Scott, that the takeaway that I have, or the confidence that I have revolves around the book of business that these customers are referencing as to going forward. So, to Sean's point, we may have had some that got pushed back, we may have had actually some that got pulled forward, but they are feeling good about what they're looking on the pipe and they're saying, it looks good.
John G. Morikis: Well, it's impacted our business as we've had stores and customers impacted naturally. Texas is a good part of our business. We've a good representation there and good distribution of stores. I don't know right now what the – how to quantify that for the years. There will be some slowdown in the near term, and then there will be a pick up on the other side as repairs are done. So it's hard to say in a year how that will impact us. Obviously, in the very short-term when you have stores closed, Jay, the obvious that those stores being closed will impact it, but on the other side, we'll pick up some business as repairs are done.
John G. Morikis: I don't think – first, we don't know who that company was and that's not something that we would want to comment on without having that information, John.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: No. I think that what we expect is the Paint Stores Group will continue to lead the sales gains for us. I think second quarter is going to be in the same situation we're going to see the Paint Stores Group. I think that the first quarter, many years, we don't even change the guidance after the first quarter because it is the smallest quarter. We did raise the EPS. I think that we'll review it at the end of the second quarter. I think this year, if you remember, I think that Consumer had a very nice first quarter. We'll finalize the load-in -- anniversarying the load-in of the HGTV program, and I think that – so we've got that sort of a headwind a little bit in the second quarter, specifically about the second quarter, but make no mistake about it. I think the Paint Stores Group is where we've – as John said in his comments, I think the Paint Stores Group will lead us in the sales gains each and every quarter.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: On the petroleum-based side, we primarily priced off propylene and chemical-grade propylene has averaged around $0.30 a pound for a while now. Barring no major outages in propylene or monomer production, we anticipate a relatively flat polymer pricing market for over the balance of the year probably. On the titanium dioxide side of the equation, we said on our year-end call that we saw prices kind of flattening, but we didn't see a lot of pressure in supply demand balance. Those fundamentals have pretty much played out as we expected. There is obviously a December price increase announcement that we think may be gaining some traction amongst smaller customers, another price increase announcement has been stacked on top of that. We do believe that it's going to take tight market conditions, or tighter market conditions, for those price increases to gain significant traction. But I think it's safe to assume that we're not going to see further declines in TiO2.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Arun, this is Bob. When we do – when we estimate industry volume, we typically do so in part by listening to the reports of our publicly traded peers, and along with our volume growth, and triangulating to get what we estimate to be the market growth. For one quarter – for first quarter, it's a little too early to tell because we haven't seen enough market data yet, how much the market grew in the first quarter. Going forward, our expectations are based not on any macro assumption for market growth. But as John indicated on the feedback that we're getting from our contractor customers on their order book volume.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: It appears that the industry growth accelerated in the first quarter, but I think it's – ours certainly did, but it's a little too early to make a call on the industry at this point.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: I think the simple answer to that is because they may be getting some price increases justified solely on the poor financial health of the industry. We do not believe the supply demand fundamentals support the increases that are in the market today. But I – at the very least I think it's safe to say that the increases in the market – the announcements that the producers have made have stopped the downward trajectory in TiO2 pricing. We said a few quarters ago that it felt like TiO2 was approaching a bottom and clearly there is a bottom in the market and we think we're there. We would expect flat pricing as probably the best case scenario and whether these price increases gain traction as we go forward, time will tell.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Our TiO2 costs are still down significantly year-over-year because of the downward trajectory over the course of 2015.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: And just as a reminder from previous calls, while it certainly appears that non-residential starts are slowing in late 2015 and early 2016, we are – our business tracks more closely with project completions. So, we're painting project that were started more than a year ago and the pace of starts in 2014 and the first half of 2015 were very healthy. Those are the projects we're on now. And looking forward if you believe the Dodge forecast, non-res starts should be healthy this year and for the next couple of years.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: The entire national account category is doing very well. And John also mentioned industrial MRO customers are up year-over-year.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Greg, this is Bob. We have not changed our outlook for raw materials. As a reminder, to put a little finer point on it, we expected raw materials for the full year to be down low mid-single-digits. So below – less than 5%, but in the mid-single-digit range. That's for the full year. And 1Q was at the high end of the mid-single-digit range, because we're annualizing full year declines from 2015. So, actually most of the savings year-over-year are already locked in based on the history that we're going up against last year. We think the price of many of the raw materials that we've used have stabilized, but the benefit – and so the benefit will diminish as we go through the year, but the benefit is already locked.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Thank you, Jessie. Let me close with two items. The first being, we're frequently asked actual diluted share count outstanding on December 31 – on March 31, it was $92,495,113 for those of you who are still on the line. The second item is a reminder that our annual financial community presentation is scheduled for Thursday, May 26, it's at our headquarters in Cleveland. The program will consist of our customary morning presentation with a question-and-answer session, followed by a reception and lunch with company management. Then in the afternoon, we're going to head down to our Breen Technology Center, which is home to Sherwin-Williams' global architectural paint research and development, where we'll have a showcase for many of our latest technologies in both architectural and industrial products. If you've not yet signed up and would like to attend, registration is still open. Please send me an email at rjwells@sherwin.com and I will reply with a link to our registration site. As always, I'll be available over the next few days to handle any follow-up questions that arise as you digest this morning's call. I'd like to thank you again for joining us today. And thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
Sean P. Hennessy: Bob, this is Sean. I probably should have said that last time I answered, but this is Sean. And when you take a look at how our gross margin was last year, and if you look at the second quarter, third quarter, and fourth quarter, how strong it was, if you think about the way the raw materials were moving last year, we felt that at the beginning of the year was really where we were going to have to make most of our improvement in the gross profit as a percent of sales and the improvement. We were – last year we were at 46% in the first quarter, we jumped all the way to 48.8% and then we got to 49% and then over 50% in the last three quarters. So, we feel good about where our gross margin is. We think that the raws will continue to – the raws goodness will continue to shrink and we're going to hit at length somewhere later in this year where we expect that that will be negligible, so. We felt that we had to have this kind of an improvement in the first quarter to have improvement throughout the year and we feel good about where we are with the gross profit.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yeah. I will just tell you that at the beginning of the year we did have share repurchase. I think, the guidance – when we take a look at – I'll go back to some of the comments John made in his comments. Our plan has changed. Our plan is to accumulate cash. In prior years, we always utilized that cash, our plan was to utilize 100% of the cash. And this if you think about what we're trying to do with the acquisition and acquire and accumulate cash for that closing of the Valspar deal, implies very little cash is going to be used for buybacks and – versus you probably – we're looking at spending another $700 million, $800 million, $900 million on stock. So, it probably was significant. And you can pick what you think the average purchase price would have been for the year.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yeah. And this is Sean and I'll let John talk about the market in total. And I just go back to some of the comments I made earlier about the guidance. I think when you look at the second quarter, we've got other things moving; currency is still going to be a little bit of a headwind. We're going to finally have 100% of the load-in from the HGTV program completed. But, we want to make sure you know that Stores Group is going to be the driver in the second quarter, just like it has been for the last many quarters or so.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yeah. And I think that was what I was trying to imply when the question came up about the gross profit and the incremental profit in the first quarter versus the remainder of the year. Again, we – gross margins in the first quarter was benefited from the paint volume and our North American supply chain and the mix towards paint service group. The raw material deflation was a material factor, and we think that material factor will continue to diminish as we go throughout the year, and I think a lot of – the basket in total, which the oil is part of.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think that's a pretty good thought. The DIY I think was probably strengthened by the change from the second quarter to the first quarter, and the contractor and that period we had a couple of days where it was probably depressed because of the Easter holiday.
Sean P. Hennessy: We feel very good about those stores, and what we said and have said is that, we believe we're going to have a 100% of our purchase price cash and all that would be cash neutral. And actually I think we're going to beat the third quarter. We probably said in the third year anniversary, which would have been this September, we're going to have a 100% of our cash back. We're probably going to be quicker because those stores are doing very well. It's – but now they're fully integrated, and it's hard for us to breakout results, Comex stores and non-Comex stores, but I can tell you, when you look at the markets they're in, they're doing well.
Sean P. Hennessy: And one final point on that Nils. Just keep in mind when you're asking the impact on comps, you're talking about roughly 275 stores on a base of 4,100. So it's not really that significant.
Sean P. Hennessy: So, back to the – one of the parts you asked about the raw material cost and the cost of goods sold going up in Latin America, it's 100% currency and I'll tell you why. The Global Finishes Group is doing a great job looking for efficiencies and we're doing fine there on the conversion cost. But, Latin America buys the majority of its raw materials in U.S. currency and dollar denominated, and when you look at it, the currencies devaluation has the same effect on the raw materials as inflation. So the raw materials really are negatively affected by that currency. When you ask about in total what are you thinking about on the conditions down there. We don't expect to see improved economic conditions in the region in 2016. I think we've been consistent with this for a long time. I mean, we think that applies to currency and volume demand. We're starting to see currencies change a little positively. The Brazilian real went from about R$4.10, we thought it could get close to R$4.25, now it's down in the R$3.50, R$3.60. But in U.S. dollars, are very close to the breakeven levels. And so, our plan for 2016 calls for this segment to report a profit, but lot is done outside the realm of possibilities, and there's a risk of negative results for one or two more quarters just like the first quarter.
Sean P. Hennessy: I can tell you exactly. I think that – just give me a second here, Dmitry. I thought I had it right here. All right, yeah. It was – it's very small, it was just over $4 million, three-tenths of a percent of sales, but...
Sean P. Hennessy: So we're pretty happy the way Canada is going, Bob in his remarks, so Canada is coming on for us pretty good.
Sean P. Hennessy: You know, Chuck, when you look at it, just want you to know we haven't really had a price increase in Paint Stores Group since 2014. So the price did not help us at all. The deterioration of what was happening to us last year because of the Protective & Marine, John's comments earlier told you, we didn't have as much of a headwind there. But it was just solid volume growth there.
Sean P. Hennessy: We believe, I think we believe if you take a look at it, I think we'll know later in the year. Bob mentioned when some of the other public companies may – we'll get there and look at their results, but we feel pretty good about the way that Paint Stores Group has developed with the products, the distribution and people. We feel pretty good that we're taking market share.
Sean P. Hennessy: Give me a second, I got it right here. Paint Stores Group was up $122 million. Consumer was up $15 million. Global Finishes was up $5.2 million and Latin America was actually negative $12.7 million.
Sean P. Hennessy: Actually, we had an accrual for the Passaic River, it was specifically the Passaic River, there was, I think, negotiations going on between the EPA and the consortium of companies that will be involved in the clean-up. We're a very, very, very small piece, and there was a major change in what the clean-up on the Passaic River is going to be. So even though we're less than 5% player in this Passaic River, all of a sudden we have increased our accrual by $17 million. So you could imagine the total cost went up dramatically. And so the plan is now in place and we'll start doing it, and we believe we have the majority of the expense for the Passaic River now covered.
Sean P. Hennessy: Right. I think that we do not plan on issuing debt before the close. We've put our bridge in place. We've put a term loan in place; so our acquisition financing is in place. The first quarter, you see the expense was really more involved with the bridge financing. But the second quarter and beyond, we're going to have the term loan in there also. So that's why acquisition financing is in place. What we have done is put some interest rate swaps, I mean treasury rate locks and so, in the Q, you're going to see that we've entered into a series of treasury rate locks on a confined notion amounts of $1.7 billion. We will go higher than that. So we have taken some of these interest rate changes risk off the table and throughout the year depending on the say, you'll see us take some more off the table.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think that we should have a slight positive, we will be positive in the second quarter. I think for full the year, I think that we – your characterization of flat to – we in that area, I think that after the second quarter, after we see some raw materials I think we can give you a better picture on what we think the gross margins, we'll narrow it down. But, I think, your characterization of the full year is probably pretty good.
Sean P. Hennessy: Exterior had – I mean we had a good interior and we had a very good exterior. So, exterior were strong.
Sean P. Hennessy: We've been talking about this and it's interesting. You go back to after last second quarter last year, if you remember, because of the weather in the second quarter and so forth and we saw a really nice comp gain in the fourth quarter, and people talked about the weather there, this quarter, you've heard different customers say that they had the opportunity to catch up and including builder. So, we're sort of interested in that situation. I think the second quarter is going to draw – give us a complete vision of that.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think, first of all, you know the comp stores are the Paint Stores Group that we don't report any type of comp metric for the Global Finishes Group. I think that again we feel very good about, operationally, what we're doing there. I think that what helps there, and I think it goes back to John's comments, we've – if you compare it to the Latin America group, our volume has been good. When you look at the total, the volume has been good, and so when we get volume, we get the opportunity to basically increase that margin. So, I would say it's not going to be – we definitely and we've talked about over the years, we need some more market share in the Global Finishes Group to really get it kicked and going, but because of the volume gains, they've been able to get margin improvement.
Sean P. Hennessy: When you put everything together, the February 29, was there, but we also had Easter and we – going back there was an extra day, but Good Friday, just because of the way things are, never, never that week is Friday is never the same as a normal Friday. So moving that Good Friday into the first quarter here is why I answered the question earlier. Yeah, we got a day, but it just felt like it was negated by the Easter move.
