Gary E. Hendrickson: Thank you, Lori. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us on the call. We had a good quarter. Our 31% increase in earnings per share was a result of excellent execution on a number key initiative. First and most importantly for the long-term, we continued investing in our businesses which is resulting in further market share gains. And the incremental margins on this new business are very strong. This can be seen in the improved EBIT margins on our coating segment. In paints our China business had a good quarter, with much of the growth coming from products aimed at the affordable housing market, which is being supported by the Chinese government. In North America, we saw extremely strong sell through in our exterior and paint product lines. Overall, Paint segment growth was tempered somewhat by a weak residential housing market in Australia and a year-over-year inventory production in the North America home improvement channel. These challenges notwithstanding, we’re pleased with the quarter in paints. Secondly, we managed our cost structure extremely well, both in terms of raw material cost and price, and in terms of productivity and expense management. We also saw the benefits of our 2011 restructuring actions including, as Lori mentioned, the planned exit of some high volume but unprofitable products and customers in our Coating segment. This combination of profitable growth and excellent cost management led to a year-over-year improvement in company’s EBIT margin of 210 basis points. What we’ve had to the rest of the year, we’re expecting a trend of sequential volume improvement that we experienced this quarter to continue both in coatings and paints. The volume growth that we expect in Coating segment will be a combination of new business wins and gradually improving industrial markets in the U.S. In our Paint segment, we expect our China business will continue to grow through expanding distribution of both Warren and Valspar paint brands. In the U.S., our new Love Your Color Guarantee marketing campaign is showing early signs of success and we expect the North America paint market to be improved over the last year. And finally in Australia, our profitability improvement plan is on track. As Lori mentioned, we raised our full-year guidance to $3.20 to $3.30 per share from $2.92 to $3.12. The assumptions behind this increase or as I just outlined. Further volume growth combined with continued execution of our productivity and cost management initiatives. So with those comments, Lori and I were happy to take your questions.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Okay. Well, I think we saw a pull forward of demand too PJ in our exterior and professional product lines. As Lori mentioned, those product lines were up 30% year-over-year. Those are the product lines that are used mainly by professional contractors and so I think because of the warm weather, we saw more exterior painting happening in the year, and we saw more of that work being done by professionals. Let me come back to that point in a second and I’ll sort of take you around the world in our Coating segment.
Gary E. Hendrickson: In our Paint segment sorry. So in North America, our sales were up slightly if you exclude the inventory in fact that we talk about, our sales in North America would have been up mid to high-single-digits. In China our sales were up double digits, in Australia, our sales were down high single digits because as Lori mentioned of the funding loss last year and a weak residential market. As I said the exterior paints sold and professional lines sold really well up 30% but this is a relatively small portion of our mix, our mix is roughly 80% interior, 20% exterior. Our professional mix is roughly the same about is inverse to that, 20% professional to 25% professional and 75% [DIY]. So part of the explanation maybe that we saw a more professional work being done on the exterior homes because of the warm weather which is what you’d expect. And our mix doesn’t, isn’t ideal for that
Gary E. Hendrickson: This year our marketing is as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the Valspar love your color guarantee, which is a color assurance program that we are offering to consumers. So if a consumer comes in and buys paint at Lowe’s our independent channel, takes it home and paints their wall and are unhappy with their color, they can go back to the retailer and buy up to two additional gallons. And hopefully get the color that they want and Valspar will rebate them for the second couple of gallons. This, so we're four weeks into it PJ and the initial results are really strong. For us it’s both a strategy to bring consumers into our retailers, but it’s also a strategy to sell consumers up to our best paint. So we should see as the year goes on, both incremental sales and incremental margin from this.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Relative to market share gains and losses, I mean, I don’t think that was if it happened it was on the margins and certainly not relevant to our overall results.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, we’ve done a lot of work in the Coating segment, Ivan, to get the margins to where they are, it’s not only about price costs but it is about, it’s about some of things that Lori mentioned earlier a fair amount of restructuring in our coatings product lines. There is a fair amount of new business in our coating products lines and those are, that new business is coming in at a very strong incremental margins. We exited some very low profit and unprofitable business, last year which is helping also, and then there is cost price, which is in many of the product lines and coatings we have almost right at this point. We still have a little bit of work to do and some of them we are experiencing inflation. But I think your point, it is about sustainability of those margins, and I think where we’re running right now is healthy, we’ll just have to see in the short-term how the raw material dynamics play out, if we see inflation in the back half of the year, they might decline a little bit, but if we see benign inflation then I think we are in pretty good shape.Ivan Marcuse – Keybanc Capital Markets: Great, and then there is a quick question probably for Lori, is what would you expect the, sort of (inaudible) I’m might have missed it, your corporate line or the other how you reported what is your expectation for the full year.
Gary E. Hendrickson: One, the largest one is the exit of last year, during our restructuring of a fair amount of unprofitable business, higher volume but unprofitable business in several of our product lines within coatings that amounted to low single digits, decreases in volume on a year-over-year basis. We also saw a little bit of weakness in our packing business this quarter, continuation of what we saw in the first quarter. The food markets in both Europe and particularly in the U.S. where we have a very high share in the food business are weak, beverage is still a little bit weak and in North America and in the quarter we saw the impact of a little bit of business that we lost last year in Europe, low margin sort of commodity business in packaging that we lost in a competitive bid. So those are drivers. It’s the business that we exited. It’s some weakness in packaging and it was one last piece of business with one customer in Europe.
Gary E. Hendrickson: The last part of your question Dmitry as we’re doing really well that against the plan that we put together in fact we’re ahead of the plan on improving the profitability of the business, that’s through the restructuring actions that we’ve taken as through comprising that we put into the market. And it’s through rationalization of the Wattyl store network. We have fewer stores today than when we started all of them profitable, so we exited some unprofitable stores last year. So, if you’re talking about Wattyl stores, they’re actually fewer today not more but if you’re talking about master stores, which is the lowest JV then that’s the really good story. I think as you know we want about 70% of the shelf space in the master stores with our Wattyl brands and they’re rolling out on more or less the schedule that they advertised. I think there are 11 stores open today those stores are doing really well in terms of paint stores. I believe their plan is to have about 25 open at the end of the year, so that’s a nice source of growth for us in that market notwithstanding a very weak growth residential housing market.
Gary E. Hendrickson: At this point of time it’s 90 plus percent in company-owned stores, Dmitry. So we have about 90 to 100, I don’t know the exact number of how much company-owned stores. There are 11 Wattyl stores opened and our company-owned stores tend to do more business than we are doing in the Walmart stores today.
Gary E. Hendrickson: It’s a combination of a couple of things. One if we do have more stores today than we did at the start of the year, I think we’ve got 2,700 stores open today versus this 2,500 six months ago. So that’s we continue to penetrate in the tier two and tier three cities. And I did mention that we have a new Warren product that we are putting both through the war and distribution, which is inclusive distribution to Valspar and our distributors are putting it through nonexclusive distribution. And this is a product that’s an affordable product targeted towards the low to low income housing and that the government is supporting. And so we had a little bit of an inventory built in the quarter as our distributors purchased that from us. But the good news is that the product is selling through and our distributors are reordering. So we’re pretty optimistic that we did the right thing there. You might recall that what we’ve been talking about this for a couple of quarters that our focus was on the affordable housing market because that’s the segment that’s being supported by the China government. This product is an outcome of the strategy that we’ve developed to participate in that.
Gary E. Hendrickson: It’s been a funny season, exterior comps as I talked about, and POS has been fantastic we sell through about like 30% across both of the main channels that we sell in. But I wouldn’t say that they’ve accelerated except in last four months or last four weeks, where we’ve seen very strong sales of our top products in that channel. I think that might be because of the marketing that we’re doing, but I don’t see the comps of the other paint companies, so I can’t say whether the whole market is performing that way or whether it’s just goes for
Gary E. Hendrickson: Bob this is the first quarter in a long time that I can say our wood business performed really well. So I don’t know if that’s a leading indictor or not, but on a year-over-year basis volumes where pretty much flat. The wood business was one of the businesses where we did exit some profitable customers and products last year. And as I said volume was basically flat and sales were up high single-digits. So and I would say that, the folks in that business are more optimistic today than they have been in a long time.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, they were unprofitable for us. I don’t know that they were necessarily our cost structure but the end markets that we were selling into were pretty challenged. And when you’re selling the customers that are not making money, you’re typically not going to have very good margins. So I’ll tell you what they were and we’re happy to talk about it. We were in the mirror coatings business and we use to sell a product which is pretty high volume product called a silver solution, which is part of the process that mere manufacturers use that contains silver and we were doing a pass through on the silvering solution, sometimes we’ve got it right, sometimes we didn’t more times than not we got it wrong and we were losing money on it. So we got out of that business, some of the wood products that that the wood products industry in North American in particular is pretty challenging from profitability standpoint, so we exited some there. We exited some Wattyl business that industrial business that Wattyl had in Australia that was losing money and we exited some, some of our businesses in China that we’re losing money as well. I say businesses, I actually mean products and customers not businesses per se. So it was kind of across the board, when we were going through our restructuring last year, we look at all aspect of the business and make some decisions about customers and products that where we didn’t think we could ever be competitive at least not in the short to medium terms, so we left them.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah, you’re right and the first part of your question was, when do we anniversary some of the decisions that we made last year, and that will happen not in the third quarter, but in the fourth quarter of the year. But we and you are also right saw that last year we had a very strong first half of last year and a relatively weak second half of last year. So as we move through the year, our comps get easier in the second half of the year, and we think our volumes will be up.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Sequentially it will be higher than it was, and we should close that gap in the third quarter, that what we are planning for.
Gary E. Hendrickson: They were down, they were up, let me just take this all for a second, they were up in China or Asia generally they were up in Latin America. They were down mid single digits in North America and a little bit more than that Europe, and we anniversary that in the fourth quarter.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Let me see, they where, but I don’t know the exact number Don. As I said for the last sort of thing, but close attention in the last four weeks or so since we’ve started our marketing campaign, and they have been the sell through has been very good in the last four weeks.Don Carson – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLP: So, it’s your sense that the paint market is recovering here or it’s just been largely this exterior pull forward because of weather.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Right, if I had to hazard an opinion, I would say that the paint market this year will be stronger than it was last year.Don Carson – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLP: Okay, and what was it exactly that drove the inventory drawdown was just your customer wanting to have lower inventories? Or what gives you confidence, that this was a one time event.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, no they’ve got a stated policy of driving inventory productivity throughout the store, not only in the paint department and this was just an outcome of their productivity initiatives.Don Carson – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLP: Okay. And then switching to coatings, can you talk a bit about what kind of demand growth you saw on ag and construction equipment, and the general industrial coatings. And then also talk a bit about your new initiatives in pipeline and seaborne containers, how much volumes were up there.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah, I think the overall market, I’m not talking about our business, but I think the overall market is pretty much flat.Don Carson – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLP: All right, okay. Thank you.
Gary E. Hendrickson: It just depends on we're playing catch up in one channel in paints. We’re in pretty good shape and many of our product lines and coatings, but in some of those coatings product lines we need more pricing.Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp: Okay.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah, it's both of them, it was, I mean, it settled down relative to market expectations, but it’s still up versus last year. So it owes to propylene and its impact on the derivative products and the TiO2 suppliers are still out looking for pricing. So, we've kind of got that both into our forecast.
Gary E. Hendrickson: No I don’t think there is any, any exogenous event and we’ve had a fairly weak food can market in North America and Europe now for a while, last year it was weak, this year is shaping up to be weak. Although we won’t know about the food can market until later in the year, when crops are harvested and packed but in North America beverage canned shipments were down about 5% last year.
Gary E. Hendrickson: That is function of a number of retail factors that aren’t certainly not something our customers or we can control.
Gary E. Hendrickson: The last part of the question is yes, we are investing in our plants to supply that business, but it is a modest investment, very modest investment and it’s captured within our full year CapEx budget of $90 million, but we’re taking market share in that business I mean that’s just that simple. The overall industry is growing because infrastructure transmission of energy and water it is more or less a megatrend, but we’re relatively new entrant and that we’ve really only been selling into that market for a couple of years and so everything that we do right now we consider market share gains.
Gary E. Hendrickson: That’s a complicated question. How about if we, if you want to answer, the good answer to that question we should put you in touch with someone who can help you with that.Rosemarie Morbelli – Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay…
Gary E. Hendrickson: I’m not a chemist.Rosemarie Morbelli – Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Neither am I, but I was looking for kind of the run-of-the-mill type of…
Gary E. Hendrickson: Let just say it’s different, it’s different in color, so there is some applications which are very color sensitive that it can’t be used for because standards have been established for those colors.Rosemarie Morbelli – Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay.
Gary E. Hendrickson: And those standards might need to change, but it is the product coming out of China today is very good, much improved over a couple of years ago.Rosemarie Morbelli – Gabelli & Company, Inc.: All right, that’s good to hear. And in your projection for the year, what kind of weakness that you anticipate in Europe, I mean, you are looking at more widely spread type of recession, are you still only looking at Southern Europe having issues and using that front for example is not going to file a suite.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think the best answer to that is to refer you to what our customers are saying about beverage can demand in Europe. And our customers are saying that beverage canned demand in Europe this year will up mid-single digits.Rosemarie Morbelli – Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Up, you said.
Gary E. Hendrickson: As I said John, they’ve been working hard on inventory productivity and that was the reason for. It was mostly on interior products, not exterior products. So I think the key question is, are you missing sales and the answer I would say is no, because we did have a very strong exterior and professional quarter. And so those products were fully supplied is productivity that’s all I can say.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Okay, well thanks everyone for joining the call today. As I said we’re pleased with our quarter thus far employees are executing well on our initiatives around growth and productivity and as we look ahead we expect to continue to grow our volumes and we’re confident in our guidance of $3.20 to $3.30 per share. So I thank you again for joining the call and we look forward to updating you on our third quarter conference call in August.
Lori A. Walker: No that would be what the loss would be. So I think last year it was roughly flat and then it was down pretty substantially in the fourth quarter.Ivan Marcuse – Keybanc Capital Markets: Right.
Lori A. Walker: So you would expect it to be hit. It will be a cost, roughly in that 8% to 10% range.Ivan Marcuse – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Lori A. Walker: Actually Jeff to answer your question is more to the latter in terms of higher profitability and low tax jurisdiction. But that 30% to 31% guidance is actually been consistent, that’s been our guidance for the whole year in terms of our cap rate, so there isn’t really anything different. So that’s not what’s contributing to our increased guidance for the year.
Lori A. Walker: Pretty much there’s a number of places outside the U.S. So in Europe there are places outside of the U.S. more business in China that’s profitable and that those are the two primary areas.
Lori A. Walker: No I said negative 8% to 10%. So that’s going to run what somewhere in that call it $7 million to $9 million something like that.
Lori A. Walker: No, that’s we are coming on that before we, the forecast for the year would be $68 million to $69 million for interest expense. And it will be pretty evenly split in the third and the fourth quarter.Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp: Okay. That’s great. Thanks for further questions.
Lori A. Walker: Well, typically what we’ve said is, you know, at the end of last quarter we were talking about roughly 85%, 90% recovered. And I would say we made a little bit more progress on that in the second quarter.
Lori A. Walker: Well, Nils just to clarify, we had talked when we had initiated our 2011 restructuring actions that we would incur somewhere around 35 tons of costs, which we still have a little bit more of that incur here in the third quarter. And now we would have roughly something like $0.12 to $0.14 in terms of annualized improvements. So, to answer your question we are seen that come through our results, and I did dealt into our year-end guidance, the benefits from the restructuring, some of that well about start to anniversary here in the upcoming quarters.
