Bob Wells: John, this is Bob. We think that there could be some benefit in the petrochemical side of the basket maybe as much as we saw in 2015. We think that, we saw a pretty big move in TiO2 in 2015 and we’re unlikely to see that figure move in 2016. So mid-single-digit I think is a reasonable outlook for the industry. And well as we usually develop a catch as we go through the year.
Bob Wells: Yes. Mig, this is Bob. We have very few data sources to go to help us with estimates of industry volume. The American Coating Association models industry volume over the course of year. They currently stand at an estimate of 5.5% growth for 2015, we think they are a little high. We were thinking more in the 3% to 3.5% range but as we collect more data, year-end data, we'll kind of fine-tune that outlook but I think it's likely the industry will end up in the 3% to 3.5% range.
Bob Wells: It could be a little stronger than that. It depends on the weather patterns relative to last year, but that's not a bad range.
Bob Wells: If you took a look at the guidance we gave at the beginning of 2015 about a year ago we gave you $0.20 and $10.90 to $11.10. I think we’ve changed this spend many, many times. Back in 2009 we gave you a guidance range of $1. I think there’s been a lot of moving parts but I think that we feel confident that we’re able to – whether it happens, adjust to different things I would think we’re going to be able to get that kind of improvement.
Bob Wells: Yes. I think that when we take a look at it the full year was about 32.1%. I think it’s going to be approximately right around that number to maybe - if it comes in at 31.5% or 32.5% I wouldn’t be surprised.
Bob Wells: Yes. We do. just think about how the Brazilian real, even the Canadian dollar we are talking about before we definitely have a foreign currency. Foreign currency when you take a look at 2015 was much higher than we originally expected because I think everybody knows how the currencies are going and we thought it was prudent we definitely have foreign currency headwind in there.
Bob Wells: We don’t break that out. Because there are so many different currencies and so forth but it’s significant.
Bob Wells: I will tell you that, when we look at our guidance I think the fourth quarter is pretty interesting. Total we were at 1.4% sales gain, Store Group was 5.9% so four times what we thought that we are going to be at. I think that currency other things, I think that, we don’t break out our guidance by segment but I think that to give you some indication that tells you where we think the growth is going to be
Bob Wells: Yes. Arun, and this is Bob. We do expect to continue to see benefit from raw materials and we’ve commented that on the oil side it does take longer for a drop in propylene and ethylene to work its way through the acrylic chain and actually get to market. So there’s probably more tailwind on that side of the basket in the year to come than there is on the TiO2 side. TiO2 took a pretty sharp drop in the back half of last year. We’ll see that obviously the benefit of that in the first half of this year but TiO2 is approaching kind of its historic starting place of $100 pound on the spot market. So we don’t necessarily see a lot of further runway for TiO2 to decline.
Bob Wells: I think we’ve been pretty consistent with our cash utilization and I think that we feel pretty good about the cash generation of the Company. I think we’ve been consistently generating cash and strong cash over the last 15 or so years and I’m going back to when we took, we’re put into these jobs. I think you’re going to see us continue to invest in the business in CapEx in new stores and so forth. I think that we’re going to pay out dividends. You heard the dividend going over $3.30. And then, when we look at acquisitions and we’re going to look at buying back stock and I would tell you I’d be surprised if we were holding cash at the end of next year.
Bob Wells: On the raw material question, Greg. We said that for the full year over 2014 raw materials would be down in the mid-single digits. In the back half we mentioned the fact it was trending a little higher than that or at the high-end of mid-single digits just due to the trajectory of materials over the course of the year.
Bob Wells: We definitely have in our guidance some buybacks. We did not have any cash were not holding any cash in our guidance for the end of the year.
Bob Wells: The other issue to keep in mind on the non-res new side is that there is a long lag between starts and paints in that market so starts were strong in 2014 and just down slightly in 2015 so that bodes pretty well for painting on new construction new nonresidential construction in 2016.
Bob Wells: The other thing I would point out, we didn’t commented on over the last couple of years we’ve done very well with international accounts since the recession as a consolidated supplier base we are the only paint supplier that has a truly national footprint of contractor friendly outlets so that helped us a lot in that arena.
Bob Wells: The teams are doing a really nice job as Sean mentioned in some of those investments might be on our billing line or something like that but we’ve got a team that’s got a mindset of continuous improvement and they are working hard to capture additional capacity.
Bob Wells: Let me start with your question on the – on our product paint seal it's exciting new technology for us. It's the first EPA registered paint that kills 99% of these five specific infection causing bacteria that have been exposed for two hours and there's nothing like it in the market, nothing. And so we're excited about it. It actually lands and it begins to sell in our stores beginning February 1. So you are right. It is little bit early. We just finished up our sales meetings with our team where we've done some extensive training with our team on the product and we're really looking forward to it. We did launch it last year and the feedback from the medical community has just been outstanding. It's just terrific. We’re very excited about it. So we're looking forward to a good year with the product.
Bob Wells: We’re not in a position to talk to anything like new categories or new products. I think that’s important that we respect our customer’s position and anything that they might be launching we think should be coming from them.
Bob Wells: I think that it's going to be smaller than it was this year, but it still will be somewhat of a drag.
Bob Wells: Yes, I think that one of the first thing and as John said that you won’t repeat it. We usually did not talk about weather, but weather did impact that second and third and I believe the fourth quarter. We had some nice weather and I think that homebuilders have said that they caught up more than they thought they were going to in the fourth quarter and I think that's probably a very accurate statement. And I think that we're not expecting, we probably expecting a little more normal in that area. I would say that's probably the big driver. The second one is probably the labor and how the labor was working and I think John's comment earlier that our customers seem to feel that they are in a better situation with labor going into 2016 than 2015.
Bob Wells: I will just tell you right now, Demetri, you are right. We don’t break this out. We didn't see that dramatic of the difference between the fourth quarter and the other quarters in the year. By country, you saw different things go back and forth. I would say it was the dramatic change in the Brazilian real and some of these things that hit us harder than what we thought they were going to be in the fourth quarter. And when you sit there and take a look at that we have to get some price back, back to the comments about where we are. So I think things are from when you sit down and look at that gallon number and the sales number, I think it had more to do with FX than it did for business.
Bob Wells: Yes, I like to make sure. We’re very clear on that. The consistent for our product to our customers, we describe at this way, the closer than close enough for our customers. So we have had the opportunity to formulate for robustness that might modify the amount of Ti02 but the quality of our product is something that we will never ever put at risk. I mean the customers that come to buy our products are expecting a consistent product. Ti02 is a important part of that and the formulations that we've been able to help maximize the productivity by formulations is not at the cost of just simply removing Ti02 and having product that's going to perform differently.
Bob Wells: Well, I was going to say were starting to feel it in areas and yet construction in Texas in many parts of the states are still hanging on so it's a bit of a mixed bag. It offers opportunities. We are seeking them out.
Bob Wells: When you take a look for us and I'll go to the store side the store side it's 85% painting contractors. The retail side is pretty – when you segment the retail you’ll look at the people that we're selling in our retail stores I think we have probably not felt that it as strong as probably others. On the Lowe's side as I mentioned to a prior question is result incremental for us. We probably have a better picture down the road for you but I don't think we should be – I don’t think we are the indicator for you.
Bob Wells: We also have finish in their. We have some other businesses but I don't know if we want to cut it down to that kind of segment inside that Global Finishes Group.
Bob Wells: Thanks again, Jessy. I'll conclude the call this morning by asking you to save the date of Thursday, May 26 on your calendars. That's the day we'll host our annual financial community presentation at our headquarters in Cleveland. The program will consist of our customary mourning presentations by management with a Q&A session followed by reception and lunch and then will also be some special program options offered in the afternoon to help commemorate our 150th year history. Again that date is Thursday, May 26 and we will be sending out invitations and related information and a link to our registration website in late March. So please watch your e-mail. As usual I'll be available over the balance of the day in the coming days to answer any remaining questions. Thanks for joining us today and thank you for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
John Morikis: Yes. I think there’s about average for us. Will adjust that as we go but I think that’s about where we want to run.
John Morikis: Yes. I don't think there is a strategy shift at all. I think lessons learned include the importance of being very responsive obviously to our customers. Really working well with associates in the aisles and helping them to be successful and knowledgeable in our products. So I think we've got a very good strategy there. I think we've got a very good relationship there and I think we're working very hard to be the best customer there as we do with all of our customers. 
John Morikis: As I mentioned, we are working closely with all levels of Lowe’s, and we’re feeling good about the momentum as I mentioned. I think it’s a matter of execution now and as I said we’re going to focus on being the best partner we can for them and every customer that we have.
John Morikis: Let me be clear 5000 is not our target, it’s a milestone. And I often say that – I refer to it because it’s between 4000 and our next number 6000 and so we’re going to stop at 5000 on the way. We don’t see a saturation point. We continue to add stores each of our district managers maintain a real estate strategy and a plan to continue to invest in their stores and there’s not a one of them that is raised their hand to say that the and really see no additional markets that they can add to. It’s our expectations that we’re going to continue to invest in those markets and continue to penetrate the opportunities in those markets and we are excited about that.
John Morikis: We are obviously looking at the West Coast. We shared with the community here that we look at households per paint store and we see a terrific opportunity in the West area of the country and again we remain very confident in this model. This model in our ability to grow market share and to grow our operating leverage as we grow that incremental volume that gives us that confidence.
John Morikis: No, I think when you look at it way you just guided us to I think the first quarter, I just want to remind you in Consumer Group because of the HGTV expenses if you remember the SG&A expenses – we had a jump in the first quarter and we pointed out last year that that was going to be 100% SG&A, zero sales. So I think this year we’re going to have relatively close to the same amount of SG&A but some sales going against it so. I think that helped us. I think if you look over two years I think the first quarter would look more normal to you and would probably look more like the other three quarters we have in the guidance.
John Morikis: That’s improved to some degree. It’s hard to put your fingers exactly on that but I’d say in the market I think it’s gotten a little better.
John Morikis: I think there’s a little difference everywhere. I think that two years ago we were really nervous about putting money down in Argentina. And when you think about the exchange rate now with 13 times you look at Chile now they’ve changed their government out, so we feel okay investing in Chile. Recovery long-term we still feel good about Brazil but we’re watching both of those governments and seeing what happens with some of the policies down there. If the right opportunity would appear we would actually buy it. I think that we still are looking at the long-term, but I think on the marginal investments we’ve been very careful on what we’re going to spend down there. When I say marginal I’m not talking about distribution, or manufacturing, or marketing. I think more on the admin side, system sides those kinds of sides how much working capital will allow it to grow and so forth. We’re watching it. We feel good about that. We’re still cash positive each and every country and that really helps us stay the course. But, we think eventually it might be a while it was interesting we were going through what we went through in the late 80s and early 90s when we actually had to do inflationary accounting in South America which I had to look at some of the rules like it had been so long. We take a look at this spot and we’re watching these things but we’re being careful on the margins.
John Morikis: Okay, we don’t break it by region but I could say directionally as you would expect the oil and gas market there has experience the pressure that one would expect. We are growing in the market our acquisitions of the brand that came along with Comex general paint are in the process of integrating that in and we’re really excited about the momentum we’re gaining up there. On the architectural side we are continuing to grow the Protective and Marine side we continue to see some pressure.
John Morikis: But we do see to your point the issue of Protective and Marine we expect that pressure is going to continue for the foreseeable future.
John Morikis: Team there has done a really nice job of streamlining the noncustomer facing functions and give their team a lot of credit for continuing to focus on that.
John Morikis: Who we do sort out the – we are continuing to invest in the store transitions over team Sherwin so Sean’s point largely on the supply chain side I think that team did a terrific job and we’ve clearly moved some of that up from what we have expected to see in 2016 into 2015. And we were successful also on the store side but there’s still some work to do on the store side and that’s what we are working on here as we roll into 2016.
John Morikis: Well, we’ve not announced the price increase and Chuck as you know many years of falling us our first communication is to our customers and then we would quickly update you as quickly as we can but right now we’ve not announced anything.
John Morikis: I think Chuck. You’ve seen a lot of projects. It’s seems like people are still investing, the markets are open. The interest rates are low but we’re watching the starts and so forth. I think it really comes down to if they can utilize these assets they are investing in them.
John Morikis: Much like we did with every past acquisition that we’ve done with every past acquisition we look at the customer base and the customer dictates to us the pace in which we move the Sherwin-Williams brand is the ultimate brand that we end up with. Some of these products then end up a sub brand inside our Sherwin-Williams stores. We are able to leverage the advertising and the communications that we have that promote the Sherwin-Williams brand once they become a Sherwin-Williams banner store. And so we move in that direction but we move at the pace that we are able to get through the tunnel and in short when we get to the other side that we have our customers with us. 
John Morikis: Rosemarie, this is John. Because I was trying to make the point that John came back and said that on the operational side, on the admin side, on the systems side, the integration of raw materials and so forth. I would tell you we've completed that. Where the pieces that haven't been completed is what John said about the general paints and different pieces there. But inside United States, I would say all the operational and the reason I said bottom of the eighth is to referred that some of the incremental gains we expected were brought forward into 2015 and that's what I was referring to is the EPS gains. 
John Morikis: I would say yes because 100% of the architectural paint we've sold to Lowe's last year was incremental. So and the other reason at our core we – that's definitely was 100% incremental this year. Last year in 2015 and 2016 will not be.
John Morikis: Yes, Rosemarie. We often comment that these pricing cycles in Ti02 typically begin with pricing below $1 a pound. Oftentimes peak above $2 a pound and then settle back on the back end of the cycle below $1 a point again. We're hovering just above $1 a pound. And we realize that there's been price increase announcements in the market. Ultimately, the balance of supply and demand in the market will determine whether those increases our successful and we'll see, but it feels like we are approaching the bottom on the downside of this cycle.
John Morikis: I think it's too early. It really depends on demand growth. Demand growth outside of North America has been very weak.
John Morikis: Yes, I would say that the one area that we clearly felt an impact, Dmitry was in that oil and gas and mining operations. We have a very good presence there and there's a lot of pressure there.
John Morikis: Yes, because if you think only about fourth quarter, gross margin it really came down to two things. Gross margin in SG&A and gross margin definitely had the larger impact in that SG&A. But don't discount that what we've been talking about with this Comex integration. I think that when you think about the expenses that were admin expenses, those kind of expenses we basically now at a nice run rate for all the different systems and admin expenses for Comex. 
John Morikis: It really does come down to a level of comfort that we have with the expansion and making sure that we have the human talent to be able to deliver on our promise. And so as we add the stores incrementally important if you will to have the right people at the right level to be able to deliver on every brand promise that we make. And we just feel that 85 to 100 range is the right range and you're going to see that fluctuate, sometimes it just in the timing of when they are going to hit. You might have a heavier first quarter or heavier fourth quarter, but that's a range that we just feel comfortable with.
John Morikis: Yes. I think there's a lot of discussion about the formulation a couple years ago and the reaction for the rapid rise in titanium dioxide. But we said then that a lot of our formulation for depending contractor. And we know that 1% to 2% was put up there by some of the competitors we have and we said that we're pretty careful not to change the formulas of these were of courses in the products.
Mehul Dalia: First up, 4Q same store sales is an acceleration over 2Q and 3Q, so just wanted to know what changed and how did the non-architectural piece perform on a relative basis compared to the previous two quarters.
Mehul Dalia: Got it. Also what’s your estimate how the industry grew in the U.S. how it changed on perspective in 2015 and what are your expectations for 2016.
Mehul Dalia: Great, and just one last one before I turn it over. With the three selling season, quickly approaching, can you talk about some of the lessons learned at Lowe's in 2015 and if any strategy shift or anything that you guys are going to do in 2015. Thank you.
Sean Hennessy: If you look at the – this is Sean Hennessy. And so I’ll take first – the second part first. I think that non-paint sales performed fairly well. I think that consistently throughout the year, we had a nice year in the non-paint sales but they accelerated also. I think that the Paint Store Group had a very nice quarter and there is chance have we don’t usually talk about weather, but the maybe weather helped us a little bit. But I think that what’s when you look at the second and third quarter versus fourth quarter. We did use weather in the second and third quarter. Thank you. You see parts of that.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. Don, if you take a look at that 340 basis points approximately half of that was due to the paint volume increases for our North American supply chain. That's really the number one thing that drove it. That also includes integration of that Comex business that has been a nice piece of that. Also you have to remember the mix because of the foreign currency exchange. As U.S. becomes bigger and bigger piece of that, of our total sales, our paint store group does have the highest gross margin. So that helps on the other piece. Now having said that LIFO is always trying to catch what you think is going to happen with the laws and the way the raws came in a was a slight help from the LIFO. LIFO did help us especially in the Consumer Group and also a little bit in the Storage Group. If you take a look about the long-term, in the long-term I think we try to give you guidance what we think is long-term we think probably our long-term when you look at the makeup of the company and where we are going is in the mid-47 to the mid-49s. I think that again when that foreign currency changes around instead of being at 80% U.S. in North American sales you’re going to start seeing that come down back into the 70s, that will have the reverse impact on the gross margin so when we feel like we’re running at a normal area we think we are going to be in the 47.5% to 49.5% gross margin.
Sean Hennessy: We are not going to break that out. I would tell you that it was a help because you asked that question I wanted to point that out but it’s not enough that we’re going to put it in the K.
Sean Hennessy: I’m going to jump in real quick. I just want to remind everyone we’ve over the years have been very careful not to break out customer P&Ls and because of the differentiating factor of HGTV in 2015 we try to give you some guidance but we really don’t have any kind of plans to break the sales or the absolute gross margins or the operating margins. We think it’s in our core now and you’re going to see it going on in the future but so from that standpoint I think we are going to shy away from giving that customer specific P&L but John you might want to comment? On the sales side I think we expect.
Sean Hennessy: Sure. Just give me one second here. Paint Store Group was up $97.8 million in the quarter. Consumer Group $27.5 million. Global Finishes Group was down $4.8 million and Latin America was down $15.1 million.
Sean Hennessy: Right. When we look at that Global Finishes Group in the fourth quarter was up 29% it was the operating profit was really driven by SG&A expense control. And favorable raw material costs which more than offset the negative currency because they had to go against currency also and I would tell you we feel pretty good about this SG&A savings that we have. I will tell you years ago when this Global Finishes Group was operating at 3% to 3.5% after we bought the Becker, Sayerlack and Inchem acquisitions, we said eventually we felt that could run at 12% and so we think that we’re at a pretty good spot. We think in the future a lot of that improvement has come from those efficiencies we are going to get and I think in the future it’s going to be driven by market share gains and sales gains.
Sean Hennessy: We have a very good relationship with a very good customer there. And so we are continuing to focus our efforts there as I mentioned earlier we want to be the best supplier to each of our customers and so we’ve really just tried to listen to a very good customer being responsive and help them grow and that’s our game plan.
Sean Hennessy: I think that the FX headwinds, where I would say be a little more our estimate is a little stronger than it was going into last year. I think that Comex was a really strong one and I think you heard Bob’s comments about raw materials. Even though they are going to be a nice tailwind I don’t see the tailwind being as strong in 2016 as it was in 2015.
Sean Hennessy: I would say we are in inning eight. That the bottom of the eighth and the home team is winning big. I think we’re going to see it, we were able to accelerate it.
Sean Hennessy: I think we were helped with if you look at the working capital again we define working capital as receivables plus, inventory minus payable was driven all the way down to 8.6% and I would tell you that our long-term goal is to reduce that working capital as a percent of sales. So that we can go from 10% to 11% and the long-term cash as a conversation from sales and I will tell that our working capital at 8.6%. our inventory is in great shape. Our receivables are in great shape but I think our payables were favorably impacted by timing of some payments year-over-year. So I think that our payables, the accounts payable will be lower next year which will raise the working capital backup into that, our more near-term target of about 10% of sales. So I think the 13% is nice and I think it was just because of the timing of payments. I think you’re going to see us going back in that 10% to 11% of sales in the future.
Sean Hennessy: It was largely the architectural, Greg and if you look at what we’ve seen there clearly it’s an improvement in third quarter over fourth quarter and we continue to be excited and encouraged by the comments we’re hearing from many of our customers. Our home builders that saw a more mild weather which enabled them to catch up on some of the lost work days that were previously an issue. There’s just a momentum there that we are working hard to make sure we capture more than our share.
Sean Hennessy: The nonresidential side didn’t slowdown in 2015 to 2014. What we feel as an absolute number it was still a good performance. Our relationship in this business as we look at the large commercial contractors and how we are positioned there we feel really good that with the market we’ll grow well beyond behind what the market trends will grow. We’ve got a very good position here. We work hard on every aspect from product specifications color and we expect to get again quite a bit of that share as we grow into 2016.
Sean Hennessy: So if you look at residential repaint we been experiencing double-digit gains here for quite some time we’ve got good momentum there good position in the commercial side and we expect as Bob mentioned that that pipeline is going to work in our direction.
Sean Hennessy: Well. There are stores that close. It really varies by market. It’s a very fragmented market and we compete with local competitors so each market is bit different and we often say inside our four walls that we don’t discriminate by where we will grow our share. Some of them will be larger competitors and some of them might be smaller but our teams locally are focused on their customers that offer opportunity and it may be in any channel that they see those opportunities but they are really focused on growing and we’re winning. We feel pretty good about the pace in which we are winning.
Sean Hennessy: I think that the when we take a look at the capacity I think our manufacturing footprint has been expanded each and every year from efficiencies. We’ve taken a look at our capacity utilization. we’re in nice shape. We went through a nice growth here we did an integration of Comex. We might see down the road five years where we might have to do some type of major expansion on our plant but in the short term here we don’t have a game plan to open a new plant.
Sean Hennessy: I tell you why. What happens with most of the major raw materials. So 87% of raw materials where purchasing down there. Our purchase spend U.S. dollar, so when the raws go down mid-single-digit I will say five and then currencies fluctuates losses 25% to 30% such as in Brazil. your raws on a local basis are going to go up. That’s really the big driver not sitting here saying can we go from one supplier to another.
Sean Hennessy: Whether it’s commercial or people building multi-family dwellings and so forth that’s what I’m talking about.
Sean Hennessy: No. I think you hit on them. I think that the basic business is again we're watching it. We have not forecast the Brazil is going to be robust economy next year Argentina will be. I think we'll see what happens in Chile. Mexico seems to be doing fine but I think when you look at some of these areas. There is a reason why the currency continues to devalue and I don't see Brazil being a positive this year.
Sean Hennessy: Right. And so those improvements are now part of our everyday operations. We've taken those facilities out of the supply chain and now we're running those volumes through our existing plants and the additional point that I was making Rosemarie was that now our focus become how do we get the most throughput on each of those stores? Some that had transitioned earlier and some that were in the process now but now that they've been – many of them been converted to Sherwin stores, our opportunity to grow our sales in many segments that they weren't selling in the past become the opportunity moving forward. 
Sean Hennessy: Yes. I think that – we've been in that range for probably 8 years to 10 years. And I could see us staying in that range. 
Sean Hennessy: We typically see the pressure on large bid projects and that's typically been the same for as long as I've been in the industry of 31 years. And while the average pricing might tick down slightly the margins are not. And so we worked very hard to ensure that we remain competitive on those large projects. It's a relatively small percentage of our total sales. They are good projects. They are often times, they are important projects to us and so we work to keep those projects Sherwin-Williams. 
Sean Hennessy: New res was a good performer for us. It was slightly behind res repaint, but it performed well for us. We’ve got have a very good relationship with many of the home builders in the marketplace and we have products that perform specifically for their needs. As well as what Bob mentioned we've got a distribution platform that allows us to make commitments across the country and be responsive to their needs. 
Sean Hennessy: I will take the Global Finishes first. We had a positive accounts in the Global Finishes North America was our strongest continent by far in total those were fine. When we look at – We don't break this out but I would tell you that I think your first question about when you have so many stores you got to be careful but it does appear that some of the weakness is starting is starting to affect some of the store sales in pockets. You go out to West Texas or some of these other places Oklahoma. I think we're starting to see it Jeff. 
Sean Hennessy: And Jeff a lot of the survey work I've read has indicated that home-improvement have actually held up better as a retail category than retail in general. So I think there has been an impact on home-improvement but it's been less than on other retail categories.
Sean Hennessy: Richard actually a mid-single-digit decline is a pretty significant decline across the entire basket. We spent a lot of time talking about Ti02 in the latex and Resin side of the basket which granted is the lion's share of our raw material basket by value but there are also categories of packaging and specialty chemicals that maybe moving the opposite direction. And offset the deflation in Ti02 and resins and latex to some degree. The other thing I would caution you want is assuming that Resin and latex pricing is tracking in line with propylene or with crude oil a lot of times because these are specialty formulas they are often times owned and controlled by our supplier. That gives them some measure of pricing power in the short-term. The Resin that you use in a particular paint formula has a very significant impact on the performance of the end product and they're not interchangeable parts. If the supplier wants to hold on to some of the benefit of lower cost propylene for a period of time in the long run we believe we'll get the benefit but the benefit tends to come to market slower than in the commodity category like Ti02. 
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay, thanks. And on the Ti02 the producers have been announcing several price increases, they all seem to be getting their act together. Are you taking it or in part of your comments about the fact that now it's the bottom meaning a low floor or a beginning of price increases on the Ti02.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. And you find that the supply demand is getting I mean could it be balance by the end of this year or that is too early and we need another couple of years.
Rosemarie Morbelli: Okay. And lastly if I may, could you bring us up-to-date on some of the press releases that you have published saying that you are working with Lowe's towards introducing other product lines. Can you give us a feel of what that is and then tell us how the antibacterial is doing? I know it's early, but.
