Gary E. Hendrickson: We had a good quarter. We delivered double digit growth in both sales and earnings and we continued to perform well in all regions. We were very pleased with our acquisitions and strong new business efforts which helped us to offset soft markets in North America and Europe and inventory adjustments by our customers in North America in our paint segment. In our coatings segment we gained new business in all our product lines particularly in general industrial and coil. In the paint segment sales benefited from our Wattyl acquisition and our growth in our consumer business in China. During the quarter we continued our pricing in all geographies and product lines and on a year-over-year basis we continue to make progress in restoring our margins. However, we still need more pricing before our margins are fully restored. We also did a great job in managing our cost, lowering our inventory levels and improving productivity so overall a very good quarter.  Turning to the full year, we once again delivered double digit earnings growth, $2.65 per share an 18.8% increase and our third consecutive year of double digit earnings growth. Even excluding the one-time tax benefit of $0.09 per share that Lori mentioned, our earnings per share were up nearly 15% over last year. This was a significant accomplishment by Valspar employees worldwide given the substantially higher raw material costs and challenging market conditions in the US and Europe. During the year we made solid progress on our long term growth initiatives, our investment in brands, innovative technologies and strategic acquisitions. In the US consumer awareness of the Valspar brand continues to grow and third party data indicates that we are outperforming the market. The consumer business in China performed well and delivered another strong year. Regarding Wattyl, we’re on track with the integration in our plan to bring Wattyl’s profitability in line with our corporate average.  So 2011 was a good year for driving growth through our investment in brands. Throughout the year, we were successful at securing significant new business in our coatings product lines, particularly those serving industrial markets. We continued to deliver new technology and we achieved our target for net new business. We also completed the acquisition of Isocoat a Brazilian based manufacturer of powder coatings that further strengthens our presence in Latin America and broadens our range of technologies for the general industrial markets. We made good progress towards restoring our operating margin through pricing and productivity. We secured almost 10% in pricing globally in response to markedly higher raw materials costs. And as we pointed out in the past there’s a lag between raw material cost increases and the impact of our pricing actions and we still need more pricing. We also took significant action to increase our cost structure and improve productivity. Finally, we returned cash to shareholders by increasing our annual dividend per share by over 10%, the 33rd consecutive year of a dividend increase and by repurchasing 6.75 million shares.  Looking ahead to fiscal 2012, our guidance is for adjusted net income per share in the range of $2.87 to $3.07 which once again represents double digit earnings growth. The assumptions behind our performance outlook include modest sales growth driven by new business in all product lines and regions, a moderating raw material environment. We do expect raw material inflation for the year but don’t anticipate the dramatic inflation that we experienced in 2010 and 2011, and a continued focus on operational and pricing discipline along with productivity improvement which includes savings from our restructuring actions. With those comments, I’ll open the call for your questions.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I’ll answer the second question first and say that there are lags and all of our businesses have nice plans for growth next year. Much of that is based on technology innovations. In the year, it was I think I mentioned on our third quarter call that our net new business was about 3% in the year and that’s the number.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think we were up slightly in the paint segment overall and that’s a combination of our business in China, our business in the US and several channels. You asked me to exclude Wattyl. Our business in China grew nicely. Our business in the US frankly, was soft. We think the overall market in the US, the DIY market was soft in the year. It wasn’t a great painting season, spring started late, there was unusual weather, a lot of rain during the painting season and fall came early. So we think the overall DIY market in North America was down volumetrically in the year. We’ve done well with our products in both the main channels that we serve and the third party data that I referenced indicates that Valspar was outperforming the markets. But I will say we outperformed the market in a weak market. 
Gary E. Hendrickson: I don’t know David, I think there’s another nomination for shortly after the first of the year. It’s certainly not as significant as they have been in the past so it’s possible that we’ll see continued pricing from the TiO2 suppliers but I certainly don’t expect it to be to the extent that we’ve seen in the past.
Gary E. Hendrickson: They’ve come down some. The derivatives of propylene and ethylene have come down from their highs. I think we’re forecasting for the first quarter or two that they’re probably down [inaudible] that we’ll see some modest depreciation of those types of products.
Gary E. Hendrickson: It’s a combination of that and a fair amount of new business which is differentiated business that’s coming into particularly our GI and our coil business at nice margins.
Gary E. Hendrickson: It’s about a third maintenance, a third growth and a third what we call strategic. So the strategic part is the most interesting part for us where we’re making some substantial investments in our plants in China. We’ll be building a new plant in China to support the growth of the Huarun business and we’ll be expanding two of our other plants in South China to support the growth of our industrial businesses.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, we break it into two pieces. We break it into the consumer piece and we break it into the industrial piece. The consumer business was up high teens in terms of revenue and the industrial business was up somewhat less than that. I don’t remember the exact number.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, the housing market in Australia is soft. Interest rates are high and it’s not a robust housing market so the volume expectations that we had going into the year were not realized on our core business. However, we did secure the majority of the shelf space in the new Masters Store which is a between Lowes and Woolsworth. Five of those stores are open and they appear to be performing extremely well, certainly our paint sales are performing well. In our model, that’s the principle growth engine that we have for the first couple of years. Relative to the cost outs, we’re on track. That was a big part of our restructuring that we did in 2011 and relative to our plan we’re on track or maybe slightly ahead of our plan.
Gary E. Hendrickson: We make two types of resins, solvent based and water based and the water based is the much larger component of it. That business did well this year but it was challenged with volume because we’re selling into the US architecture market which I said earlier was a weak market this year. Just in terms of recovery we would not expect to see it at a faster pace than our competitors would. It comes at more or less the same pace.
Gary E. Hendrickson: It’s 100% goodwill and intangibles. There’s no people involved, there’s no cash involved, it’s a balance sheet adjustment.
Gary E. Hendrickson: We’ve made a lot of progress. Our technical people have done a great job in substituting Chinese TiO2 for what was formerly the chloride based TiO2 source from the multinationals. We’re doing the same thing in Europe and China. It’s been a notable success for us.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I’ll just say Don that all the data that we have about the US DIY market says it was down this year and it was down certainly in the painting season is the third and fourth quarter for us and it was down on a year-over-year basis in the third and fourth quarter. The inventory adjustment that we saw in our paint segment in North America I think was a normal reaction to a weak market.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I mean, the normal inventory pattern is that when the market is strong our customers tend to carry more inventory Don. And this is obvious, but when the market is weak they tend to carry less and so the answer to your question depends on what kind of a market we have next year. If we have an early spring and people are painting then I think that inventory will snap back.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I would say operating leverage has a higher impact than that. All of the restructuring activities that we’ve undergone really since 2008 have positioned us well with a cost structure that is highly leverageable so the new products, the new business that we’re bringing in, in our industrial, particularly in our industrial segment is coming in at a very satisfactory level of profitability.
Gary E. Hendrickson: You’re right, it’s packaging and that’s the majority of the business that we have. But, we also have a general industrial and coil business, those two businesses were fairly week. The packaging business in Europe this year was a little bit weak as well. It wasn’t a great pack season for the food pack and so unusually our packaging business, the volumes were actually down slightly in Europe last year which we think is probably not repeatable. We think that with a decent spring and a good food pack those volumes will snap back.
Gary E. Hendrickson: It probably would have been because we had a similar issue with packaging in North America in that it was a bad planting season for farmers, for the vegetable pack and our food business, which is a very significant part of our packaging business in North America also had the impact from the poor pack season. So I think it still would have been negative.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, we talk about it but I think we also said that our expectation for it were modest. We’re trying something new. We’re in the large cities not the smaller cities were the Huarun is. We’re selling it through one specific channel which is the developers channel for high end developments and we’ve been pretty successful so far. We’ve got a backlog of new business. We’ve won a bunch of business. But as to whether we’re able to translate that into a large and sustainable business I think it’s too early to tell. Huarun is a large and sustainable business and had another good year this year. We didn’t grow it frankly as fast as we did in the previous year but the market was a little bit softer in China this year than it had been in 2010, but we did grow it. Our distributors are continuing to invest. We grew our store count by about 500 stores in the year and I would say on balance it was a good year.
Gary E. Hendrickson: We’ve been in the process of closing underperforming stores and adding stores that make more sense. In terms of the overall base, this is a rough number, but let’s say we grew the store base by 20%.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, the test and it’s still a test, a limited number of stores, but the test has gone extremely well. We’ll be talking with our partner over the next several months about whether we expand the test to a larger number of stores. I think the second part of your question as to whether that changes our point of view depends on how successful we are with this first test.
Gary E. Hendrickson: First, there are two pieces to our wood coatings business. We have our China business which is a combination of Huarun and our traditional furniture business. The Huarun business has been a good business since the day we acquired it. It is, as Lori mentioned, Lori had the number and we grew it into low teens again this year after growing it in the low to mid-teens in 2010. That’s a good business. Part of our restructuring in China was to combine our historical business with the Huarun business. It’s now under one management team and we have the opportunity to supply the whole market. Whatever type of coatings our customers would like to purchase we can do.  In North America our outlook on the North America housing market is that it’s not a market that will recover any time soon and so we’ve scaled back our strategic plan numbers for that business. We closed three of our five plants in North America. We only have two now and we think we’ve got the right size to have a sustainable business. But the reason that we took the impairment is that is a smaller business and the fair value of that business given our current expectations is much lower than it was when we acquired Lilly. But, as Lori said, it’s a business that is sized right for the current market, one where we can satisfy our customers well and one that is profitable and returning positive cash flow.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think that’s good for us. The lower the price of property the more people can afford apartments and the more paint we can sell. As I said earlier, our distributors are continuing to invest. The people I think that can answer that question best are the people who are on the front lines trying to sell to those apartment developers and to consumers who are buying their first, sometimes second apartments and they’re continuing to invest. So the headline story is obviously as you described it but I think on the ground our distributors still have a great deal of confidence that the market will continue to grow and we have wonderful opportunities.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Lori’s comment related to our point of view on basically GDP, whether we’re going to get growth in the overall economy. We believe that in order for us to grow next year in Europe and in the US we’re going to have to do it with new business and that’s market share gains. In Latin America and Asia our growth will be a combination of new business and market growth. That’s our plan.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I mean we sell a number of channels in North America including Lowes. Our strategy won’t change. We want to occupy the premium price points with premium products in whatever channel that we sell in and we’re just going to keep doing what we’ve been doing. As I said, third party data indicates that we’re outperforming the market. There’s not a lot we can do about the market but there’s a lot we can do to continue to establish our brand and the premium positioning.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I mentioned to a previous question, North America and Europe this year were a little bit weak. I think our customers have indicated that in their calls as well largely due to a poor planting season and vegetable pack this year. I wouldn’t expect that that would be the case again next year. I mean it might be but I would expect that that market would recover. Asia is booming, I think there are 30 plus can lines that are going into Asia Pacific today. We expect that we’ll get our fair share of that business and we’ll have nice growth in Asia next year and for many years to come, maybe for decades to come. And in Latin America it’s the same thing particular in Brazil, that’s a very strong market and we expect to grow there again next year.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think I’d just answer that by saying that we’ve been the technology leader in packaging coatings in a number of segments for a long time and we’re continuing to make the investments in our R&D and our technical endeavors to make sure we keep that leadership position.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Thanks everyone for your questions. To summarize, we had a great year and expect to deliver double digit earnings growth in fiscal 2012. Our guidance is $2.87 to $3.07 per share. The assumptions behind our guidance are modest sales growth driven by new business, a moderating raw material environment, and continued focus on operational discipline and productivity improvement. Thanks for joining our call today and we’ll talk with you again on our first quarter conference call in February.
Lori A. Walker: Yes, and just to make it clear the charge is goodwill and intangible so if you look at the combination that was roughly $2 billion prior to the write off and yes, that is associated then primarily with the wood coatings product line. That’s the one associated with the acquisition of Lilly back in 2000.
Lori A. Walker: Sure. We’re in a reported loss situation therefore GAAP requires that the basic and diluted shares are the same and that’s what you see the shares the same. But once you exclude the goodwill impairment loss then the appropriate diluted shares you should be using is 95.2 million.
Lori A. Walker: The volumes were down a little bit more in the fourth quarter than they were in the third quarter. We had talked about it being more in the mid-single digits versus the 1%. And as we look into 2012 from a market growth perspective we’re expecting the US and Europe to be flat to slightly positive growth with more mid-single digit growth in the regions of Asia and Latin America.
Lori A. Walker: The way I would answer that is even with the improvement in the Wattyl operating margins with the restructuring actions that we’ve taken it will still be lower than the overall paint segment. So it would still be depressing the paint segment margins.
Lori A. Walker: I don’t have a specific number off the top of my head. I mean, I think you can look at it in terms that we’ve talked about the fact that when we bought that business it was about a $385 million business with 4% operating profit and we’re looking at getting that business up to the corporate average in less than five years so it’s going to be modest improvements for the next few years. 
Lori A. Walker: 30% to 31% is what I gave guidance for and I also mentioned in terms of some of the benefit in the tax rate when you’re looking at the full year was due to onetime non-recurring and so if you look then forward, and we’ve done a projection on our best estimate of what we think the geographic mix will be next year, it would calculate out in the 30% to 31% range.
