Bob Wells: And Chris, this is Bob. Let me handle the question on raw materials, we often talk about the many moving parts of the raw material basket and as John indicated, we've seen a fair amount of movement in a number of areas since our year-end call. While our outlook for TiO2 in fact hasn't changed much. We still expect mid-to-upper-single-digit inflation for the year in TiO2. We are seeing more pressure in some of the petrochemical based materials. This is a result of a number of factors, most importantly; higher propylene cost in the first quarter higher than we expected in fact and tight market conditions, which we think are transitory tight market conditions in certain monomers in particular MMA and VAM. And while the effect of these petrochemical factors may be somewhat transitory and aren't likely to result in a runaway raw material basket, they have pushed our expectations up from low-single-digit to mid-single-digit. In the first quarter, we think we were probably at the top end of that low-single-digit range may be in the 3% to 3.5% range. We do expect to see some incremental inflation in the second quarter. And we think that the year-over-year inflation is likely to peak in the second quarter. Then we start rolling through the price increases taken in TiO2 last year which the year-over-year inflation should ease somewhat in the second half.
Bob Wells: Yes Steve this is Bob. I think if I would rank those items, the number one would be, as we've discussed on a number of quarters our customers, our professional customers are labor constrained in the high season quarters second and third much less so in the first and fourth. So we saw a rebound of comps in the fourth quarter that rebound actually accelerated in the first quarter, it tends to be their smallest volume quarter. So I think the fact that we're seeing a flattening out of volume in the industry from the traditional bell shaped curve to more volume in the out quarters that that would be number one. I think number two is the shift from DIY to contractor. I think we are with rising home values, rising equity markets, increasing consumer confidence, a stronger employment backdrop all those things, the homeowners are really getting confident in hiring contractors as opposed to doing project themselves. One of the things that is driving incremental volume for us is by our own doing. It's not a market force, it's more our focus on new account activation on growing share of wallet amongst our small share customers is certainly driving volume growth in that segment and leading to what we believe to be a probably 2X plus rate of growth -- volume growth in paint stores of the 2X plus the market rate of growth. We don't think weather had an impact on the first quarter.
Bob Wells: And Bob that the Protective & Marine is really the only material non-architectural business in Paint Stores Group, the rest of that would fall in the Global Finishes.
Bob Wells: Yes and we've learned over the last couple years that the tale of the tape for market growth is going to be -- is going to be determined in the second and third quarter. It really depends on the labor supply in the professional painter market. We know that labor supply is growing, is it growing at the rate of demand growth doubtful. So to what extent market wise, labor is a constraint to volume growth this year time will tell. We think that the demand in the market is sufficient to drive industry growth well ahead of low-single-digits, well into the mid-single-digits.
Bob Wells: I think you're right, Mike, I think you'll see some flattening of the bell curve certainly not an all exterior projects but where possible there is certainly going to be some products or projects that can get pushed out into the fourth quarter they may have been completed in the third.
Bob Wells: And Kevin, a quick point of clarification the SG&A as a percent of sales improvement was -- was magnified by the change in revenue classification the revenue reclassification apples-to-apples comparison it was actually down 50 basis points.
Bob Wells: On the second question that we, we have gone out in with price in our other businesses. We don't typically talk about those on magnitude in that, but we have where we're certainly seeing pressure from a raw material standpoint.
Bob Wells: Scott we've described DIY has been between 10% and 15% of the segment. It would be less than that; it would be smaller in the first and fourth quarters.
Bob Wells: Yes, if you look at our cash benefit in the first quarter net income obviously grew very nicely. We did get the benefit of the cash flow hedge settlement in our first quarter that was about $88 million. And then if you remember, coming out of our year-end 2015 our working capital as a percent of sales was really low was 8.6% and then when you look at the impact of working capital on cash flow the change first quarter versus year-end so we saw a much bigger change in our first quarter 2016 than we saw in our first quarter 2017 due to the timing of payments. And so you won't have, you'll have that rollout, but it will be much more muted as the year goes on.
Bob Wells: No, Mike, I think if you look at our sales guidance again in our second quarter, mid-to-high-single-digits in that guidance, you have to expect that our Consumer Group will perform better than it did, certainly in our first quarter.
Bob Wells: No, John, I would that is not the case. I think what you probably saw in our results we carry more inventory in our first quarter and the reason we did that as with the strong sales of our Paint Storage Group coming out of the fourth quarter and the momentum they carried into our first quarter. We wanted to make sure we continue to service our customers that a high level. So we ended up carrying more inventory on the Sherwin side and that’s why you saw the working capital up a little bit year-over-year, but I would not say that's a driver of the inventory.
Bob Wells: I do not we're still, we're still working through that valuation and again on that side it's really Valspar's working on that. And we'll see that as soon as the detail related to the valuation as soon as we close. But we're not in able to see all the detail related to step up and assets and the like as soon as we know, John, we will be out and giving you that information.
Bob Wells: Sure. Dmitry first off, I think the team has done a nice job at reducing their SG&A in this environment. But the other thing you have to remember is our global supply chain runs through that segment and we're seeing nice operating efficiency improvements with the gallon that Paint Stores Group is producing in flowing through that group.
Bob Wells: No, there were really no significant changes in the spending or timing, Mike. I'd say there were; as we look at SG&A, I think we've we have looked at those types of efficiencies where we might have had two different business units buying different products from -- from different suppliers or partners. I mean just the basics that you would have expected. But given some of the size of some of our spend it can be fair savings so and then we're looking at trying to be as smart as we can with our spend without impacting the face to the customer.
Bob Wells: Well, sure we have a lot of thoughts about the value of that brand I mean that's tremendous asset and one we want to get behind. We help -- we think it helps us with all our customers certainly not just Lowe's but it helps us with current Valspar customers as well as customers that are currently buying Sherwin-Williams branded products as the technology that we have -- we purchased can be moved into other different brands or other different customers. But all of those -- all of those decisions always come back to what I mentioned earlier, which is working with our customers on helping them to develop the best plan to help them grow more -- grow more product going out of their stores. So you asked specifically about Lowe's that but it could be with every customer that we're going to have combined we'll sit down with each one of them and develop a plan and how to best utilize all the assets that we have.
Bob Wells: Not quite at this point, Rosemarie. I think I mean we are both running around to a little bit over 2% in short-term. I would say that's probably going to hold but mid-to-long-term, we see that come down as a percent of sales.
Bob Wells: Yes, Chuck, we talked about getting good traction on pricing. I'm sorry Greg, we have talked about getting good traction on pricing so far in Paint Stores Group but the vast majority of Paint Stores Comp was volume.
Bob Wells: Thanks, Jessie. Back on April 3rd, we announced that we are rescheduling our financial community presentation from our original May 25 to October 3. Our intent all along this year was to focus the meeting on the details of the Valspar transaction and integration progress and needless to say with the delay in closing the acquisition, these details aren't going to be available on May 25. We think postponing the event to fulfill our original intent will be more valuable to you and the presentation will still be held at the Marriott Marquis in New York, we hope you can join us. Registration details will be emailed late summer and we look forward to hosting a great meeting and we thank you for your flexibility. As always, I will be available over the next few days to handle any follow-up questions that arise as you digest this morning's call. I'd like to thank you again for joining us today and thank you for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
John Morikis: Yes, so we don't talk about any specific customers so I'm not address the INFINITY directly. I will say that, as I mentioned earlier that the overall performance for the quarter fell short of our expectations and while we found ourselves in a situation where we felt there was weakness across the board. And it was a very challenging market. We just, we don't accept that. And so the answer your question, our expectations moving forward to be the best partner possible to our customers. And that means helping them get product off the shelf it's not our desire to fill their shelves is to help them get product off the shelves. I don't -- I don't want to get into a lot of specifics on our strategy to be able to do that. I will say that our teams. We have great confidence in our teams. We've got and I think the terrific strategy. We are looking forward to the combined business once we close on Valspar we think added to assets together or the people, the brands everything will make us better and we're focused on every one of our customers and helping them to be more successful.
John Morikis: Yes, I would say that we're very pleased in the stores segment's performance while we don't give specific numbers. I will tell you that the residential repaying once again had a double-digit gain. This will be the 12th of 14 quarters that we've had double-digit gains and we feel as though there is a terrific momentum. I've got that's great respect for that team and what they're executing on right now is just been terrific. I would like to take you back to the second and third quarter of last year when we started talking about the challenges that some of our customers were talking about at that time which was their view of the world included a great confidence in the projects that they were working on and the bidding that they were doing, and if there was any concern in their comments, it was typically that they had more work than labor. And so while our residential repaying business has been growing for 12 to 14 quarters I have more confidence right now probably than ever because our team is really responded. We're not exactly sure what the second and third quarter has in store for us as it relates to labor and any constraints that they, our customers might experience but we're not waiting and our teams have been working very aggressively and filling the pipeline with new accounts to try to offset any slowdown that our customers might have in growing their business. It's a matter of are they at capacity or not. The residential repaying we're very excited about and momentum. The others commercial, new residential, I mean it is, is really a very strong quarter of stores organization, in fact even protective and marine we had a couple years of softness in protective and marine through our stores. We had a positive quarter in sales of protective and marine and that some of the bottoming out of the oil and gas, but we've been talking about pivoting into different segments and trying to accelerate in those segments. We'd like it to be faster without exception but we're starting to see some momentum there.
John Morikis: The gross margin, I think in our first quarter, we were pretty happy with that result on the core we saw a 60 basis point improvement. As the year unfolds as Bob mentioned, the second quarter, we expect year-over-year, raw material inflation to be -- to peak we're confident that we can recoup the inflation in the market. It just doesn't happen in real time and as we see that the rest of the year unfolds on the effectiveness of our price increase, where raw materials trend out at the end of the second quarter, we'll have a better line of sight to our gross margins and update accordingly.
John Morikis: Yes I believe in the first quarter our effectiveness was better than we thought and more than offset the raw material increase.
John Morikis: Latin America will be higher, higher but across the rest of the globe, I'd say the U.S. the impact of titanium dioxide that has on our U.S. business is probably a little higher in the U.S.
John Morikis: Yes. So Paint Stores Group increased $82.5 million, Latin America Coatings Group increased $4.9 million, Global Finishes Group increased $6.6 million, and Consumer decreased $10.2 million.
John Morikis: No, it's certainly some easier numbers, but I would definitely say that it has an equal if not more result of the efforts that our teams are putting forward. I think that we are seeing some benefit in the market, we're seeing some easier comparison and we're certainly witnessing some benefit of the pivoting into some of the other segments I spoke of.
John Morikis: Volumes in Paint Stores Group were very strong and as I mentioned I could go on every segment just as much passion as I started with resi paint but each one of our segments have really shown terrific growth and we're feeling really good about it and protective marine wasn't the headwind that it had been in the past.
John Morikis: Through the consumers, yes consumer did lag and that's the comments that I made earlier, as far as we found some challenging markets and customers there is not one that I would point you to say that there was one customer, one geography, as I mentioned earlier, there was -- there were some challenges that we faced throughout nearly every market with many customers facing some tougher sales and our focus remains on helping them to be more successful.
John Morikis: It's hard to say, I don't. I will say that we didn't experience any shelf loss, we've not found ourselves in situations where we feel as though we've lost shelf to our competitors we're just really trying to focus on helping our customers sell more product off the shelf.
John Morikis: I would say the non-paint categories remain strong. And I'd say the growth rates are in line with paint demand; we're seeing good momentum in those -- in those categories.
John Morikis: I'm sorry; I thought you meant non-paint sorry. No, I think that as I mentioned Protective & Marine sales were up but not in the same range as our architectural category, so it's certainly in our expectation that they wouldn't go from a direct headwind to a strong tailwind. And so we feel as though, as I mentioned, it's bottoming out in the industrial businesses inside our stores and through a lot of effort and some of the markets improving, we feel as though it's going to help us. It won't turn into a terrific tailwind for us immediately though.
John Morikis: Yes it's funny we had this discussion every quarter and we like to see those numbers little smoother. But as you would expect with just different construction regulations and ordinances it's just a little bit of challenge to smooth those up. Bob, yes, we're going to load up, we're confident in the year. And no one should read anything into the number little softer in the quarter than what we would have liked but it was truly just a matter of in some cases getting permits, occupancy permits we're on, we're on the same point, we should be 
John Morikis: On the inventory piece that's always something that we're trying to work with, with our customers. We want to as part of being their best supplier; we want to be the ones that can offer them the best service, so that they don't have working capital tied up in that. And so there is always in those discussions and I wouldn't say that to any greater extent, then we would expect or quite frankly that we would want. We want to help our customers in those terms. In regards to pricing, we don't comment on the pricing on that side of the business. We've spoken to our stores and we've spoken to the raw material basket but we, because of the competitive nature of those customers, we don't speak to any specific customers outside of our stores.
John Morikis: Well, Mike, what we've done in it typical practice in the past as we've annualized, these types of changes we start including them in our core and that's why we didn't call it out on our second quarter. I think what you see is if you look at how the adjustments rolled out in the quarters last year they maybe a little bit muted from a timing standpoint, but they're smaller and probably typical of what you'll see going forward. I would say our first quarter was, was higher than what we are certainly expecting higher than last year and it was just a pure function of the amount of options that were exercised and the run-up in our stock price after the first -- our year-end call.
John Morikis: So, on the first piece, no, I wouldn't say that it's been fully executed. We're working with customers across all businesses on stepping those price increases in. On the second question --
John Morikis: Yes, I mean little hesitant to do that, and only because from a strategic standpoint, I want to play my cards a little close to our best. I do feel though that it's fair to say that the teams that we have around the world, but particularly here in the U.S. because of the size of this business. Our focus on those areas as I mentioned earlier, I'm trying to help our customers to be more successful by selling more products rather than getting products in the shelf lane out the specifics on how we plan on doing that's something I'd rather show you the results and explain to you as we're working on these what we're doing.
John Morikis: I mentioned that we have not experienced any shelf loss. I wouldn't say that we're -- we're feeling as though we're on the backend of any deals that went the other way but at the same time we're far from complacent, assuming everything is okay. We have -- we have very high expectations of our team and I do think that they found themselves as I mentioned in a challenging market. That said, we have higher expectations for ourselves and our investors should have higher expectations of us.
John Morikis: Well as I mentioned and as Bob mentioned as well and we're now waiting to see last year's second quarter when we started to hear from our customers that they were concerned with their ability to grow their business. We started right then mobilizing our sales organization to effectively increase the number of accounts that we have an account activation program. So the good news that we see is that the fundamentals of the market are very, very strong, it's a matter of how much our customers can apply product and so many of them as we've said found themselves at capacity. Well when you find your customers at capacity and you want to grow your business, you got to find new customers and so we've been working very, very hard at both the share of wallet customers that are currently in our store that offer more opportunity as well as customers that are in other locations buying product and we've had some success there. So we're not waiting for the second and third quarter to play out. We're taking steps right now to control our future and we'll see how effectively we're compared to what the constraints in the markets are. But we're not just waiting for things, good things to happen to us.
John Morikis: Well few things, Scott first the DIY number that Bob just quoted as far as our percent of sales was a total year it's a first quarter is a relatively small quarter for us in DIY. There is a shift clearly there is a shift from do-it-for-me to do-it-yourself to do-it-for-me. But there is still an awful lot of opportunity for us to continue to grow our business. Inside our stores we talked to DIY consumer because it's an important component not only in trying to grow our business but the DIY is a relatively small piece, we want that homeowner accepting our product coming in the door with the painting contractor. So in the first quarter, while it was up slightly, I'd say it's a relatively small percentage of our business it is the first quarter.
John Morikis: Yes, you're right, we are pleased with our results in Q1 and again pointing to stores and even our Global Finishes Group momentum, we feel good about that. We've got great confidence in our strategy and great confidence in our team, so that as I feel like I have repeated a few times here, it's important part of our culture here and Sherwin, there is no complacency despite the fact that we had a good first quarter. But that said, and if you'll pardon a sports analogy I know you're a Yankees fan, but I'll use our beloved Cleveland Indians which we're very proud of. First inning of the game they may put a lot of runs on, on the scoreboard, but they don't start packing our bats after the first inning and so Scott, I'd say we're not packing our bat after the first quarter, we typically earn about I'd say between 15% and 20% of our full-year EPS in the first quarter and I'd say probably what else 65% to 70% in the middle two quarters.
John Morikis: And so in other words we make our year in those middle quarters so not to overuse it but after the first quarter we're not ready to pack up our bags and go home. We've often said here at Sherwin that here is a strong weak in July can make up for a weak month in the first quarter. So while we're confident in our outlook and we have plans in place to sustain our momentum throughout the year we prefer to wait until we get this second quarter under our belt before making any adjustments in either direction to our full-year guidance, lot of confidence but we just think it's prudent to, to see this through.
John Morikis: Yes but we better, right we've sort of lot of money to get those yes, we're very excited about what they bring very complementary in nature. We have gotten those, some of the people inside Valspar deeper into the organization and we're just absolutely thrilled with the team their approach, their attitude. We're anxious to be able to exchange more information and, but we know that's right around the corner. You're right, our feeling about how our team in the industrial side of our business has been doing has us feeling more bullish than we have in the past and that comes from a number of different areas. One is they have there was a question earlier, I think Greg asked about SG&A and our management of SG&A on the Global Finishes Group side, they've been managing that business very well. So, they're positioned quite frankly to be able to flow a lot of -- a lot of profit through our incremental sales. And the pipeline of customers that they've been working on line trials and the confidence that they have going forward has definitely improved. So we're feeling pretty good about that team and what they're trying to accomplish and likelihood that they'll get there.
John Morikis: And John I know from our past discussions that you know this, but we couldn’t coordinate anything like that with Valspar anyway. I mean that's on the other side of the wall. So we're not allowed to have those types of discussions.
John Morikis: Yes, you're exactly right now Dmitry and across the board, and all three of those areas. We saw an improved run rate. And I'd say we're feeling good as I mentioned just a moment ago about the pipeline of tests and trial runs that we've had continues to move in the right direction. We've been aggressive in the SG&A side on that business. And at the same time, we've been investing in new products and people that we feel can help drive our business forward. And so I'd say that across the Group through the three different businesses we saw sales gains across all three. We're feeling good about the momentum that they're gaining as they as they go forward. And as I mentioned the number of qualified trial runs that we've been on, has improved. So we're feeling better going forward.
John Morikis: I think what you'll see is we opened 47 new stores last year. I think -- I think you'll see a slightly lower number than that and it's based on timing in the markets and similar type of issues we run into in the U.S.
John Morikis: We love big infrastructure bills. Our Protective & Marine team has a good position in many aspects of the structural steel, the bridge and highway, water-wastewater, pretty much across the board. So we have -- we believe a terrific product line an outstanding distribution model, which we can utilize various stores that are properly equipped to take care of our customers that terrific technical people and a wonderful sales organization. So we've got a good position there and we'd love nothing better to see spending in this area.
John Morikis: It certainly can. Our expectation would be that it is most likely to close before the June 21 date, it doesn't, we have not given that as the date of close. So the agreement that we that that we had signed originally with Valspar provided for to a provision a three-month extension, it happened to land on June 21 that was the three-month extension. So our hope and expectation as we move through that process is that we'll be able to close before then.
John Morikis: Yes, so we have had a couple of markets there that have moved in the right direction from what both a sales and volume standpoint. We've had mix that we've had couple that have not broken to that line yet. I would say that even in those areas that we're a little under pressure, we still saw improvement in specific segments. And so we're -- we're feeling better about Latin America as a whole. We're now to the point after release screwing down the expenses there, we have invested a little bit of money in some of the things that we think will continue to drive business clearly will keep that on a short leash. But we don't break out by country or business unit down there Greg, but I would say that it's safe to say that we've had positive momentum in all of them, some of them are in fact, positive volumes.
John Morikis: I would say from a quarter-to-quarter, I'm sorry month-to-month within the quarter is there was choppiness; there was no trend that I could speak to that. And quite frankly that's a little why we were able to manage the SG&A as we did because we didn't see any traction earlier on in the quarter and so since the November, October time last year we've been really trying to manage the expenses on this business. Going forward, I'd say that the expectations that we have would have to include catching up on some of the business that we had expected to see already and it's going to be hard to say how much of that is market improvement and how much of that is some of the product that we had hoped would have been shipped prior to this moment actually getting shipped. So it's going to be a little difficult for us to have that clean line of sight. Again I'd reiterate that and we're feeling good about the relationships that we have with our customers and not having experienced a specific loss of any space. We truly believe that working with our customers and this is what we have been working on to make them better is going to be the answer.
John Morikis: Customer is number one always number one. We want to get in front of as many customers as we can. We've got a very detailed plan on how we approach this and we're anxious to get in front of those customers as quickly as possible. Number two employees. We've got because of the line of sight of our customers is somewhat muted, we don't have specific customers to see we can't exchange that information. We have plans to be in certain business units to visit with those key customers but we do know where the employees are and so getting in front of those customers, employees, and working with them to really put them at ease on the exciting future that they're going to have with Sherwin-Williams would be second. From there, there is a great deal of effort that has gone into the blueprinting of the businesses, how we're going to move forward in areas such as removing complexity, value capture, exchange of information, exchange of technology, and each business unit has mapped those out in great detail. Again there are limits in what we can exchange but there's a lot of things that we can and so we've had the right people engaged in the room in talking about what those priorities are and we've got that down business to business, line by line and we're very excited, if there's been any positive at all to this business taking a little longer to be combined than what we would have liked, it's been our ability to work in greater detail on some of the things that we may not have gotten to until month two or three. But with the additional time, we've been able to get deeper, where legally allowed.
Don Carson: Thank you. John, I want to go back to the Consumer Group with are you seeing any destocking or inventory reduction at the big boxes, given that they're seeing lower overall levels of demand. And have you been able to get any price increases this year in from, from your Consumer Group customers.
Don Carson: Okay. And a follow-up on the overall market, you talked about how not only is architectural demand strong but you're seeing strong non-residential and industrial demand. I think last year you said the market grew 2.5% would you, it sounds like you're expecting higher growth in the overall market this year is that an accurate reflection.
Don Carson: U.S. architectural market because it sounds like you're seeing some positive things on the commercial side of that as well.
