Gary Hendrickson: Thanks, Lori, and good morning everyone. We're off to a good start for the year. Against the backdrop of uneven global demand which impacted volumes in a few of our larger businesses, our execution was excellent. We were able to improve our operating margins both sequentially and year-over-year through a combination of pricing, productivity and the benefits of previous restructuring actions. Our new business initiatives also contributed positively to our results in the quarter and helped to offset market weakness in the global consumer and packaging product lines. A new business in our coil and general industrial product lines were particularly strong. We also continued to do a good job of managing costs. Expenses as a percentage of sales were down were down 60 basis points and up only $5 million year-over-year. Before we talk about our outlook for the rest of 2012, let me just provide a little context about this quarter versus Q1 last year. In the first quarter of last year, we were experiencing significant raw material inflation that had not yet been recovered with pricing and our margins were depressed. This year, cost price is better balanced in many of our product lines and we are also seeing the benefits of restructuring and productivity initiatives. For the remainder of our fiscal year, we're planning for a challenging macro environment. We anticipate potential demand challenges across several of our businesses in regions. And while we remain guardedly optimistic about the U.S. and Latin America markets, we're cautious about Europe and to a lesser extent China. We also expect this year to be challenged with rising raw material cost. We believe that Q1 was a low point for 2012 and our cost will be up sequentially in Q2. And we expect raw materials inflation for the year of mid-to-high single digits. As Lori mentioned, we raised our guidance to $2.92 to $3.12. The assumptions behind this guidance were as just stated, rising raw material cost and demand dynamics that are difficult to predict at this early point in the year but we expect to offset these challenges with new business, pricing when needed, substantial productivity and good management of expenses. And with those comments, I'm happy to take your questions.
Gary Hendrickson: We've got the benefits, Silke, year-over-year from a number of different things. One as I mentioned, cost price was a little bit better in this quarter then it was last year. That was true across most product lines in coatings. Your recall at the coatings segment is where we did most of our restructuring last year. So we're seeing those benefits flow through the P&L. Here we have a number of productivity initiatives in most of those businesses that are also benefiting us. And then the last thing, our new business efforts in our coating segment will particularly have been and were in this quarter particularly strong. And because of all the restructuring that we've done in the lower cost structure that we have, that new business is coming in at very healthy incremental margins. So those are the main drivers of the improvement that you saw. And then your last question about exiting unprofitable our business not, if we did it wouldn't be material.
Gary Hendrickson: The agro equipment market has been strong for a number of quarters. But you really know the growth was mostly about our new business initiatives, particularly in our general industrial segments and our coil segment. I wouldn't say that the market per se was particularly strong but our new business efforts were.
Gary Hendrickson: That's one of the segments that we're taking share in and growing and so if it's 5% that to use your number than I would expect to grow faster than 5%.
Gary Hendrickson: We tend to think about our entire basket when we give those numbers but it's probably acknowledged that TiO2 suppliers are out with the couple of nominated price increases and we expect to at least part of that will stick. And then the rest of it, is as we look forward if the economy starts to recover and we get supply and demand issues then we'll start to see some of that. And then the price accrued is persistently stuck at around $100 of barrel and that's driving some incremental inflation as well. So that's about as granular as I incur to get.
Gary Hendrickson: I think it's the latter. We're planning for that. Our first quarter was relatively weak. The growth rate in our consumer business slowed in the quarter. But we had, as I've said several times on these calls that our main barometer were how we think the Chinese market will do over the relatively near term are the feelings of our distributors at Huarun. We had a meeting with our Huarun distributors last week and they feel confident. They remain committed to their budget numbers for the year.
Gary Hendrickson: Yes, we are doing both of those of things and we're using Chinese TiO2 in a number of our businesses not all of them but a number. I'm satisfied that we're doing at least as well as the industry is in terms of substituting other materials for chloride TiO2 and sulfate grade Tio2 from China or Chloride grade. So we're pretty satisfied with our efforts there. Packaging volumes, the issue is North America and Europe. Our business in China was great. Our business in Latin America was very good. But the beverage volumes in Europe and North America are weak, weaker than we would expect them to be. And I think that that is a reflection of consumers who are a little bit tighter with their first rings at this point in the economy cycle and they typically are. I don't believe that it's structural. You're right. It's been about three quarters. But this has been a very steady business for us for a very long time. And the sly of weakness that we're seeing is a bit unusual. And I believe that it's tied to the recession.
Gary Hendrickson: Don, it's pretty early in the year. And we don't know how it will play out for the rest of the year. And as I said, we've got some challenges we think in some of our end markets. Raw material inflation is still uncertain. So the balance of all those things together will lead us to be maybe a little bit more cautious than you would have expected. There is one other factor which is the bond and the incremental interest expense that will be incurring for the remainder of the year which is in fact are going to do some of the models that are out there.
Gary Hendrickson: Sure. We're pleased with the progress that we've made against our plan in Wattyl, where if not ahead of plan we're certainly on our plan for where we expect it to be at this point in time. We didn't expect the housing market to be as weak as it is and so the volumes in the market are significantly weaker than we would have expected. But we're working our way through that. And we are sort of controlling the things that we can control in that respect. The joint venture Masters is the name of Lowe's joint venture. It appears to be doing extremely well. I think they have eight stores open. We want most of the shelf space in those stores with our Lowe brands and most stores are doing very well. So we wish the housing market were stronger but we're pleased with the progress that we've made and our restructuring at Wattyl and some of the new business initiatives that we have at Wattyl and we're very pleased with the success that we're having with Masters.
Gary Hendrickson: I think, we're in the right place. I mean our water headline is about China is about what's happening in Tier 1 cities where our end distributors were not distributing Tier 1 cities. We are in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. And the situation there is different than Tier 1. There is Tier 2 and 3 cities are still growing. So that's one factor. And there is a new Chinese initiative to stimulate first time home buyers and the lower end of the market. And that also is Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. And we're participating in that as well. So not that I think that, I think they feel that the Chinese government will manage through in a positive way. Inflation and growth and that we're placed in the right places in the country geographically.
Gary Hendrickson: We did not have the same effect in Q1, Chris, you're right we did in Q4. Volume growth and that was a North America phenomenon, last year. And our volume growth sequentially and North America was good. And what we expect for the remainder of the year in North America is that we're hopeful that we'll see growth. And we're planning for flat-to-low single-digit growth in North America. As I mentioned, our volumes in Australia were weak because of our housing market. And our volumes in China were weaker than we would have liked because of the slowing market there.
Gary Hendrickson: We may progress in Q1 in our coating segment. We did not make the progress that we had hoped in our paint segment and several of the significant channels in our paint segment we are still on active discussion with our customers about the need for more pricing. In coatings, in some of our product lines were substantially recovered and some of the smaller ones we still need some work.
Gary Hendrickson: Lori, may be able to get you the dollars, Saul. I know the percentage. The percentage in coatings was mid-single digits.
Gary Hendrickson: Yes, it was pretty much flat. You're talking about the number of stores that we had at the end of the year, Saul, most of those stores were loaded last year. And the sell through on those is what should drive our growth as we go through this year.
Gary Hendrickson: In some of our product lines, Saul, we still had some recovery to make. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks we think Q1 was the low point. We're starting to see raw material inflation hit again. And as that occurs we'll be having those conversations with our customers about passing that through the consumers or end users.
Gary Hendrickson: No it was three things, Saul, in terms of operating profit which is what we talked about on this call rather than gross margin. It was price cost. It was productivity. It was some new business. It was restructuring. And it was leverage on the expense line.
Gary Hendrickson: There is a difference between pricing momentum and price announcements. And I wouldn't say that there is momentum necessarily because the supply of TiO2 is long, a very long. The world is a washing TiO2. And so how these negotiations play out over the next several months is a still up in the air. And I'm not going to predict on this call.
Gary Hendrickson: I think we're about where we should be, roughly speaking, Bob, as we go into our second quarter and third quarter which are our highest volume quarters, we're going to get more operating leverage out of these businesses and they might expand somewhat. That's what they normally do. But I think, where we are right now is a reasonable place for us to be.
Gary Hendrickson: The ones that we've been talking about for a number of quarters now, Bob, the coil business is doing really well, particularly in Latin America. North America was good and Eastern Europe were growing in our coil business. At general industrial business I talked about the segments that were doing reasonably well earlier relative to the off road segments but we're doing well there. We're doing well in pipe coatings and we're doing we're doing well in container coatings and our powder coatings business was good. So a pretty broad spectrum of new business initiatives for us that are paying nice dividends for us.
Gary Hendrickson: It's a hard question to ask. I mean, normally you try to get the pricing in the off season for paints. That's the one your sort of generic comment that I'd make about it but with inflation as volatile as it's been over the last few years. I think some of the normal pricing dynamics have changed a bit, just in terms of timing and retail leadership et cetera.
Gary Hendrickson: I think we're holding our own. If you're talking about gaining share within the paint department there I'd just say that we're holding our own.
Gary Hendrickson: You're making assumption. I don't recall that we're saying that we were gaining share at Lowe's on one of these calls. So what we have been doing is changing our mix pretty substantially at Lowe's and selling our higher price point products. We drove consumers up to our high def paint and signatures is continues to do well. So we shifted our mix in that channel, but I think we've held our own in terms of market share over the last couple of years.
Gary Hendrickson: I think they are okay. I think they are in good shape as we go into the painting season. The industry will start to build inventory as we get closer to spring. Right now I would say they are in pretty good shape.
Gary Hendrickson: I tell you that our distributors are very excited about it. And they see it as a great complement to Huarun. So they have got the opportunity to sell to the Chinese consumer and wants a foreign brand at a high price point as well as the Chinese who are in. So we've got a number of retail stores opened in China now. They're doing particularly well. We have retail showroom in Shanghai. But as I said, Dmitry, this initiative we don't plan for this to move the dial for this year or probably for next year. It will be something that we roll out gradually over time. We're not investing a lot of Valspar money and our distributors are making the investments. But as I said, they're behind it and relative to the total company, it's not going to move the dial, but it's an exciting initiative for our distributors in China.
Gary Hendrickson: Well, we're growing with Masters. We have a number of other growth initiatives occurring in Wattyl. Dmitry, you might remember that we lost the budding business. So that set us back a little bit. That was about $30 million in business. And we tend to think of the business that we're winning at Masters as the offset to that. And a breakeven for that is probably the number of stores that might be opened by the end of this year for Masters. So that's how we're thinking about growth in that particular channel, the retail channel. But we sell through other channels and to drive market we sell through independent paint stores and we sell through our own stores. And we've got growth initiatives in place in both our stores business and our independent business. If we're successful in those, we're going to start to see growth even this year.
Gary Hendrickson: No, not significantly, but there was no plan to move it significantly in this year. We think about it in terms of a three-to-five year timeframe, Dmitry. And built into our guidance and our plans for the year, there wasn't a significant amount of improvement in the Wattyl business. If you do the math, it was 4% times $400 million was $16 million. So even if we improved it 4%, it's only $16 million in a $4 billion company. So we're not pushing those guys to do anything for the short term that would hurt us in the long term. So we're taking our time and we're making sure that we do things correctly.
Gary Hendrickson: We really won't know until the crops are in and harvested. We really don't get a point of view on this, Andrew, until late spring.
Gary Hendrickson: We think we'll get our fair share of that growth. We'll have to get back to you on what that number is and our plan for the next couple of years. But we will have to expand one of our plants in China to accommodate the growth that is occurring in China, and that is in our capital plan for the year. Lori talked about the $90 million plan. It's in that plan.
Gary Hendrickson: I'll only say that we're pleased with where we are particularly with the container business. At all of our businesses in Asia, this quarter performed reasonably well. Some performed very well. And we're expecting that we're going to have a good year, particularly in our industrial businesses. That could be a long conversation.
Gary Hendrickson: No, none that comes to mind, Mike. I think this quarter was a continuation of what we've been seeing and particularly in our industrial businesses for the last couple of quarters.
Gary Hendrickson: Well, it's a niche product and it's growing. Each week, it seems to get a bit stronger, but that's a niche product for us, Marie, at a very high price point for particular consumer segment.
Gary Hendrickson: I'll only be speculating on the second part, James. On the first part, as I mentioned, we grew nicely in our coil coatings business in Europe despite the market weakness. But our general industrial business was weaker than we would have liked, and our packaging businesses, et cetera, was a bit weak as well, particularly in beverage segment.
Gary Hendrickson: More or less, yes, I think that sounds right to me. I think China is growing double digits. Latin America may grow double digits, I would think at least high single digits. And Europe and the U.S. may remain weak. We'll just have to see how the year plays out.
Gary Hendrickson: Let me just say this. We're only six weeks away from the launch of our marketing for 2012. So I respectfully decline to answer your question. You'll just have to wait and see what we're doing this year.
Gary Hendrickson: I don't know what they'll say except to probably reiterate their longstanding position that it's safe. That being said, consumers may request that can makers make a change. And if they do that, we're fully prepared for that to happen with the technology that we have developed and commercialized in some cases and then on the shelf, so to speak, if we need to go in that direction.
Gary Hendrickson: As I understand, it's the sale of a whole division. So any talk about pieces rather would be just speculation.
Gary Hendrickson: Thanks for joining our call this morning, everyone. To summarize, we're off to a good start to the year. We see a number of challenges in our global markets, but we believe we can offset them with excellent execution and we raised our full year guidance to $2.92 to $3.12 per share. Thanks again for joining the call today and we look forward to updating you on our second quarter conference call in May.
Lori Walker: The main driver there is favorable FX and that's just from transaction. And I would imagine it would be roughly equal to last year slightly less. It's not a big number for us.
Lori Walker: Well, in terms of that debt repayment, you're correct. We would be paying down the bond that matures here in May. And then from a share repurchase standpoint, we've commented on numerous calls that our intent is to get guarantee that we offset dilution. Longer-term intent is to reduce our share count 2% a year. And we still have 7 million shares remaining under our authorization.
Lori Walker: Well, the options for us in terms of what we do with that cash is to use it for internal growth initiatives, paying dividends which you could expect us to do. Acquisitions and share repurchases were both an option. And then of course paying down debt, but the majority of our debt remaining would be commercial paper and it's at a relatively good rate. So we'll probably use our cash in other ways besides paying down debt.
Lori Walker: We haven't gone into any detail in terms of the savings other than to say that it's built into our guidance for the full year. And we still have summary structuring costs remaining that will flow in probably over the next couple of quarters.
Lori Walker: I actually don't even know the number. It certainly has helped us from the overall gross margin improvement, as Gary mentioned earlier in the conversation that those initiatives are helping us.
