Gary E. Hendrickson: Sure, Dmitry, it's Gary. Your first question. So I'll take your number of $0.20, and we'll work with that for a minute. $0.05 of it is tax, all right. As Jim mentioned, we're going to have a higher tax rate in the quarter than we expected and you probably modeled, so that's part of it. The rest of it is entirely sales-driven. When we adjusted our guidance after the first quarter, we expected that in Q3, Q4, we were going to see some recovery in international markets and in our GI business. I think Jim covered this in his prepared remarks. We didn't see that. We didn't see China strengthen to the extent that we expected. Our industrial business in China is still weak. And frankly, although our end had a good quarter this quarter, it's not up to the expectations that we had for Q3, and we don't think Q4 will be there either. Australia, we expected some recovery in the residential housing market in Australia. That has not happened. In fact, it's possible that, that market has gotten worse as the year has progressed. And both in my remarks and in Jim's remarks, we talked about the GI business and some of the segments that are weak there. So as you know from following the company for a while, that we've done a lot of work on our cost structure to develop operating leverage in the business. And so it doesn't take a lot or a huge sales miss in order to have an impact, disproportionate, possibly as you might look at it, disproportionate earnings miss. So that's it. It's all about that. It's all about sales in the fourth quarter that will not be where we expected them to be when we adjusted our guidance after Q1. With respect to your question about next year, I think both Jim and I made some comments about next year in our opening remarks and we're not here on this call to talk about guidance for next year. We'll do that in our fourth quarter. But I will say that I believe that we're set-up for a good year in 2014. So I'll just reiterate some of the things that I said in my introductory comments and Jim said as well. First is our U.S. business has been very strong this year. The housing market is recovering, construction spending is up and we have secured significant new business wins. Jim mentioned in the quarter that our volumes in the U.S. were up 10%, and for the year, they're up mid-single-digits. So we've got a lot of momentum in our U.S. business going into 2014. Second, our new business, the long-range plan -- the long-range businesses that we've talked about publicly particularly in our Paints segment, are on track. 2014 is the year that we go from investment to accretion in those businesses. We've invested significantly in those initiatives this year, prior to having the gross margin to support that full investment. Next year, that trend reverses itself and we start to see accretion from those investments. And as I mentioned, our net new business, we achieved our net new business targets in both our Coatings and our Paints segment in the quarter and have year-to-date and so that's momentum going into next year as well. We are starting with the restructuring that we announced in the second quarter and that will provide some tailwind to us going into next year. Inver, as Jim said, will provide about $0.10 of earnings accretion. And then, just like the opposite of the phenomenon that's we're experiencing this year with de-levering because our sales are not as strong as we expected, when these international markets and GI markets start to recover, we're going to get significant leverage out of that. So we're -- I think we're set up for a good year in 2014.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Just one other point on that, Dmitry. I think, we've got a sales – I mean we've had a sales mix issue all year long. The Private Label business, we've talked about some of the wins in packaging coatings being at the lower selling prices. But if you look at our margin rate in coatings, you'll see that, that's still good business. As Jim said, it just takes more of it to make up for the gaps that we've seen in some of the higher-priced, higher-margin segments that are weak this year.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, our customer, our big customer is managing their inventory extraordinarily well. They've got a great supply chain team and they're getting productivity on their inventory. The impact for us meant that year-over-year inventory is down about 10% in that channel. We are seeing strong sell-through. As I mentioned, mid-single-digit sales of Valspar products in that channel. And I think inventory today is appropriate for where it should be going into the remainder of the painting season. But there is a change year-over-year for us.
Gary E. Hendrickson: There's no profit leaking out. As we've talked before, Jeff, about our plans for the Inver acquisition. We're selling Private Label paint at Ace. We make virtually no money on that today. We've got to restructure our operations, which was the subject of the second quarter restructuring announcement that we made to get our cost structure to the point where that's a profitable business. The Ace business really becomes profitable for us when we start selling Valspar paint. And so that's one issue. So frankly, 0 incremental profit on the Private Label. And then, we are making investment ahead of sales in Europe, the B&Q initiative, we've only got 30 stores set but we've got a full team of people ready to roll out our program into the other 320 stores. And we have investments that we've made prior to the rollout of the Valspar [indiscernible] with Ace.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, it's 2 things. It's productivity programs that we're running continuously, Ghansham, and it is operating leverage on the increased volume.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Sure. B&Q is immaterial, really. It's only 30 stores and we may have even shipped that in the second quarter, I'm not sure, but it was a very small amount of paint. And with respect to the professional program at Lowe's, I would say that we've been in the stores now since April. We have our full team in the field now. Just recently, we completed the buildout of our team. And I would say, from my perspective, we're hitting our targets. We have internal targets and we have agreed targets and we're hitting those targets.
Gary E. Hendrickson: As I mentioned in my opening remarks, Dan, we're ahead of our internal targets for that. But we're not going to talk about that probably for a couple of quarters.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think about that in terms of price cost. And we're in reasonable shape in terms of price cost today. And I would expect that in the future, we'll be in a reasonable place with price cost. So that's not a top-of-mind worry for me.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Here's the simple way that I think about it, which I've said with my team here. B&Q right now, so 30 stores is nothing. It's less than 10% of what we're going to ship. And honestly, we could have shipped that paint in Q2 to get ready for it. So that had no impact in the quarter. However, 100% of the expenses that -- almost 100% of the expenses that we'll incur at terminal volumes are in the business today. And we have 0 gross margin from paint sales to support that expense. And so the way I think about this model is as we start shipping paint, we're going to earn gross margin and that expense delta to -- eventually, the lines are going to cross and we're going to start making money. Now keep in mind that B&Q is not the most significant of the profit drivers that we're looking forward to in 2014. Essentially, B&Q is going to be slightly better than breakeven in 2014, if I remember right. We start making money in B&Q in '15. That's why in our opening remarks we called out '15 as the year when all these initiatives are fully realized. The other 2 key initiatives in our consumer paint business will be profitable in '14.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, the second part of it, Bob, has to be agreed and all those things are still working. But I think if you look at the price points that we have in our independent channel, the distribution that we have in our independent channel, it would be similar to those price points. With respect to Private Label, the way we bid was private label is low margin and we -- in order to achieve that low margin, we've got to complete the restructuring actions that we announced in Q2. So as those things happen, and they started and are on track, but as those cost reductions are realized, then we start making money on the Private Label business. Tyler will help you privately model that a little bit better.
Gary E. Hendrickson: The return -- if you just isolated the Private Label business from the branded business, the Private Label business would be good business for us. It is not -- we didn't sell our souls to the devil on the Private Label business to win a contract on the branded business.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Good question, Nils. There's 2. So heavy equipment. There's agricultural equipment, and then there's off-road, so that's mining, construction, et cetera. The weakness that we're experiencing in our business is in the latter, not so much in the former. And our business is heavily skewed towards the latter, not the former. So if you thought about cyclical versus secular, we think it's a cyclical -- this is a cyclical trend that we're in. We've been here before and we've always come out of it. The one place where you might -- some people might disagree with that would be in the mining equipment space. If you believe that growth in China is permanently at -- reset at a lower rate and Johnny doesn't need iron ore and other materials to keep building, then you could argue that it's secular. But where we are and where our customers are and our customers -- our big customers have been very transparent about this, is that this is a cyclical trend, not a structural one.
Gary E. Hendrickson: We're going to give annual guidance. And Charlie, the -- we're still going to grow in our fourth quarter. We're going to have nice growth in our fourth quarter. This is going to be a record year for Valspar, on the top line and earnings. It's just not going to be the record that we expected it to be. And if you think about the size of our company and what our revenue miss will be in the fourth quarter, while it's disappointing, I think I've explained that with the leverage that we have in our operations today, it doesn't take much of a revenue miss to come up with a significant earnings miss. And that fundamentally is the issue. So we had -- what we didn't expect in the third quarter, back to your question about our optimism, we didn't expect the inventory destocking that we've seen. We -- our customers believe that the -- particularly in off-road, believe that sell-through was occurring. In fact, what was happening is that dealers were destocking inventory and manufacturers were destocking inventory. And this is, I think, a global phenomenon in that market. And that is the fundamental thing that we didn't anticipate. We also did, and I'll say this, we did believe the rhetoric that China was going to get better. We did believe that with the new leadership in China, there would be stimulus that was pumped into the economy that would make the Chinese economy stronger than it has been. Not -- so those are the -- and if you parse the mess, those are the 2 fundamental drivers of the mess. But in terms of annual guidance, we're going to give it and we're going to get close to it.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, at least through the first half of next year, as most of the new business wins that we've won, David, have come in the second half this year. So but our long-term view on our packaging coatings business is very bullish. We have an opportunity, as we -- particularly as this non-BPA market continues to grow, we have an opportunity to become more significant in a couple of key markets where we don't believe that we have our fair share, and those are Europe and in Asia. So this business has traditionally grown at 2x the market rate. I think, if you went back over 10 years and looked at our packaging coatings business, that's been our history, we're the global leader, we have more infrastructure, both in terms of technology resources, tech service resources and regulatory resources than any of our competitors, and we expect to keep winning in this business.
Gary E. Hendrickson: We don't have -- I don't know. We tend to think about it in terms of comps. So strength -- so I don't know the volume number. But we thought that we would have comps in the sort of low single-digits, 2%, 3%, 4%, we're experiencing better than that at the moment.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, that's probably true for off-road container, it's at the bottom. Containers are at the bottom. I think, Steve, I think, last year, we were supplying 7 plants at this time; today, we're supplying 1, and the reason is the other 6 are not operating. So there are very, very few shipping containers being manufactured in China today. That obviously is not going -- a situation that will not persist for too much longer, I wouldn't think, since global trade continues, ships -- shipping containers wear out, they get washed overboard, the industry will need more shipping containers. When that happens and how much inventory there is, I don't know. But we're not going to stay where we are indefinitely.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, Dmitry, it's Jim. I'd answer that from the perspective of our expectations for the back half of the year as we exited Q2 had significant increases in sales based on the new business wins that we've been talking about all year long, plus the recovery in the markets that Gary mentioned. So from a sales expectation standpoint, we were expecting much higher sales. We also were expecting an appropriate margin rate that was going to go along with those sales. So as I look at where Q3 landed and what we expect for Q4, our margin expectations versus our internal plans really haven't changed that much between Q3 and Q4. Really, our miss versus our expectations is primarily sales-driven, as Gary mentioned. So we're not seeing any big surprises on the margin line. It's just that the businesses that we're selling through based on their current margin profile are lower than what some of our historical businesses have been. It's still very profitable, but we do not have a margin issue this year versus our plan. Our issue was top line-orientated.
James L. Muehlbauer: Correct. It takes more profit volume from the lower margin lines to make up for those gaps. And once again, we know those markets are going to turn around eventually, because structurally, we've not lost business in those spaces. And we're expecting certainly a long-term profile of growth in many of those markets, especially GI, with good customers and good markets like China to recover.
James L. Muehlbauer: Well, you're right. I think the interest rate in Australia now is 2.5%, down from something like 7%. So the government is doing everything they can to stimulate the housing market. But the housing market is still bad. Kevin, we get Australian Paint Manufacturer Federation data, which is the actual volumes of paint that are sold by all the paint manufacturers in the Australian market, and that data last quarter said that trade volumes, that's professional painters' volumes, were down 8% to 9% on the previous year. So hopefully, we're at the bottom and some of the moves that the government is making to stimulate homeownership will take hold, but we can't count on that. We're going to run our business the way that we think is appropriate. And for us, that meant pretty dramatic, and over the last couple years, a pretty dramatic restructuring of the business to get the cost structure right. We lost some market share in that process. We've talked about that previously, that was the right thing to do for the long term. Where we sit today, it's a business that has the appropriate cost structure; that is winning in the retail marketplace, that means with the big box masters and independent trade stores, or independent paint stores and hardware stores, that's our retail market there, and that business is doing well; and the stores business that has the right cost structure and when it grows, we're going to get significant operating leverage out of that cost structure. Jim said and I said in my opening remarks that we saw some incremental improvement in our stores business in the quarter, that's encouraging. As that continues and as the market recovers, we're going to see a pretty significant earnings drive out of the actions that we've taken. But I can't call the market. I mean, I don't know. I would only be speculating. To answer your question directly, I would only be speculating as to what's going to happen in Australia.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, our outlook on that, Kevin, hasn't changed at all. Raw materials in the quarter were down modestly. We've looked at the different parts of the raw material portfolio, and as always, there's different moving pieces, but our view on that for the year really hasn't changed at all. We've pretty much been on our mark.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, it's essentially the same mix of business as Gary's discussed, the Private Label mix of product, the cost of raw materials that go into that product line, plus the commodity trends that we have seen in the business have also impacted the mix of what's hitting the cost of goods sold line.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, the benefit we get from B&Q next year, Bob, is that we just don't -- when it compares to the results for this year, we don't have the drag of the upfront investment for the same magnitude. So Gary is right, expecting essentially a breakeven performance next year but that's coming off of a year where we purposely made investments to grow that business for the long term.
James L. Muehlbauer: It's just that the upfront volume that we're selling, based on our agreed price with Ace and the current infrastructure that's in place, basically doesn't allow us profit margin. As we make those restructuring efforts that Gary talked about, we get to a profit margin in the Private Label business that's commensurate with what we expect the Private Label product to have in the marketplace.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, John, it's Jim. There's a couple components, if you recall, in the SG&A, that are masking some of the cost increases and I tried to refer to this in my comments. Two specific things that I would point out is that given our updated view of expected performance for the year, you would expect that we have been truing up our bonus and incentive expectations commensurate to that performance. So we're seeing lower bonus expense versus last year flow through the SG&A line, which is masking part of it. The other thing we've talked about in previous calls is that we've got some geographic changes between expense and gross margin related to programs that we had in place historically to support advertising spend with our big box customers. So while that had no impact to the bottom line, it results in basically a little lower SG&A expense this year than last year. So if I look at that, it's basically a re-class item plus the lower incentive comp, that's masking any increases that Gary talked about in the go-forward investments that we're making behind Ace, Lowe's Pro and B&Q.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, I think, there's combination of both. I would put more of them in the -- I'd say about 60% of it in the camp that's going to be ongoing for sure that we just need the volume and margin dollars to come along with. Certainly, the beginning expenses for some of the manufacturing efforts we're doing and things of that nature will be one-off in nature.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, so appreciate the question and the follow-up if there's confusion there. So I'd probably start with an umbrella view that we're going to make money in the Private Label business and the branded business for Ace, and we're very confident about that model. The way it works from a phasing perspective is essentially we're starting by selling in the Private Label business and then obviously we're going to be selling in the Valspar business. From a cost prospective, what we announced at the time of the Ace transaction was the fact that we were going to be restructuring some of their supply chain and manufacturing operations. We are in the process of doing that already. When we get that work done this year, we'll have a cost structure that allows us to make a nice margin on the Private Label business. So our comments this morning have really been focused on the temporal investments that we've had to make this year as part of the transition in acquiring those assets and the rationalization process that we're going through.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, there's a couple of -- Charlie, it's Jim. There's a couple of things that we'll learn from that, and we'll get more visibility as we go through the fourth quarter, along the lines of how the Valspar paint program at Ace works for instance. But if you helicopter up and look at the margins, to your point, in the paint business. Year-over-year, we're expecting margins in the paint business to be essentially flat. That's after growing 100-odd basis points last year. So given the influx that we've had this year of the Private Label volume with Ace and the startup expenses, to be sitting here at year-end, our expectation is to be flat year-over-year in EBIT margins, we feel good about that. We had expected more because of more top line growth. As we get into next year and we see more profitable volume coming through the Ace business based on the branded sales as we get leverage on the investments that we've made for B&Q and Lowe's Pro and things of that nature, we're looking for next year to be a year of expanded operating margins in the paint business. So I'd say our 2-year view of the business margins are still the same. It's just going to be a little choppier to get there where we've seen the back half of this year fall off from a volume perspective.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, we'll lay that out at a later date. But you would imagine it would go up. I don't imagine, I know it will go up, based on the full year realization of synergies that we'll have going in 2015 and before, not only from the Inver business and those back-end savings that we expect to generate but also getting the full year benefit from the European restructuring actions. So in this market, given how the market performed and we performed this year, we've been taking actions to improve the cost structure for the long term. You saw us in Q2 announce important restructuring actions based on what we were able to do with the Ace business and restructure our North American business, we're doing the same thing now in Europe. We're encouraged that Europe feels like it's starting to stabilize from our standpoint. Certainly, Giovanni and the Inver team have done a fabulous job of growing that business during the last 4 or 5 years, so we're very encouraged around what the scale and leadership of that team can bring to our European operations in total. So we expect Inver is going to provide us benefits above and beyond just the Inver business, but just our European business in total over the next several years. And we have time for one last question.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, it's Jim. I would tell you, helicoptering up from a container business perspective in the overall impact for the company, it's not just that material until we get the future growth that Gary talked about. If you're looking in the off-road segment, we've actually seen declining comps all year long. But they've gotten -- they've improved as the year's progressed. So we'll anniversary a good chunk of the declines through the first half of next year.
