Christopher Connor: Yes. You know, Kevin, we're pretty consistent about not really pointing to weather as an indicator of any business trends. We commented that March was a much better weather month than previous Marchs and certainly February and January were worse. So all in, we would expect that there was very little weather in the first quarter.
Christopher Connor: The price increases, Kevin, that we announce for the architectural businesses through our stores group were in a range of 3-5% depending on costumer segment and product SKU, none of that was in the first quarter and we’re just now beginning to see the effects of that roll out. Our expectations are that the pricing activity is well behaved as they have historically in the past. We would expect to have, you know some significant percentage of that, realized the next couple of quarters. And then over the remainder of the 12 to 18 months to roll this out would probably get up to about 75% implementation. We don't give guidance per line through the course of the year, so there's not a gross margin guidance number that we're giving at this point in time. I think it’s phased into the overall earnings guidance that we're providing.
Christopher Connor: Yeah. Kevin, there was - there was a broad variety of products launched, there were no standouts in terms of major contributors to their volume growth, typically in a year, they'll have introduced a pretty broad range of new products. Bob Wells:   So, you shouldn't correspondingly see the drop off of that, these are not huge selling items.
Christopher Connor: Yeah, PJ. The new markets that we will be adding stores in are really broad based across the whole stores platform which would include United State, Canada and the Caribbean. As you know, we've shared with the investment community that we have opportunities in Canada, in the western half of United State for a little bit more rapid expansion, and these new stores are coming in that area as well. And then we also have, every market still has fill-in opportunity, so I think the broad base of store growth throughout the course of this year will be throughout all those geographies.
Christopher Connor: Yes, we are. If you look at our DSO was very good in the first quarter but you can see the absolute dollars of our receivables were also higher so we are seeing activity.
Christopher Connor: Sure. I think a lot of that effort again is through our stores group and particularly as the new residential market has softened, we've been able to shift some of our resources and direct our sales force and others to focus on calling on those contractors that do more of the residential repaint, which would include some of the foreclosure activity. I think in my comments PJ, I indicated that was one of the strong areas for the company in the quarter and we saw nice lift in that space. So, I think we’re beginning to make progress there. 
Christopher Connor: Hopefully, Dennis, and when we talked about the residential repaint and the commercial repaint segments being up in the first quarter, that’s exactly what we’re talking about.
Christopher Connor: Yes, Don, I think the 600 million gallons for the year might be a tad aggressive from what we're thinking right now. As you know the year ended at 550 and a few, and a normalized year would be 1 to 2% gallon increase, so if we run at a 3% to 4% or even a 5% gallon increase, that would be a nice rebound, that would take us about halfway from 550 to 600, so that number seems a little bit of a stretch to get there. And don't forget that, you know, when we're having a normalized year of 1 to 2%, that's what the commercial new construction market behaving normally which is not, so have some head's win on that, I think the rebound and the repaint cycles will left it, higher than the normal run rate, and the 600 seems a little bit of a far outreach at this point.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I think the market has got to run at a higher rate for a couple of years, just to get back on normal footings, so if we ran at 3 to 4% gallon growth this year. I think we could expect to do that again, and you know, 11 and maybe even if it's 12 or 13, and you know the housing market needs to come back up to north of a million new starts to sustain what our country will need. Commercial construction won't stay down forever like it is today. So I think it's a couple of good years here that we could be heading into.
Christopher Connor: You know, Don, we don't really share that, but I would just probably guide you to take a look of what happened between 2002 and 2007. And in the short term we actually think the flow through and the EPS growth would be slightly higher than what we're able to do in that time period.
Christopher Connor: Yes, the quarter for those guys is relatively flat, we made the comment that the number of retailers you know, it's kind of a mixed bag. Some are doing okay, some are struggling a little bit. You know, the architectural paint brands in that group obviously are the largest ones and kind of track right in line with the performance for the group. Our Thompson and Minwax brands don't tend to be heavy first quarter products anyway, so we will see how they start to unfold in the second quarter. Bob was clarifying our comments relative to some new product placements and a lot of a non-paint brands like our putty brushes and spray-ons [ph] saw some nice placements of some new SKUs. So overall they are doing about the same and slightly better and we will see how the year unfolds.
Christopher Connor: Yes and yes, there's a lot more activity that they are seeing relative to the last couple of years and I would think that quite a number of them are starting to bring on you know part time and casual labor to help round out their repaint businesses.
Christopher Connor: We get very little impact on March through restocking whether, you know, the costumer segment through our stores doesn't stock. So that's not a factor there. And the retailing partners that we are privilege to do business with, they are all pretty savvy operators and keep those inventory levels at the appropriate amounts and expect us to be the backstop so they don’t have to “restock.” I don’t think any of the March lift was on restocking.
Christopher Connor: Yes, Mike. The principal drivers that we watch are occupancy rates and specifically retail and office space occupancy rates which declined to almost an all time low in 2009 and in some segments and at particularly apartment buildings it’s starting to rise now and most of the forecast say that all three of those categories, apartment, office and retail, should rise some by the end of the year, but they have got a long ways to come back before you are going to see any meaningful building. 
Christopher Connor: Very good, thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. We greatly appreciate your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams. We look forward to seeing many of you on May 6 here in Cleveland at our Annual Financial Community Presentation. And in the meantime, I will be available all afternoon to take your calls for follow up question as they arise. Thanks again for joining us today.
Christopher Conner: You know Jeff, the only way we can buy stock between the end of the year and prior to when we release earnings and actually three days after we release earnings, we’re locked out. We consider ourselves locked out just like an inside would be because we don’t buy. The only time we do is occasionally. When we think something abnormal is going to occur we will put in 10b5-1 Plan that allows us also to buy through the blackout as a company. So the answer is, during this, we’d adopt [ph] one of those in place, so therefore, no, we haven’t bought any stock between month end and now. I would tell that our stock repurchase when you look at this price, we still think that when we take a look at it, the stock we’ve purchased over the last ten years and prior to that has all been accretive. We think that we buy the stock on a long term basis and I guess I would just say, last year in the first quarter we bought 500,000 shares, this year we bought 400,000, at the end of the year, we had bought 9 million shares, so as produce cash throughout the year, we are going to be looking for acquisitions just like we did last year, and void of acquisitions, we are going to be buying stock but the one thing I would tell you is there is remote chance that we will have cash on our balance sheet at the end of the year, in a greater amount than we do today last year end. 
Christopher Conner: We don’t comment on any prospective deals that we may be working on. I think we have shared with the investment community that we have an appetite for expanding our industrial products, primarily outside of North America. That would include Asia Pacific. I would remind the investors that the Sayerlack acquisition that we just completed in the industrial wood finishes complements the Inchem acquisition we made about a year and a half ago in Asia which was an industrial wood finishing product. And to the extent that there are more bolt ons in that part of the world, we would be interested in them.
Christopher Conner: Not good. New construction has essential come to a standstill. We don’t think there is a major mall under construction anywhere in the United States. Occupancy rates are not good either which limits the tenant improvement and buildout types of expenditures that we would see, and I think the guidance that we have been giving throughout the last three or four quarters has been that the declining commercial market that we saw last year I think was often the high 40% and is likely to taken another turn down in 2010. So all the guidance we are giving is predicated on a very soft commercial market for this year, both new and repaint.
Christopher Conner: Yes, I think on the OEM side, Chuck, that’s looking at a little bit better. We saw a little life in that business in the first quarter, and the prospects in meeting with these customers, is they're feeling much better about the coming year.  The protective and marine which you know, fit some of the industrial markets for us as well also saw a little bit of a life on the repaint cycle, so those markets where people are required to maintain properties as we've talked about in the past has got an infinite ability to put that off, so that's coming back a little bit as well.  The new component on the industrial commercial side, we just talked, with Sergey’s comments are hurting that business a little bit. So, all in I'd say both the protective and marine on the OEM finishes are looking little better to us now than they were say three, four months ago.
Christopher Conner: There's going to be a dozen closures, plus or minus, maybe a little higher than that number so the net should somewhere in the 30 to 45 range, you know. It's a hard number to peg when you're closing stores because you got lease issues to get through as well, but I think that's pretty much where we are going to end up.
Christopher Conner: That’s correct, John. These are still some of the acquired stores from the earlier part of the last decade that we are getting to and the reason, the tail on that is that a number of these locations require in their lease language that we are not allowed to close during the term of a lease. So as the leases expire, we are able to get out of these last few stores. And I don’t think there is a lot of upside to the gross store number that we are talking about, it takes a period of time to negotiate real estate locations, then the permitting, and build out et cetera, we’ve got a pretty good visibility into what that number is going to be by year end. I think our expectations are that for the year that’s the right number and we will probably be ramping up slightly into the 11 and 12 period as the market continues to rebound. 
Christopher Conner: Yes, well, as you know the company does not have a significant non-domestic revenue stream, maybe 15% of our revenues and Latin America accounts for two-thirds of that. Our Chinese business would primarily be servicing the OEM customers, we discussed that on one of the earlier questions, that that business is starting to pick up but again it's a very small base, not a lot to move the needle. We have a small architectural business in India, that too is doing well, so really all, as we said, across segments and geographies in that global group, we are moving in the right direction. 
Christopher Conner: There certainly will be an increase in market volume, as Chris indicated earlier, it's going to be probably very modest, so the pressure would be light. 
Bob Wells: I think when you take a look at it, the acquisition will be between 1.5% and 1.7% in both locations and I think price, when it comes to price and volume, I think Chris said it, we do expect a little more price than we did, but we still expect more volume for the year than we did at the last call, but we don’t really have a break up for you.
Bob Wells: I think on the, first of all, on the pricing, let’s remember that it takes us a while to get this in. we are talking about an architectural price increase on the architectural business through stores. The other price increases that we effected January 1 were already baked in. So I think your estimate about what the price impact is going to be in the year is a little high. We have definitely moved our volume expectations up in providing this new guidance.
Bob Wells: Up slightly. As Chris mentioned, we did raise prices on January 1 on some products, but when you take a look at it, very little.
Bob Wells: All those segments were better. I would say the real driver was the architectural businesses throughout Latin America.
Bob Wells: Yes, that's clearly we're looking at in this environment right now, John. We think actually new construction has shrunk below kind of a more sustainable historic run rate, it’s typically in the 15% range. It actually got north of 20 and up into the mid 20s and now we think it's running about 10 to 11. So we’re probably below where we ought to be but clearly repaint becomes a bigger portion of the market and that would be the driver for this year.
Bob Wells: Yes, I think if you noticed we don't give you any type of a range on sales but we did give you a range and with this volume and you know even with the acquisition, with the volume and the amount of price we get there, we have a $0.15 differential range really dealing with mostly the gross margin. So even if we look at what we think could be the low end of the gross margin, we feel we are at the low at the range and so that give us the confidence to put the range out there like we did. 
Sean Hennessy: You know, we expect that over the next two quarters of absorbed cash, I would say that it will be a use of cash in the fourth quarter, but not as great as it has for the full year, we've still expect it to be slightly use of cash.
Sean Hennessy: And I guess I will just go back to the prior question, when we look at the flow through percentages and what we have been able to do over the years and then plus what we did to our company to right size the company like closing facilities and closing stores, when you look at the incremental gallons that Chris just mentioned, we feel we are going to do a nice job of bringing those to the bottom line.
Sean Hennessy: Good morning. EricEric Bosshard – Cleveland Research Company: In terms of the stores business, I think the margins expanded in the second half of last year, was down double digit comps, and in the first quarter the margins were actually down, less worse comps, can you help explain if there’s anything to learn or understand better in terms of why the margins got a little bit worse while the sales got a little bit better in the stores business. 
Sean Hennessy: I would tell you that this one I think is going to act pretty much the same as in prior years. You know, the interesting thing is, I would tell you, the one little thing that is little different this time is the staging. I think that used to, we were in all segments and all different product lines, we were pretty consistent or in a very small band when we put them in. Chris did mention we did take some products up January 1, so -- and you know, but most of them April 1. So, will see how that's affects it.Eric Bosshard – Cleveland Research Company: Thank you.
