Allen Mistysyn: Sure, Ghansham. This is Al Mistysyn. I would start by talking about U.S. and Canada stores continue to be the primary driver of our sales growth. And in the past, as we've talked about guidance, we've always talked about that group being in the high end of our guidance. So you expect them to be in the high end of that mid to high single-digits. As you know, we announced the 3% to 5% price increase effective October 1. And through the first four months of that, we're seeing effectiveness that's similar to what that we've seen in the price increase in December. From a volume standpoint, I think, across the company, we're going to see low single-digit volumes across each of the groups and, I would say even in consumer. I think we're optimistic about consumer coming off a pretty soft year. We have better comparables. We have some good momentum in different pieces of our business, and we do expect to turn around there. And then, I think, price should be approximately 2%. And then the last thing would be, FX really has no impact on sales planned. Ghansham, while we're talking about guidance, I'd like to talk about our EPS guidance also. So the midpoint of our core EPS guidance is an increase of 20% versus - excluding acquisition-related costs versus pro forma full year 2017 results. In 2018, we're seeing incremental raw material inflation. Our interest expense is increasing on the Valspar acquisition debt and on our core Sherwin debt as we've increased our liquidity sources. We're more than offsetting these headwinds with incremental synergies of $140 million to $160 million expected to come into our P&L, a reduction in the effective tax rate that we talked about on the prepared comments, but we're taking an opportunity here to take a portion of those savings and reinvest them back in our business for future growth. We'll take the same robust and prudent approach to investments that we do with - through our normal operations, but we do believe it's an opportunity to help accelerate our growth going into the future. And I believe this puts us on a path to achieving the 2020 financial target that we set at the investor community.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Ghansham. Last year, the story was a little simpler because most of the inflation was behind TiO2. This year, we expect pressure across multiple raw material categories. Crude oil is up 55% to 60% year-over-year. A January spike in propylene pricing due to supply constraints has been in the $0.05 to $0.08 per pound. We expect additional risk to propylene in February. This takes a little while to work its way through the acrylic chain, but it's already affecting product categories like solvents and packaging. We do also expect continued TiO2 supply constraint, and it's resulted in our first quarter 2018 price announcement or price nomination by all the global producers. Higher year-over-year - high-density poly propylene pricing is already affecting our packaging costs. And then in the first half, we commented that inflation could be higher in the first half. That's simply due to last year's raw material inflation trajectory. Comparisons were - pricing was lower in the first half, higher in the second. So comparisons get easier as we go through this year, but as we said, we expect average for the year to be in the 4% to 6% range, and it's across a lot of different categories. 
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, that's a great observation, and we are excited about kind of bringing what the call best practices to all of our businesses around the world. Our leader, Ed Lorber, was just in China last week, a terrific leader. We're working on the transfer of that knowledge from our company to that business. We have a lot of those dealers surprisingly as I've gotten to know them, many of them has actually traveled to the U.S. to visit our stores trying to get an understanding of what we do and how they might transfer. So they're very receptive to that. As I said, many of them spend their own money trying to get here to see it themselves. So we're excited about bringing some of that best practice. We know that what works in the U.S. doesn't necessarily work everywhere, but we also know that what works in the U.S. might work other places. So we're not limited by if it works here, it has to be there. We're going to do what's right for every market.
Allen Mistysyn: And Chris, on the pricing actions, yes, we will chase price in 2018, but we believe the effectiveness that seeing is going to be very good. And the reason part of why we believe that is although paint is a small portion of the cost of a customer's product, but it's an important part of it. Imagine looking at a Caterpillar tractor. The performance of that product is very important. So we believe we're going to get the price, but we're going to be chasing it throughout 2018.
Allen Mistysyn: So I'll take the first part on our ability to participate. One, I do believe, or we do believe that the industry will continue to consolidate. And when you look at our debt-to-EBITDA leverage at the end of 2017, we're around 4.1. Our expectation for that leverage at the end of 2018 will be around 3. So I believe that gives us flexibility, particularly in the second half of 2018, to pursue a strategic acquisition and one that fits our portfolio very well.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Rob. Bob. The speed that we get is by vetting out the project and really validating the fact that we're going to see those benefits to the P&L. So it is going through each group, Performance Coatings Group and Consumer Brands Group being the largest that are impacted by the acquisition. It's also through corporate. And one of the ways we see the improvements is through system implementations. And as we've been able to turn some systems on as of January 1, we've vetted those savings and gave us the confidence to put them into our run rate and into what we expect in the P&L for 2018.
Allen Mistysyn: We are continuing to evaluate what aspects of our business would make sense in every market. I think it's important, as I said, not to just assume because it works here that, that it'll work everywhere, nor assume that it works here so it can't work somewhere else. We're really trying to be very diligent in our research to understand what elements, what products, what technologies. We want to bring everything we can to the market to really differentiate ourselves in that market. By the way, I'm going to steal that. I like that ultimate mousetrap approach, too. We're going to brand our team with that, Bob. Thank you.
Allen Mistysyn: On the synergies, the $106 million was a run rate synergy that we talked about that the beginning of the closing of the acquisition. We increased that to $160 million at the end of the third quarter, on our third quarter call. And now we're seeing that we actually have a run rate synergy number of $230 million coming out of 2017. As far as the run rate and the P&L, what we've realized in the seven months in the P&L is about $60 million. We've talked about $50 million. The actual number is about $60 million. It's hard to say - to give you, hi, we think we've got $8 million or $10 million a month. That'll change as new projects come online, as systems get implemented and the timing of those get to be hard to predict. That's why I probably - I want to be caution about getting you are run rate coming out of the year knowing that there is variability in the timing going forward. But you would expect, as the year goes on, our run rate in the month would increase as the year goes on. The other comment you talked about cost to achieve. The $200 million in cost of achieve was really what we're trying to get accomplished through the end of 2018. So from June 1 through the end of 2018, we're trying to get us much as much of the integration and the cost of achieve behind us. In 2017, the actual impact of cost to achieve were about $127 million. And we have in our forecast or our guidance for 2018 another $100 million. So that's where you get $227 million.
Allen Mistysyn: We're still analyzing the impacts as we go through the interpretations on the effective tax rate. That's why we talked about the '18 guidance, we have low to mid-20s on our effective tax rate. And along with that, there is a benefit that we'll get in our cash taxes, and we're just - we're still, like I said, walking through that. But we would expect to see a benefit our cash related to the lower rates.
John Morikis: Yes, Tom. On the first part, and I'll pass it off to Al after the raw material question, but on the first part, the TiO2 increases that we saw last year affected mostly the architectural paint businesses, which are mostly in The Americas. This year, with more pressure behind the petrochemical side of the basket, it is going to affect the industrial coatings categories as well. And so I would look for raw material pressure across the entire business this year. 
John Morikis: Yes. I'd add to that, that the – if you look at the core business, to Al's point about the Valspar business, if you look at our core, SW consolidated gross margins, we're only down 80 basis points for the year, and then we're up 10 basis points in the fourth quarter. We wouldn't have been able to do that if we weren't able to achieve the pricing. So to Al's point, the Valspar pricing initiatives that we've been talking about basically since we closed, we said that was going to take six to nine months. It's actually tracking exactly as we have expected. We're starting – in the fourth quarter, we started to see the pricing move in, and we expect now, as we've changed the calendar first of the year, that more and more of that is going to roll in. So it's actually going exactly as we projected. 
John Morikis: Yes, we've been talking about sometime about the initiatives that we've had as far as growing share of wallet with our existing customers as well as opening new accounts, not only to overcome the comps, but also the point that you made a little bit later in your question about labor, making sure that we are filling that pipeline with enough new business to offset that. For the most part, I would say, I think we commented on this in the last quarter, in some of the metro markets, it's diminished a bit, the restraint on labor. But for the most part, we continue to see the same labor issues continue throughout the market. In fact, I might say that on the residential side, we're starting to see a bit of a backup in projects as labor for that side of the business has also become a bit tighter.
John Morikis: No. Steve, not anything to speak of. The wallpaper industry is one that has always cycled. I don't think that right now, we're experiencing much change at all. In fact, I'd say, through the blessing of many of the TV programs and shelter magazines that are out there, we actually like the frequency in which people are repainting. So we sell wall-covering, if it moves in that direction, we'd benefit from that. But right now, it seems to be more on the paint side, and we enjoy that.
John Morikis: Thank you, Chris. I'll take the first piece. Allen then maybe you can talk about the pricing. Regarding your question, Chris, about trends and what we're seeing, we are really excited. I mentioned in my earlier remarks about the opportunity to leverage the resources that we have now as a combined business. So Valspar's business in coil it was very good, very strong, terrific relationships and wonderful technology. We're really, I think, finding the sweet spot as we're working with our customers in our ability to respond quickly with small batch quick turnaround utilizing our facilities that are spread out throughout the world, primarily in the U.S., but we have them around the world. That gives us an opportunity to take care of their immediate demands just in time as well as continuing to provide them with the technologies that they've gotten to know over the years. Very well received by the customers, and we're excited about the future, being able to leverage that.
John Morikis: And as you would expect, we're not waiting for that point in time, Chris, to begin looking. Our teams are constantly revisiting what those opportunities might be. We look at geographic opportunities, we look at technology opportunities. And so to your question about, are we interested in enhancing or broadening our future opportunities through acquisition, the answer is definitely yes.
John Morikis: So on the first part of that question, Don, on the price increase that we have put in place as of October 1, we currently believe that it's sufficient to cover the raw material costs that we currently see. We monitor that on a monthly basis, and as we see movement, we evaluate whether another price increase is required, and we'll continue to do that throughout the first quarter and the rest of the year.
John Morikis: And our expectations will continue to be that same rate of growth, 1.5 times to 2 times over the market.
John Morikis: No, Don. There wasn't any loss. And I'll remind you, you know from last year, or this past year, as we've been talking about consumer and the weakness in consumer's really coming for many, many points. There's not a one area that we would to. Clearly, a challenging year. I might add, clearly not happy with that performance. But we also know that the comparisons in the fourth quarter, we're going - and we knew it was going to be a little more difficult, and we had to load in some of the business that went last year. And you're right. We had a lot of customers that were adjusting inventory appropriately so. As we look forward, though, and Al let mentioned about the opportunity in gallons, we're really excited about the team that we have here and the discipline that they have. We think the combined assets and brands that we have are very strong, and we're having wonderful conversations right now with our customers who are eager to grow. And so we having, we think, meaningful discussions about how we can help them reach their goals. So as we enter into 2018, it's with a lot of determination. We think we've got some momentum here that will show up here hopefully as the year proceeds and into 2018.
John Morikis: Yes, there are a number of initiatives, none of which we really want to lay out. But when we talk about the fact that we've got a little confidence in fields that we have momentum, we are determined. And we don't think just doing the same thing over and over is going to change things. So yes, a lot of considerations that we have on the table, but as you would expect, we don't want to flush those out publicly here right now.
John Morikis: No, just like I opened with my comments on the first question, we absolutely are going to take the opportunity to reinvest a portion of those savings back into our businesses for future growth. And it's - we're looking at opportunities across all of our segments. And as I talked about, we'll go through the processing – robust process that we do with our other investments, but we view this as a real opportunity to accelerate our future growth.
John Morikis: The way our synergies are flowing our – it's really in both our core and our core Sherwin and in our Valspar, but they would be embedded in any actual results that we report.
John Morikis: Yes, Kevin, you can imagine, as we consolidate the operations, as we consolidate departments, it's harder and harder to just separate the two between Valspar and the core Sherwin.
John Morikis: Yes. We have talked about, we're not going to recover the raw material costs that we saw in 2018 and didn't get price for in a one-year window. So it is going to take us a little bit of time to recover those margins back to the way they were. That being said, we've talked about an increased run rate synergy number, both for the 230 at the end of 2017, and we increased our target run rate synergy for the end of 2018. We're going to recoup some of those that – recoup some of that margin in the increased synergies that we're going to see through the P&L. But if – absent synergies, we're going to be chasing the margin for a little bit of time here.
John Morikis: I think your volume is going to be a little bit more than half of that 2, and then the rest will be price.
John Morikis: So if you look at Southwestern division, they were up double digits in the quarter, and Southeastern division was up high single-digits. Now what I'd also point out to is that those sales growth numbers in both of those divisions were strong prior to the storm. So it's very difficult for us to say how much of that was attributed to the storm. So we were running at a similar rate that we are running at now interrupted by the storm. So to attribute any one area of that to the storm would be very difficult. The other piece of this is as it came through, we had, I believe, it was nearly 100 stores in the southeast that at one point closed. More in the Southwest as those storms rolled in. While those stores are closed, it's not that we're not selling exterior paint. I mean, we are - our business is closed. So it was a significant drop. It seems as though it's rebounded back, and we are back to the levels that we were operating on prior to the storm. And as you mentioned, very strong performance. And this is the 15th consecutive quarter of resi repaint sales. And so we're feeling good about the momentum in all our stores.
John Morikis: Yes, Dan, we continue to work down there. Our Southern Cone and Indiana region were the strongest performers for us down there. Some of those businesses are up double digits. The area that we're continuing to experience pressure in is Brazil. It's a big part of our business. And while we saw an increase in sales in Brazil, our volumes were still down slightly. So we're continuing - we're not waiting. I've said this time and time again. We're not waiting for the market to get better. We're working hard down there. I think we're gaining progress that, again, some terrific leaders down there that are working really hard, and we're going to keep pushing the ball here.
John Morikis: And regarding the run rate, I would say that we've kind of settled in at this 100 store opening rate. With that requires about 1,400 management trainees from – we recruit from college as we continue to add more districts, more areas. And it's an area that I've spoken with Pete Ippolito. He is an aggressive sales promoter, and he'll want to grow, and we want to support that. And so you could bet that when Al was talking earlier about our taking some of these funds that are going to be available for the tax program here going forward, that a big piece of this will go into our stores organization. But Pete's a smart investor and wants to grow our business, and we're going to support him. But I think you should see us continuing around that 100 base.
John Morikis: And Scott, just as a reminder, if you – I don't think we're anywhere near this environment, but if you do rewind the clock here and take a look at the time period between 2010 and 2012, we did go out during that period with 6 price increases. And I think what that demonstrates is the discipline that we have. As Al mentioned earlier, during even that period, there's a little bit of compression in the short period while we're looking through that - of those price increases. Then we go out and get it. And if that should represent anything, as our commitment to making sure we stay firm here, the idea that we have is always adding value to our customers, helping them reach their goals. And we believe that the value proposition that we bring provides us the opportunity to make sure that we capture the price. 
John Morikis: There's a number of reasons for TiO2 supply being tight. And we've got the major global producers of chloride kind of managing their capacity utilization to keep market conditions favorable. We have some shutdowns in production in China. So we don't necessarily believe its structural, meaning the industry is just chronically - it's structurally under capacity. But we do expect the market to be tight probably through the better part – certainly, the better part of the first half, if not the year.
John Morikis: Sure. The first thing I would say is volume. As Paint Stores Group drives incremental volume, they get great leverage in that, and you saw that in our fourth quarter leverage on SG&A. As we get into the slower quarters, our SG&A headcount contracts a little bit. And so as we see that volume growth, we get great leverage on our SG&A. We did not see that same effect in our Consumer Group. The volumes were a little softer, and you're not seeing the leverage.
John Morikis: Sure. As it relates to the Valspar performance, I'd say, we are – firstly, right where we expected to be. These are large customers, many of whom had agreements with the Valspar. And the last thing we wanted to do was go in day one and break previous agreement or almost the implied agreements that they've had in the past. Our goal is to get the price and retain the customer. And so we're working with our customers and, I think, preceding exactly as we expected. We had some of that rolling in the fourth quarter, and we talked about right from the start that it's going to be six to nine months. So as I said earlier, now as we go into the first quarter here, we expect even more of that to roll in. As Al mentioned, we're going to be chasing it here a little bit, but we're on it. Our teams are working hard and we are having terrific discussions. And I'd say, for the largest part it's about how the pricing is coming in, not if. And we're working hard to make sure that we're continuing to add value while we're having the discussions. But we're feeling good about our ability to get it.
John Morikis: Yes, Dmitry. I'd say, it's been rolling in – I really don't want to get into any specifics on that. I would say, as we stated, every one of our businesses is out there. I understand the question, but out of respect for our customers on this side of the business, I would just tell you that it's been rolling in, continues to roll in and will continue to roll in.
John Morikis: Yes. I'd say, it's mostly just a timing issue, Dmitry. The issues that when you put a paint program in with many of our customers, we're kind of buying into that program, and we're working with our customers through the paint season. And we start having discussions with them to let them know of what's happening so that we can adjust. And even on the painting contractor side, we work with our painters, but their projects are typically limited in scope. And so if we're going to work with them as prices increase through a project, that project completes. And then as we move to the next project, our prices are going to reflect the new raw materials. So it's really a timing issue. On the performance coating side, same thing. We work with many agreements here at - on the Sherwin side. We were ahead of the ball a little bit, so we got in a little bit quicker. On the Valspar side, historically, they've been able to do it. They're a little behind, and we're executing those right now. So I'd answer it really that it comes down to just timing.
John Morikis: Sorry if we're interrupting you there, Mike. Yes, we are. We are getting some nice growth on both the core or legacy Sherwin and the Valspar side. And that's - what's really nice is it's across all of our industrial businesses. So there's a nice momentum as we go into 2018. We're feeling really good about. When you think about what we're going through with the integration, the ability to retain the customers, growing our customer base, retaining our employees on both sides, I mean, we're feeling good about the momentum that we have here.
John Morikis: Yes, Silke. We had a number of moving parts in our fourth quarter. We did make a policy change, a threshold change on our capitalization. We took a hit for that in the quarter that will not repeat. And there was also some purchase accounting on the inventory depreciation step-up that we took in the quarter. So we believe that we've gotten – well, we believe we've gotten the bigger onetime adjustments behind us as we go into next year, into 2018. But we're still – the valuation is still open. We're still reviewing it, and we have till end of May to get that finalized. But I do believe we got most of the one-time adjustments behind us.
John Morikis: Well, I would tell you that our expectations are always it's going to be at the high end. Again, you come out of the fourth quarter, it's a smaller quarter. First quarter, virtually the same dynamics. So...
John Morikis: No, Silke. I think what you're seeing is in the run rate synergy, there are projects that were tracking – and I'll use the example, a manufacturing rationalization. So in September of 2017, we announced the rationalization of four manufacturing facilities in the U.S. We won't see the benefit in the P&L of those rationalizations until very late 2018 and more likely in 2019. But that would be in my run rate synergy number. So I want to – we got to be careful about including the run rate synergy in our P&L. So that's why, in the call, we just tried to break out the – what we think is going to hit our P&L in 2018 versus what we think – as we continue to enter projects throughout 2018, that will go into that $320 million run rate at the end of 2018. Many of those projects won't be realized until the following year. So that's why it's – where the number is.
John Morikis: Well, I would tell you that we are going in with high expectations and, as I mentioned, determination. But your point is a good one, John. We wanted to have better results here as we entered into 2017. I would say the differences that we continue to refine what it is that we do that can help our customers separate themselves. As I mentioned earlier, it's not just doing the same things, hoping for different results. And that's why I made that point. We are working with our customers with a different approach and different ways that we can help them to grow their business. So I'd be disappointed if we find ourselves in the same situation at the end of the year.
John Morikis: So John, Chinese TIO2 has been up pretty sharply in 2017, and that was as a result of supply curtailments. I don't know so much about epoxies.
Al Mistysyn: And Tom, I would say, as in past cycles of raw material inflation, our gross margin may contract a little on the short term as the price increase still pursue and the effectiveness improves. But in the long – over the long term, we expect our margins to recover. And the guidance that I talked about, the 45% to the 48% long-term gross margin range, I still feel pretty good about that. The one thing I will remind you, and we've talked about this on the last couple of calls, is Valspar is really one price increase behind. Although we're – we believe, or we should feel confident about the price that's going through right now, as raw material inflation continues, we're going to be chasing that price on the Valspar side. 
Al Mistysyn: Yes. And in terms of growth pace relative to the market, Don, first, the tag effective pricing in the fourth quarter was a little north of the 2% that we said for consolidated. That still leaves us with volume growth in the range of what we believe is probably 1.5 times to 2 times the rate of the market. That's the range that we target. I don't think we have enough data yet to say exactly what the market grew in the fourth quarter, but we like the volume movement to our stores.
Al Mistysyn: It's more the commodities. And you're going to have some variability in the timing of our synergies. We put a range out on what we expect incremental synergies to be in our P&L, and that's not an exact science on timing. So those will be the two main factors.
Al Mistysyn: I would say, we had a very strong working capital year. Our core Sherwin working capital came in at 10% versus 10.7% last year. That's a bigger year-over-year change than I would expect going forward. So we got a little bit of wind, tailwind on that. So we're not going to change our 2020 outlook just yet, but certainly pleased with the cash generation. You look at it after CapEx, and we're over 11%. So strong performance, and we're going to keep pushing that as we get into 2018. 
Al Mistysyn: Yes. The overall FX in the quarter, and it's a little tough to look at because you've got Valspar in these numbers as well, but it was about 1% on the consolidated, and it was a tailwind. Nothing to speak of in TAG. Performance Coatings was a low single-digit impact, and then really nothing to speak of in Consumer. 
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Chuck, I think, the – certainly, the paying down the debt still is our first priority in the sense that getting our debt-to-EBITDA leverage down so that we have the flexibility to go after the strategic acquisitions that we talked about earlier, I think that's very important to us. That being said, in 2018, we're going offset dilution from options with buying back shares of our stock. I think as you get towards the second half, and we see what the progression is on our cash flow on our ability to pay down debt and, quite honestly, how our operations are going, we may put us in a position to get debt down a little bit lower and look to acquisitions. So we'll keep driving that debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio down so we feel comfortable that we have that flexibility.
Al Mistysyn: So if you look at 2018, the impacts by segment, Consumer Group will be, on the purchase accounting, $340 million purchase accounting group, Consumer Group will be about $102 million hit, small amount, gross profit, most of it being in amortization. And Performance Coatings Group will be about a $240 million hit. The vast majority again in that is the annualization of the amortization. We're really not going to talk about breaking down synergies by segment. And as you can imagine, it just gets all intermingled, and it's tough to do, and we really just don't want to talk about it by segment.
Al Mistysyn: Well, Yes, I'll answer it 50,000 feet here. It's to work with our customer to understand what it is that they want and make sure that we're providing that to help them reach our goals. I know you'll understand. We don't want to lay down our strategy here for any customer. But it all comes back to having a very good understanding and responding very well to our customers' needs and helping them reach their goals.
Bob Wells: Yes. I would start with, Tom, as you pointed out, there is a tough comp in our first quarter. We're up – same-store sales were up 7.5%. But with the momentum we have coming out of the fourth quarter, and the volumes that we’re seeing and the ability that we’re talking to our customers and have a fairly good outlook, we feel confident that we're going to go over the top of that in our first quarter. And that's why we're talking mid-to high single digits, and we fully expect stores to be in the high-end of that range.
Bob Wells: And just to reiterate John's point, we have seen particular strength in the southern region of the U.S. throughout the year.
Bob Wells: Yes, Nishu, the - we're basically tracking new orders and backlogs from all the public builders, and we are interpreting them as more or less high single-digits on average. We think that most of the forecast we're seeing for new sales and starts for '18 would be in the mid- to high single-digit range. That seems about right to us. It feels like the builders, the residential builders might be starting to pick up the slack in inventory in the existing home market by building new homes at a little faster pace. So we are expecting a robust market. I would also point out that we've been commenting for a couple of years about how home value appreciation is driving remodeling activity. We expect 2018 to be a really strong year in North America remodeling as well. So our outlook is not based just on new construction. Let me add to that, I know you asked about residential, but on non-residential, we're seeing an improving picture, too. 2018 - or 2017 was a positive year in square footage starts following two years of declines, and we're expecting a moderate - a modest acceleration in 2018 in non-residential starts.
Bob Wells: Hi, Dan, I'll let John comment on the peak openings versus our run rate now. But as clarification, on the guidance that we gave on store openings, the 90 pertained to our U.S., Canada and Caribbean store base. We actually ended up opening 87 in the U.S., Canada and Caribbean. The 101 is all of tag. It's throughout The Americas. So it included all the openings in Latin America.
Bob Wells: Yes. And so you'd really want to look at it business-my-business, and that's the way we talk with our general managers to understand. And I mentioned, we look at opportunities to differentiate ourselves in the market, and we think that part of that is having the product, service and availability in the right geographic areas. And we also look, from a technology standpoint, what opportunities there might be. I'd really rather not get into deeper than that, other than to say that this is an important part, we believe, in the very near future, we're going to spending a lot of cash off, and we want to put to work with our shareholders. We think this is an important element of our go-forward strategy.
Bob Wells: Scott, we did say that we believe the pricing that we have going into a sufficient for the current raw material inflationary environment, but we're monitoring that on a daily basis. And as you can imagine, it is an influx kind of a situation. So as a we see raw materials increasing more than what we think we've gotten in price, we'll talk to our customers, as our past practice has been, and then talk to The Street about what we're doing.
Bob Wells: There was a spike and then a drop in the pricing. But I'd say that it seems right now, I believe, to be back in line.
Bob Wells: Thanks again, Jessie. Let me wrap up today by asking you to save the date of Tuesday, May 22, on your calendars. That's the day we'll host our Annual Financial Community Presentation at the Langham Hotel in Boston. The program will consist of a brief business review by each of our segment leadership teams, followed by a detailed update on our Valspar integration progress. We'll host our customary Q&A session followed by a reception and lunch. Again, that date is Tuesday, May 22. We'll be sending out invitations and related information and a link to our registration site in late March, so please watch your e-mail. As always, I'll be available over the next few days to handle any additional questions that arise as you digest this morning's call. If you like to be placed in the queue or for a follow-up call, you can call Kristy Johnson at 216-566-3001 and she will add you to the callback schedule. I'd like to thank you again for joining us today, and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
