Bob Wells: Thanks, Terry. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We are going to begin the call as usual this morning with some prepared remarks by John Morikis, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Chris Connor, Chairman and CEO. Following their remarks, we will open the call to questions and Sean Hennessy, our Chief Financial Officer, and Al Mistysyn, Vice President Corporate Controller, are here with us this morning to participate in the Q&A session. Before I pass the microphone to John, let me remind you that this conference call will include certain forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. federal securities laws with respect to sales, earnings, and other matters. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A full declaration regarding forward-looking statements is provided in our earnings release transmitted earlier this morning. In the interest of time, we've also provided some balance sheet items and other selected financial information on our website at www.sherwin.com under investor relations third quarter press release. With that, let me turn the call over to John to review our performance for the third quarter.
Bob Wells: I'm sorry, Arun. Maybe I misunderstood the question. We are really not in a position to give a raw material outlook for 2016 yet. We will do that on our year-end call.
Bob Wells: I would tell you when you look at our sales guidance for the third quarter to where we came in, I think that we were a little disappointed in the comps store and stores group. We were not disappointed at all in the architectural performance. We felt that we continually said over the long run we think we can beat the market by one and a half to two times. We think we are right there. On the protective marine side there was a little bit of a challenge, maybe a little more of a challenge than we thought and that hurts us two ways. That hurts us in the volume and secondly the average selling price. So, that has a little more effect on the cause of that Q1 to be lower. Structurally, those type of things on the architectural side we still are as confident as ever.
Bob Wells: We obviously give a detailed raw material outlook on our year-end call in January. We have commented that based on the current trajectory of the petrochemical side of the raw material basket, raw materials should be a tailwind next year. We will give you a little more color around that at year end.
Bob Wells: No. We don't think that is the impact in the quarter at all. That HGTV program was a de minimus part of our store's business. We've always felt that the customer that chooses to shop in a specialty paint store is a fundamentally different customer than a big box customer. And in the quarter, softness was really driven over some timing and promotional activity earlier in the quarter and it's actually been rebounding nicely. We had a good September in DIY stores to our stores business.
Bob Wells: Chris, the other thing is if there's a positive mix shift with Stores Group growing faster than any other segment, that has a positive effect on gross margin as well.
Bob Wells: Thank you again, Carrie. As always, I will be available for the balance of today, tomorrow, and throughout the coming week to answer your follow-up questions. I would like to thank you again for joining us this morning and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
Chris Connor: The architectural side was by far the strongest. We had a very good and strong performance in architectural and our industrial protective and marine side we clearly faced some headwinds there. We do very well, particularly in the petrochem area, we out index probably the market by quite a bit and with the softness there that has a netiquette impact on our volume.
Chris Connor: No. Nothing worth talking about truthfully. Our focus is on making sure that our people and our products are where our customers need them. So anything that we're doing in the field is to better align our resources with our customer's needs.
Chris Connor: We are always looking for those opportunities. That could be by customer or by segment and we keep a close eye on to those. As you should expect, our teams on the ground are empowered and pursuing those opportunities as they present themselves.
Sean Hennessy: This is Sean Hennessy. When you look at 2016, I think we're putting that together right now and I think in January when we discuss the fourth quarter we'll also be giving you some guidance on 2016 and give you a clearer picture.
Sean Hennessy: I think the biggest impact of the price mix, Aram, has been the comments that you are hearing this morning about the struggles continuing into protective and marine. As a reminder, these are gallons that can sell upwards of $100 a gallon for us. As we commented, the pricing disciplines of the Company are in great shape. You see that in the margins. Our residential repaint numbers are up double digits as we commented, so the price mix issues are really holding up fine on the price side, it's just the types of end market gallons are having a little impact here.
Sean Hennessy: Okay. Give me one second. Gross margin dollar changed in the third quarter by segment same-stores group increased $89.2 million. Consumer was increased by $34.2 million. Global Finishes Group was down $5.6 million, and the Latin America Coatings Group was down $[17.8] million.
Sean Hennessy: I think what it really came down to, Dmitry, was protected marine sales and secondly was the currency. The currency was -- we did not have the Brazilian Real getting close to 4 to 1 and those two things, but when we looked at what we thought we could do with the Comex integration and the selling price and the architectural side, it was pretty close to what original guidance was.
Sean Hennessy: Okay. I think it was the SG&A control. No doubt about it. I think the gross margin might have been a couple cents different than we thought, but I think the SG&A increasing only $9 million in the quarter. I know the divisions has been working really hard to get that SG&A down and I think that is the operating margin difference.
Sean Hennessy: I'm sorry, Dmitry. Bob mentioned that protective and marine accounts for low teens percentage of our stores business and by design these are products that sell for two and three times what a typical architectural product sells for. So a lot of that mix shift is coming as a result of the softness in that business. I think we've commented that pricing is holding up well. You're clearly seeing that in the margins performance, so with the exception of kind of that customer shift inside that business, there hasn't been a lot of mix. We did comment that the residential repaint customer continues to grow at a double digit piece for us. Those are good, solid architectural gallons for us at reasonable pricing and you can see the impact of that go into the chain.
Sean Hennessy: I think that -- with one exception, Dmitry, and that is we've talked about competitive pricing in the large commercial project that has a little bit of a negative effect on a very small piece of the market but by far and away the largest impact on the difference between sales and volume was that negative mix from primarily protective and marine.
Sean Hennessy: Our operating margins in the consumer group were up 40 basis points in the quarter for the year. We said that the Lowe's business is fairly neutral. It's not accretive or dilutive this year. How with all the sales could you get the operating margin up? So I think you can imagine what kind of increase that has. That's really where -- I think it's a great positive story that again integration from Comex is creating that kind of value that the Lowe's business at close to zero operating margin is not affecting the total operating margins for the consumer. In fact, remember, at the beginning of the year many people thought that the Consumer Group would go backwards in operating margins because of that Lowe's business.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. In the month of July we issued bonds, took out the short-term debt. We issued $800 million at effectively 4%. That's $32 million. When you look at next year we expect that our interest expense will be higher as we term that out. You can imagine we were paying 20, 22 basis points for that $800 million in the short-term market and now we're at 4% with that, but we expect -- what we said is we think our interest expense will be up. In fact, Marybeth asked this question a couple quarters ago and that's about 20% next year.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. We don't break that out, but I will tell you the majority of that is actually in the Service Group.
Sean Hennessy: On the SG&A line we've always said that a high percentage of our SG&A is fixed and we've always said that because we wouldn't open a store without a manager, assistant manager, the right to staffing model. When we open a store we consider a lot of that fixed and that's how we manage a company. We say if we're going to open a store, probably when I sit there and look at it, the way we look at it, almost 90% of it is fixed, 10% is variable.
Sean Hennessy: I think if you look at the way, and we're guesstimating here on the foreign currency, but if you remember, fourth quarter is when it really started to fall off. If you think about the value of the dollar just jumped in the fourth quarter, so we comparisons get better, we don't think the currencies may get stronger, but just the comparisons get better. So we're seeing that. And just looking at the business and where we're at in the other areas. Someone said it earlier, even though there was a lag we did start seeing some of the protective and marine in the fourth quarter being negatively affected. We think those are the reasons you see the 1/10 going up to the mid low single digits.
John Morikis: And there is really no programs that we're undertaking, Aram, in that space at all. That is just not beyond our normal efficiency practices.
John Morikis: A couple things. Again, just back to the point that Chris just reiterated, I think architectural gallons we're really good, I think that any time we get those architectural gallons going in the right way. I think that number two we had really good SG&A control in Storage Group. So when you see our total SG&A up $9 million, I know it's 3/10 of a percent of sales so, that's going pretty well. And the Comex. We had the Comex integration in the third quarter. We are now fully through it. We think the third quarter was you see the full effect of the Comex. You see it in two places. When you talk about this Comex you see it in Stores Group as well as you see it in Consumer Group. And you look at the operative margins that consumer was able to generate, so that Comex acquisition is doing very well now, integrated very well by our teams in the field, and you're seeing those types of things in both of the segments.
John Morikis: Duffy, as we look at this going forward we're quite excited. We have got a good partner with a good relationship there. We've learned, there is no question about it, and we're comfortable with the direction we're going here. We continue to work hard with the store associates as well as Lowe's corporate. We've expanded our SKUs just recently launching into a satin finish which is a very important finish in the home center channel, so we're expanding our SKU count, we are getting more in tune with our customer, and quite frankly we're looking forward to a strong future with this program.
John Morikis: Dennis, we worry about that every day, so thanks for calling that out to our attention. Obviously the market dictates the prices we can get for our products. We compete in a very respected industry. The quality of our products and the services can command a price in the market I think you're seeing the leverage of the business model come to fruition here.
John Morikis: Exactly. When you look at it, we do not have the environmental repeating. I think when you see the EPS guidance we have given you versus last year, you can see that -- and that environmental went into the admin segment so, yes, just because of that you're going to see an improvement in that admin segment.
John Morikis: We are obviously looking at every brand and evaluating the investments that we go in there. We're going through our planning process right now with our teams. You would expect that our diversified brands team is in fact looking at some of those brands to get behind and we will be talking about those as we roll into next year.
John Morikis: I think that as a company we've always taken a look first and foremost when you're looking in Latin America if you look at the history of us, making sure that we remain cash positive and just like Argentina in 2002 and some of things that happened in the 90s with hyperinflation, we continue to make sure and we stay cash positive which makes it easy to continue to invest in those kinds of countries. Secondly, whether it's even in United States stores group, in Houston in the 80s or other places, if there's something -- we try to take advantage of these types of markets and we're looking at assets and we're looking at investments down there that eventually will come back. We think Latin America is having a tough time currency-wise, but the things will be able to do in Mexico this year and we're still investing in the rest of the Latin America group for us. We feel very good about the long term of this business.
John Morikis: Yes. What we prefer to say is when you look at the Comex integration, the ability for us to take those gallons through our own footprint and I think that's completed and gallon gains. You have the gallon gains over in Stores Group as well as Consumer Group, so those factors are well over half. We don't break it out in those -- we say those, that's the majority of the margin improvement and raws is just the smaller piece of that.
John Morikis: Yes. When you look at the protective marine that's going through the stores group, it's not very different. The operating margins, the SG&A and so forth, it's very close to the architectural business, but as you say, the costs are higher and the selling prices are higher.
John Morikis: Demand in Canada has been spotty. With our new acquisition, Comex, rolling in now, we're excited about the future here. This brand that we bought in and the conversion we're going through offers us opportunity as we consolidate the general paint brand into our Sherwin brand. So, going forward it may in fact come from market share gains, but we're expecting to move forward in Canada.
John Morikis: Yes. Because of the comment we made about relatively flat without and that's where the computation will get you to.
John Morikis: It's on the low end of our range so, yes, we're disappointed. We strive to exceed that range, but going forward we have great confidence in our team and we have a great partner with a great relationship. As I mentioned we've added a SKU here that's an important SKU in the satin finish and we continue having great discussions about other opportunities, so I think you're right, we're going to grow into this and were excited about the future here.
John Morikis: Greg, as an ongoing basis we have never broken price mix gallons out. What we try to do from an earlier question is we're saying that when you look at the 320 you have the Comex integration which was very positive for us. We've taken their gallons and their footprint through our footprint. I think also the increasing gallons of the Stores Group as well as the increasing gallons in the Consumer Group and also as we've always said that the Stores Group has the highest SG&A as a percent of sales, so when you look at the operating margins that means that the gross margins are the highest as we sell directly to the end user. As they become a bigger and bigger piece of the Company, that is going to create that mix. And then there was raw materials in there. Those are all the factors and what we said is if you look without -- raw materials really didn't drive this. It was the other three factors that drove it.
John Morikis: Yes, Greg. It looks very positive. We commented on the call that the residential repaint activity has remained strong. It's actually been strong for going on three years now and if you look at housing activity in general, there's a lot of reason to believe that the recovery is still in full swing. Household formations have been very strong and have remained strong. Existing home sales are up almost 8% year over year. Pending home sales up almost 10%. Average home values are pricing and continues to rise which is healthy for the industry, and on the new construction side it's even stronger with new home sales up almost 20% and single-family starts up more than 10%. Non-residential starts slowed a little this year, but the interesting thing this year there is that in 2015 despite it being down slightly from 2014, it's the second strong this year since 2008. We have back to back to back strong years of starts in nonresidential activity which is going to drive commercial painting in the years ahead.
John Morikis: Well, actually no one has a product like this. This is a very unique and exclusive and patented technology and it is a product that we are very proud of. The market size that you asked, it's a little hard to define as we're finding more and more opportunities for this. We look for the opportunities in schools, athletic facilities, in senior care facilities and hospitality settings, even in residential areas, wherever these infectious bacteria may exist we feel as though this product offers an application. And in a nutshell what we have here is our Company has successfully suspended compound in a paint product that will kill bacteria. It's very unique. If you look at the issues, the hospital space, it's quite an issue. The product that we have will kill 99.9% of staph, MRSA, E. coli, and a couple of other bacteria that really pose a serious challenge to our hospital and these other areas that we mentioned. To develop a product that does not just inhibit these microbes but actually kills bacteria is very unique and it's the first EPA registered product of its kind. So, there might be other products, but nothing like this.
John Morikis: No. And the way you go through this is very painfully would be my answer. It took us a number of years and quite an effort on our team's part. We are very proud of our team and the process that they went through. So, it is a product that is, as I mentioned, EPA registered. It's the first microbicidal paint that kills these bacteria. It lasts up to four years. We really believe this is a game changer in the industry. We're very excited about it. We had a wonderful launch yesterday and we're really looking forward to the opportunity that this product will present.
John Morikis: We just do not disclose that type of information. We're very excited though, I will say that. We're very excited.
John Morikis: I would say there was a little bit of a lag. We didn't see it immediately, but it has accelerated recently.
John Morikis: Again, this would be a better discussion for Lowe's. Their pricing of that product is something that they determine.
John Morikis: In the automotive refinish business I'd say we do see some pressure there. There's a great deal of consolidation that's taken on in that space. We have found ourselves on the wrong side of some of the transactions that have taken place, so we felt a some pressure in our market share.
John Morikis: Well, every day we're trying to address that. Our products and our services we think are good. We are trying to align ourselves with the right customers and ensure that the introductions that we have of both new products and our people are in the right place doing the right things at the right time.
