John Morikis: Thank you, Jim. And good morning everyone. Let me begin by reiterating the themes we provided on our September 29 update call. First, the demand environment remains robust across our pro-architectural and industrial end markets. Many external indicators and more importantly, our customers, remain highly positive. Demand is not the issue. Second, we're ready to meet this demand. We continue to invest in growth initiatives. We have significant production capacity available today, and we are bringing 50 million gallons of incremental architectural production capacity online over the next two quarters. Our capabilities are not the issue. The issue that impacted our third quarter and have persisted in October continue to be industry-wide raw material availability constraints and inflation. Let me be very clear on how we are responding. Nobody has more assets and capabilities and Sherwin-Williams. We're employing all of these to keep customers in paint and on-the-job, better than our competitors. We will continue to focus on customer solutions. We are aggressively combating raw material Inflation with significant pricing actions across each of our businesses. We implemented multiple price increases in the quarter. We will continue to do so as necessary. We continue to work closely with our suppliers on solutions to improve availability sooner rather than later. At the same time, we're exploring every avenue to better control our own destiny going forward, including our recent announcement to acquire Specialty Polymers Inc. There is no shortage of confidence on our team, which is deep and experienced. My deep thanks goes to all 61,000 members of our global family. We fully expect we will emerge from these current challenges a stronger Company with stronger customer relationships and with continued strong value creation for our shareholders. In just a moment, I'll add some color to Jim's third quarter results summary. But first, I'd like to make a comment on our results year-to-date. While events largely outside of our control have forced us to adjust our expectations, we have still delivered a solid performance. 2021 year-to-date consolidated sales were up 9.4% or $1.31 billion. Despite high-teens raw material inflation, adjusted PBT increased 1.5% or $33.1 million, and adjusted diluted net income per share increased 4.8% to $6.80 per share. Adjusted EBITDA is $2.73 billion or 18% of consolidated sales.
John Morikis: Terrific. And I'll start with that one. We have had to make some wage rate adjustments in some of our factories, distribution centers and fleet drivers to, I'd say, attract and retain some of our employees. I'd say, I'm really excited about this fact that point to all our employees as critically important. But I would say that those customer facing employees, the store manager, and the rep that I just spoke about, are absolutely critical. And both of those employees, the turnover rate is in the range between 6% to 8%. And I would say that most in our space or that operate in over 4700 stores would kill to have a ratio like that. So while we've experienced some pressure in other areas, those customer-facing employees we've been able to retain and we believe it speaks to the terrific culture that we have, our ability to recruit and retain employees comes down to a number of areas that we consider key to that culture. The ability to come in.  We hired 1400 college graduates a year. We bring people in, we give them a career opportunity that they can accelerate in. When you look at the opportunity to come in and run a business. Out of school within a couple of years and own a P&L, we think that's a terrific opportunity for these people that have worked hard to come in and really make a difference. When I look at the impact of that, the 14 to 1,500 college graduate that come in, and what that means to our Company over time, we have nearly 10,000 graduates of that MTP Program throughout our Company. And we think -- I want to spend a little bit of time on this, John, because I think it's such an important element. We call it our secret weapon.  And that is the fact that we've got these employees that have come into the organization, they understand our culture, our strategy, they understand our expectations. Importantly, they understood our aggressiveness. And when they stick with us, which is an important element of that strategy, Those employees move through the organization and they -- they grow in their experience, they grow in their understanding. And now when you look at, for example, our rep force, 80% of our reps in TAG, came through this program.  And so when you're looking at the opportunity to promote from within and what that means to retention is they're looking at -- they're looking up, if you will, into the organization, 70% of the TAG field leadership comes from our TAG -- I'm sorry, our MTP Program. And that drives more and more retention. We look at our employee turnover then and what it means to the broader organization 7,000 of our employees are great -- have greater than 20 years of experience with our Company. And so when we're in front of customers, we're talking about trying to bring solutions to them, to make them better.  These are experienced people that help us differentiate from our competition. And so when you look at the external recognition we've received from Forbes, the fact that we've been recognized in the area of diversity, and recruitment and internships and places to begin a career, all of those are really important to us. We don't fight for those awards. What we do is fight to make a wonderful culture that people want to be a part of. And as a result, we are better positioned to take care of our customers. So I'd say it's working really well and it's an area we'll continue to be focused on.
John Morikis: I'd say those are a couple of really interesting examples that you use in new residential and commercial. Because you're right, it's not just paint that those customers are dealing with. There's a lot of raw materials or materials that go into those projects that they're impacting the pace of those. Those two markets though, I would say remain very strong. Permits up in new residential, we're expanding in multi-family as well and I would add this, it's not just the raw material or the materials, Ghansham, it's also labor that's impacting that.  So there are some challenges there. But what I would encourage our shareholders to understand is the commitment that we have not only to grow with our existing customers to begin with, but I mentioned just a moment ago about the share of wallet and the new customer activity. So we look at this in a number of different fronts. We're excited about our penetration there, but there is terrific opportunity for growth in there.  And I'd say that as this market begins to recover, the position that we have, we think not only with those existing customers but with new customers will position us favorably in the market. So I feel as though when this customer that has been pushing projects back further and further as a result of some of the supplies. First, we will out supply. We believe our competition. But we're also looking at a broader net that we're casting than just our existing customers as well.
John Morikis: Let me just build on, because it's a great point that Al makes. It goes back to the point that I made earlier, Ghansham. We don't discriminate which segment drives our results. So if New Residential is moving, we're going to be there. And if it shifts into another segment, we'll take those raw materials, we'll make the product in there and we'll push it out. The fact that we have a leadership position in these segments as something that will leverage aggressively to be able to convert every precious ounce of raw material into sale and profitability for our shareholders.
John Morikis: Yes. I'd say it's improving. We'd like it to come on faster and I'd say that we've had strategy for many years on not only working with our current suppliers and working to make them as productive as possible. When we bought Valspar, we said all along there were opportunities for consolidation in raw materials, working aggressively to accelerate that as that will help us become a, an efficient customer, if you will, for our suppliers.  I'd also say that the same strategy that we've had includes bringing on alternative suppliers and that's a goal of ours to ensure that we have the quality and consistency of our products for our customers through qualified suppliers. So I'd describe it as it's getting better, we expect it to continue to get better, and we're taking very proactive steps on our side to ensure that we're best in show in supplying our customers.
John Morikis: Jeff if I'd add to the point that I made just a moment ago regarding price, it's certainly consistent across all groups and as well in Consumer Brands. We've gotten some price, we need more, it's coming, we will get it.
John Morikis: Yeah. Chris, I'd say this. First, I want to reiterate the determination and confidence that we have in getting our price. We're not a commodity, we bring solutions to customers that help them make more money. We're determined to continue to do that across every business that we have. So we're not asking for something to get fatter or to take advantage of a situation. We're trying to stay consistent in our model which is solutions that help our customers to be profitable and successful. If you go back to 2016, I think from an industry perspective, when there's some different dynamics in the marketplace, and people didn't go out with price. At Sherwin, we felt the brunt of that as well and our people,
John Morikis: to do that, we think is very high. As far as, what our competitors are doing, yes we're hearing about pricing in the marketplace. But what we're really focused on is that value proposition to our customers. And as long as we're doing our job, we expect to continue to grow our business and to do it profitably.
John Morikis: But I think Chris adversity brings out the best. I will just mention the facilities and some of the opportunities there. But the other point that you mentioned about the platforms and the point that I made earlier, about the raw material consolidation. There are opportunities there that we've identified all along. The strong proliferation of resins through our organization, the opportunity to consolidate those to be more efficient.  All of those will have a significant impact on this March to 20% range of operating margins for this industrial business. We're confident in our ability to be able to get there. We're going to do it the right way though. We're going to get there with our customers and by bringing them value.
John Morikis: The supply chain issues that we're facing, primarily go back to the points that we made earlier about the Winter Storm Uri and the Hurricane Ida in February and September, those two issues that impacted us the most and our confidence in getting on top of that as the year progresses and as we begin next year is high. And our customers are learning that the fact that they do business with us are people can scramble and get product from different stores or different distribution center keep them in pace better than most of our competitors. So we'll come out of this stronger and with more loyalty and yes, there's quite a bit of backlog that we're going to enjoy filling for our customers.
John Morikis: Well, I think I'd just point back at this point, Arun, that we're very comfortable, very confident that there is a growing backlog. We're not going to give you any kind of data points right now other than when we're talking with our customers, that backlog is longer than -- longer deeper, and probably growing faster than at any rate than they've seen. But I don't think we want to share any kind of numbers yet. We will provide that information at a later date.
John Morikis: And I think that's an important point that Al just made: the fact that we made that conscious decision on -- and did impact our gross margins, keeping the labor in our manufacturing distribution centers, so that we could respond. When we're talking about why is it that we have confidence in our price, that's a great example. Our customers, we talk openly about t that. The fact that we're making investments here so that we can supply. And as Al mentioned, as the raw material become available, we'll convert those quickly.
John Morikis: Yeah, good morning, Truman. As we've talked about throughout the year here, if you look at Texas, that was more, I would say, physical damage to facilities based on the freezing of pipes and just all the damage that we've talked about at length. I think Ida, what was more at play. There was a lack of power to facilities which has recovered significantly. You also had other utilities that were offline, for example, water supply, steam, things like that that are really important in production.  And even we saw a lack of nitrogen in some of these facilities, which nitrogen is a key element to preventing explosions. People that produce that nitrogen had diverted to producing oxygen to help out with the COVID pandemic. So a little bit different dynamics in the two. I'd say we're still not fully recovered in either of those, Texas or Louisiana, but making progress as we go forward. Yeah, I think you're exactly right, gentlemen. The key point here is that there were a couple of key facilities in the paint and coatings space, particularly resin manufacturing, and other thickeners, and realogy products that ended up impacting the ability to make paint. Again, not for just the Sherwin-Williams Company, but for the industry.
John Morikis: Well, as it relates to -- your question it's really a labor question. And I would say this, that there are some challenges there for sure. Again, I keep coming back to this control distribution model and our strategy, but Mike, I think these challenges work to our advantage. When our customers are challenged with where to be, what to do and we're the ones having the stores in the marketplace so that we can be responsive and serve them, the fact that we're developing products to help their productivity.  What we're experiencing right now is a positive mix shift where customers who may have used a middle-grade product are stepping up into higher grade available products. And what they're finding out, is that they are more productive and their learning more -- and they are earning more. I'm sorry. So I'd say that there'll be some challenge, but I also think that we're uniquely positioned to be able to capitalize on that.  And again, we mentioned new accounts and share-of-wallet. So we're not just -- going to be very clear, we're not just a retailer that opens doors and hopes people come in. I mean, we're out aggressively pursuing people every day. We're trying to help those customers that are doing business with us to be more productive, make more money and we're out attacking other people's hills. We're not just trying to protect ours.  And so the programs that we have, everything from the customer programs, incentive programs, everything we have is about growing. And that's what we're committed to. And we have great confidence as these raw materials become more available, and they will, add they're converted through capacity that we have, which is available, will grow our business. And we'll grow it faster than our competitors.
John Morikis: Steeler fan amongst us. I don't know how we let anyone from Pittsburgh in here. Thank you, Mike. Next question.
John Morikis: We think it will be an important part of our future, P.J. We enjoy a very strong position there. Demand is picking up there. We do believe though that it's not just oil and gas. We've been working very hard and we've been very transparent about the need for that business to further diversify beyond oil and gas. So we've been focusing on some of these other key segments. And when you look at the infrastructure opportunities that might be coming down the pipe, as well as our penetration into other areas, such as flooring, such as water waste water.  There's a lot of key areas that we have been really working hard on. So our position in oil and gas, we expect to continue to penetrate. But you can rest assure that, these adjacent markets, other markets in Protective and Marine business, we're focused very hard and we're having very good success there as well.
John Morikis: Well, we're going to work with our customers and that's why I think, Bob, it's important to understand that, it's not just our existing customers when we talk about working with our customers. So it absolutely is incumbent upon us to help them be as efficient as possible. That's not just the way in which we run our business, its helping them to run a more efficient business, and the products that we sell them to make them more efficient. And at the same time, we are out there growing the number of accounts that we do business with and growing the share of wallet with new customers.  So I think we are uniquely positioned in the market, and I call it the stickiness, if you will, these customers that realize that we're working really hard for them right now. That's why this Net Promoter Score, not just on the DIY side, but we do a wholesale look at that as well to understand the view from the customer. Its actually growing in this market. And I think many people might be surprised by that. But the loyalty that we have during these challenging times is actually increasing with these customers.  So they have a lot of customers that we're doing business with Some that we're growing and those that were touching, in fact, for the first time, or maybe we've had a little bit of their business and we're the ones working with them to get through this. We expect that that's going to play favorably to our future. And we're going to take every step possible to make sure that happens.
John Morikis: So we've, Yeah, you're right. We've looked at that in great depth and I would tell you this, we've not reached saturation in any market yet and these large markets where we have considerable representation, if it's Cleveland or in Atlanta, or Dallas, or some of these markets where we might have a 100 stores. We're still looking at more and more facilities there. And what happens to these visit is that when we grow these stores, and the volume goes through the stores, we look at adjacent markets. We'll add a store in those markets. We'll grow that new market, but will also take some of those customers out of the existing store.  And we'll move it over into the new store. And as a result, the comp store grows faster as well as the new store. So when you look at store count we can see the next mile-marker that I talk about frequently is 5,000, but that's not to signal that we think we hit 5,000 stores. When we hit by 5,000 stores we'll -- the next mile marker for us will be 5,500 and then 6,000. And we will continue to add them as long as it makes sense. But we're decades away from a point of saturation that we're concerned about.
John Morikis: Yeah Kevin, I'll take a shot at that. So I'll begin maybe with the third quarter and what we talked about on the third quarter was raws were up over 20%. That was a sequential -- got worse in the third quarter versus the second quarter was really monomer, resins, solvents, packaging materials, all of those moved. If I fast forward some of the more recent data that we have in terms of prices that have settled, If you look through September, all the major categories that we look at are still highly elevated year-over-year.  If you look at whether it's propylene, ethylene, Appoxee, HDPE, all these feedstocks well, elevated year-over-year and not a lot of improvement, so to speak, sequentially. I think propylene may have ticked down a penny or two, but most of these have not moved. sequentially a whole lot. We're also seeing steel and TiO2 have increased a bit as well.  I think Al might have said earlier, in October, we've seen -- in terms of the availability we've seen some improvement there, but still probably not enough to let us build inventory in the fourth quarter. You look to the fourth quarter around inflation again, it's going to be a similar type of level of 20% plus in the fourth quarter. And I don't really see a whole lot of meaningful improvement until we're into '22 first couple of months of '22.
John Morikis: Edlain, I think it's dependent on how [Indiscernible] the quarter and quarter and there's no other disruptions as John -- and we've talked about, we have the capacity, we have the people in place so our capabilities are there. demand is there. So we believe every gallon we make will shift to the customer and get it so just about availability right now.
John Morikis: Yes. We consistently look to be more efficient on non-customer-facing items. We did get leverage in the quarter on -- I should say we have reduced spending in the quarter, but much of it is volume-driven in what our outlook is. And you're right, if we can't get products doing more advertising, marketing and things of that nature, you don't have -- I think just giving you a one-off on SG&A for 2022 would send a mixed message. I think we got to look at the totality of the group, how sales and margins progress. That really gives us a better idea how we're going to approach our SG&A spend for [Indiscernible].
John Morikis: That being said, Mike, as even though our dollars were down, we continued to invest in the pros paint at some of our retail partners to make sure that opportunity is getting off the ground as quickly as we want and needed to.
John Morikis: I'd say it's neutral, Mike. The takeaway for you on that one should be that, you've got professional contractors that are learning that they can make more money with higher-quality products and they're likely to continue to do that. And quite honestly, that helps -- we believe the relationship between Sherwin-Williams with these customers, because they're more successful, more profitable, and we're playing a part in it.
John Morikis: Yeah. It's not because we're prioritizing TAG over other customers. It's related to the specific raw material that were impacted by Hurricane Ida that impacted TAG more than consumer and PCG. I don't think getting into the specific of what raw materials and what products is appropriate, but it did impact us more on tech.
John Morikis: Yeah. Craig, I'd say it's a mix of price and volume combined. TAG will have a full quarter of the surcharge as well as the August 1st price increase, availability, impacts are flattish. But I do think it's a combination of both.
John Morikis: No, I don't think it's going to be the magic key to the door here. I mean, it's going to help us. We'll bring some best practice if you will, to the acquired companies. But we're working with our suppliers and we expect that we'll look at this as I mentioned, Greg during the call, it's a holistic view that we have on this. We're looking at this specialty polymers as well as the current supply base and it'll allow us to ensure that we can be as productive as possible while improving the productivity of some of our suppliers that will help us get more raw materials as well.  We'll add capacity to the Specialty Polymers asset base that will allow us on the one side to continue to supply the external customers that they have, while continuing to ramp up our supply as well.
John Morikis: I think in the shorter term it maybe a little bit de -risking, but in the longer term, with the capacity expansion that we have, it'll be relatively inexpensive investment to give us more flexibility and capacity going forward.
John Morikis: Well, actually if you look at the architectural billing index, John, it's been positive for 8 straight months. You're right. That project started in late 2019 or early 2020 or reaching the opinion phase now. But what we're hearing from our customers is that these projects that were pushed back are starting to see daylight and we have confidence that first we have a terrific position in the commercial front.  The relationships that we have with our customers and it was a question earlier about our stores are in the right place. So we're in the right markets where a great deal of the commercial activity is taking place. We think that this will be an area of growth for us and we're excited about capitalizing on that.
John Morikis: It grow faster as it's a smaller base. And we're excited about that. There are some terrific partners that we're working with on that segment that we've been able to ticket that a little bit through our stores. But there are customers that prefer that setting, a home center setting, if you will, that has a broader offering of products that actually just prefer that setting. And we want to make sure are customers are positioned very well to capitalize on those opportunities.  They have number of customers in their stores right now, maybe for the first time, as customers might be looking for product or availability, we want to make sure that that experience is a good one and the quality of the product and the services they receive.
John Morikis: Now I'd say either historic or maybe even a little bit faster right now. Eric, it does -- it is odd. I could understand a question about the loyalty increasing while prices are going up and availability is challenged. But I think it does speak to the point I made earlier. There was a question about our store locations and I got a marvel at that question because it does get hard of what we have, which is this unique point of differentiation, where if we didn't have the stores and you're trying to put pricing through and trying to build loyalty and you don't have product, I get it.  But the fact that you're walking into a store and in many cases, these are your friends that you've now built a terrific relationship where they are working with you. I need this product, I needed as soon as possible and the person on the other side of the counter is in it with you and we're trying to empower our people to make decisions. We're trying to give them product as quickly as possible. And as a result, the customers are understanding the efforts that our people are putting in, and the pricing is the pricing.  We're again, we're under a lot of pressure from a raw material standpoint. We're helping our customers improve their profitability and we need to stay healthy. And that's the discussion that we're having. And that healthiness includes a price increase for the products that we're getting. And as a result, in the metrics in the numbers are all right there, I mentioned a net Promoter, Promoter score, and people are familiar with that. There are a number of other metrics that we look at internally. They are all pointing in the right direction. So it gives me great confidence that what we're doing is working.
John Morikis: and we mentioned, that strong double-digit growth in every region. We continue to grow market share there. We're proud of that. I think if our president of our General Industrial Business was in the room, we'd want to point out the performance they had there. So it's a good strong performance. Our coil business, in fact, just about every industrial business we have is doing well in China, but there's pressure in that market. And again, our focus on solution is what we believe will be the differentiating factors.
John Morikis: We would expect an uptick there. Our plants in Malaysia were shut down to only the people that were there. They had to be quarantined in a hotel and shipped into the plant in and out. There's a lot of -- many of our customers were shutdown completely. Vietnam, very similar challenges. So it is -- it has been -- there has been a lot of pressure there and we would expect that to ramp back up and we're in position to be able to do that. We've been utilizing inventory, having it shipped in from other plants -- nearby plants into Malaysia and Vietnam to try to make sure that we had the inventory as they ramp up. So we've been thinking ahead about. No, how to best position our customers as they reemerge. But it should be good for us.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, John. This is important area that we really do want to stress and feel very comfortable and confident about this. We have tremendous confidence in the line of sight quite frankly, in the view of the customer and the demand that they have, we have great confidence that as we are exiting this chapter that, the relationships that we have with our customers are growing deeper. And I would point to, how we're working through this experience with our customers as kind of the backbone of why we have such confidence. We're blessed to have a control distribution model that has our stores in the markets that our customers are living in and working in and reps that are partners in their business.  Through this experience, those relationships are growing deeper because we're working closer with our customers. The line of sight that we have on the projects that they are working, and the need that they have is only increased. And so you're right. There might be some shifting from here to there. And we've always said that. We've always expected the DIY to normalize and that the business would begin shifting into other segments of the business as people returned back to business. I'm sorry, back to work.  So we always expected that while DIY shifted down, other areas would go up and we expect that we've worked hard, very hard strategically to position the Company to be in position, to be able to capitalize, which ever segment grows and whichever segment the market might turn to. So when you look at residential repaint or DIY or new residential versus property management, we work very hard with products, services, and quite frankly the people in those markets to be able to capitalize on them. So I'd say our confidence is probably as high as it's ever been for me.  I see what's happening with our customers from a net promoter score at a record level, our new account activity at record level, our share of wallet activity record level, every metric that we look at I would describe as almost the coiled spring ready to expand. And so we're excited about this chapter as I referred to it, is ending because we believe we will be the ones that are really going to accelerate quickly to take advantage of that. Hey John. This is Al. The only other comment I would make is as John talked about is DIY normalized. If we look at our combined architectural businesses with TAG and consumer, we were up low double-digits in our first half to exclude the raw material availability issues due to the Hurricane Ida, due to the Winter Storm Uri, that we talked about being a high single-digit impact in our third and a similar impact on our fourth quarter. We'd be up high single-digits on that combined business. So to John's point, we're going to capture on either channel of where their customer falls.
Al Mistysyn: Hey, Ghansham, I just add to that. If you look at our working capital and where we're at today, were significantly below our planned quarter-end inventory to a gallon. So as raw material availability improves, you can count on us to keep our pedal -- our foot on the gas on building architectural inventory. We're going to be in a make and shift mode through the fourth quarter. And we plan on building inventory in our first quarter of 2022. If those jobs get pushed back with the additional 50 million gallons of architectural capacity, we have coming on by the end of the year, we'll convert every pound of raw material we can get to be in a better position to serve those customers when those jobs are ready.
Al Mistysyn: And Ghansham, I'd just add to that that we did take up our raw material cost outlook up from the high teens to low 20%. Back on September 29th, we expected certain things to happen. They didn't happen as you can imagine exactly the way we thought so pressured the raw material costs on our Performance Coatings business and our other businesses. And if you look at our second half, our second half increases in raw materials more than double our first half. I talked about on the September 29th call that, we were going to be chasing raw material cost through the end of this year and into the first half of next year.  And I want to make sure you understand our commitment to doing that. Our teams are in third waves, fourth waves, TAG has been out just as a reminder, February 1st of this year with three to four. Came back out again August 1st with seven. And put a surcharge in September 20 at the 4% that we fully expect to convert to a full price increase early in 2022. I could say that about each of our groups in regions we're committed to offsetting these inflated raw material costs. And we're disciplined about our approach, as John talked about in the past, we're not losing customers over these discussions. so we may have to delay a little bit, but we are going to get the price increase to offset the rows and as they moderate, we'll start seeing our margin improve. And as we've done in the past, we will see expansion above where we came into this cycle when we come out of it.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah. Jeff, if you back out the impact of Wattyl, we'd be up low single-digits -- flattish to low single-digits. You'd expect a similar comparison in our fourth quarter.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Chris. We still are confident, and I'll let go what Justin said on September 29th call just some [Indiscernible] are PCG Group President. We made good progress in 2020. Second half operating margin was up 100 bips. The 15.2% flow-through was strong with sales up 4% and our flow-through was up over 40. So I was seeing stronger volume, but the rate of increase of our raw materials has been dramatic and I said it's 2 times in the second half versus the first half for raw material increases.  So we're out with third and fourth ways of raw material or price increases. On top of that, this team is continuing to look for efficiencies on platform consolidations, SKU rationalizations. And they also have a lot of projects to improve our profitability outside the US. And what I would say is depending on the timing of the raw material moderates and our pricing catches up and we'll get the operating margin moving positively again. the one piece that we talked about is we still have facility rationalizations in the pipeline.  We're not going to comment on those until our employees know and we get those public, but there's opportunities there and I talked about maybe a $100 million incremental margin improvement from facility rationalizations, SKU rationalizations, platform consolidations. COVID set us back a year, no doubt, and we're fighting through it. But in the mid-term, we expect to see short-term improvement, mid-term, longer-term get to that high teens, low 20s.
Al Mistysyn: Arun, I'd say we're again, not to beat the drum here too hard. But the fact that we've got this control distribution model gives us insight into a CRM system that gives us confidence in insight as to what's happening with our customers. And what I would tell you is that, across nearly every one of these professional segments that you mentioned about in TAG, there is a growing backlog. The confidence that our customers are working with us and how we approach their business, the collaboration that we have gives us insight. I mentioned earlier about the fact that, our teams are working closer, far closer than we ever have, ever experienced and understanding what they have going and when it's going to be.  So yes, we have great confidence. We're not going to lay out any numbers with specifics as to what that looks like, but I would tell you that if you talk to any painter right now, they would probably tell you that the bidding that they're doing is further out now than they probably have ever had and their winning jobs, that people are understanding and comfortable with getting in line for next spring, next summer. And so there is an absolute understanding of what's going on. People are turning on the TV and listening to the news and understanding that there are some issues. Ours is unique from a supply chain perspective. When you think about our architectural products, since you asked about TAG,
Al Mistysyn: I think Steven, we have to keep an eye on the availability, not just our existing suppliers but we're looking on every rock we can find alternate suppliers to help us meet the significant demand expectations that John talked about. So our ability to build that inventory in the first half is going to be somewhat dependent on the increase in raw materials to get to the true forecasted demand, which is a lot higher than where it was entering the season this year. Like John talked about, we have the capacity to make the gallons.  We kept our factories fully staffed. That's an investment on our customers to make sure we can convert every raw material as quickly as possible to get it in the field in the fourth quarter and then build inventory both on the TAG side and the consumer side to make sure we can meet the demand head-on.
Al Mistysyn: Well I think the Ida situation is a little bit different. Why don't I have Jim talk about that briefly and then I'll come in if there's any gaps.
Al Mistysyn: I would say Truman, that it's just the availability issues are across the chain. I think what you see going on in Canada is a determined team with the right focus on the right segments. And really doing a great job of increasing new account activity, gaining share of wallet, and having a focus on growth. And you can say, well, didn't you have a focus on growth in the past? Yes, we did. But I think this team is executing at a higher level than we have in the past.  And I -- I would argue the same thing in Southeast to Marine, different mix of customers impact availability as well. But our Southeast division has performed well through all cycles and I'll take a shot at our Southwest division. They will outpace the Southwest division and we'll see if the Southwest division can come pick it up and get back at Southeast and outgain them.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. P.J. I talked about on our September 29th call with the increases we've seen in plus the additional increase we just updated our guidance with on raw materials that we'd be chasing it through the end of the year earlier in the year, I thought we'd offset a dollar for dollar. I think what we like or plan to do is go out early in 2022, with the idea that if nothing, if we saw no other increases, we'd get on top of it in 2022 early. That means you can offset the dollars. It's going to take some moderation in raw materials before you start seeing material change in our -- improvement in our gross margin, but our expectation is early 2022.
Al Mistysyn: When you look at Q4, it's really dependent on the availability issues. We are experiencing more of those issues as the quarter starts off, we certainly are going up against a tougher comp. And our fourth-quarter last year was up 9%. But based on the current outlook, fourth quarter have a similar impact availability. We'll have more price in the fourth quarter. So I think what -- it's going to be hard to get on top of last year's number from a margin standpoint. The dollars of probably been close to flat, if not up slightly, but from a margin percent, it's going to be hard to get on top of last year.
Al Mistysyn: Our comp last year in our North America Paint Stores was 9.7. Third quarter was 3.5, so I think it's more around just better availability. Even though the impacts are the same, but smaller from a dollar standpoint, just because the quarter is smaller. And I would say this, we typically see a seasonal slowdown in architectural in our fourth quarter coming out of our third quarter, I would say, based on what we're seeing, you won't see it -- we're not seeing as big of a seasonal slowdown, if you will. So that's kind of why you see a nice uptake in TAG.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. That'd be all else being equal, Eric, and we don't see additional increases that would obviously make us go out again like we did this year. But you're directionally accurate.
Jim Jaye: Yes. In the sense that consumer's in a lag. So if we're our expectation with our TAG group is to be up high single-digits in price in the fourth quarter, consumer is lagging that. And it's just timing, so they're going to come back and catch that up. The other part is, the supply chain efficiencies. We do expect to get better as we flowed through next year in raw material availability gets better. Because as you know, our global supply chain is embedded in our Consumer Brands Group results and that's having a negative pressure on our margins.
Jim Jaye: Probably some of both, Bob. I think we try to do the best we can to honor quotes that we have in the pipeline. It's such a wonky year though that it's hard to completely do that in this environment. So we're trying to be as transparent as we can with our customers, understanding that some jobs get moved. But not just because of the paint side of it, but because of the other supply chain issue that some of our customers are having. So I would say we're transparent, we work closely with our customers to figure out what that pricing looks like.
Jim Jaye: Yeah, Steve, I think maybe a healthy way to look at this is an ecosystem. I might take exception to the idea that the stores are simply there for do it yourself. They play a very important role in commercial, new residential, every aspect of our business. We've leveraged that location and we do believe it's a competitive advantage in the marketplace. And so let me just give you a little bit of a highlight there and then I'll talk about the drivers of the market share gains beyond that.  I'll give you some of that, but I will tell you that there are a lot more than I'm willing to talk about here. So let's talk, first of all, about the stores. When you look at any given market, you have a store locally there. And if you remember that cost of labor represents roughly 85% of the cost of goods for painting contractor. We have a rep in a store, in a market that's responsive to that customer in that market.  And particularly right now as you look at something like COVID, where you might have used commercial as an example, you might have a commercial painting contractor on a project whose directed by the general contractor to move from one floor to another because of the number of people in a given area or because of some delays. there might not be the product that the substrate to paint. Because whatever dry wall taping wasn't done on time or whatever it might be. That that painting contractor's turning to our rep and our store manager, and he realizes right now he's got men or painters on the project that he is paying considerable amount of money to. And without that local store and the responsiveness, that day might be lost. A couple of days might be lost.  Whatever situation that they face, our store and our people are there to be able to respond. And so when a customer calls and says, I need something right now and our store's 10, 15 minutes away and we can respond, that's a significant advantage that we try to leverage with our customers and we try to help them to be more efficient. And that goes across every segment and anyone that would believe that you could accomplish what we do with the stickiness and loyalty that we worked so hard to gain, without those stores probably doesn't understand what we do yet.  And when you speak to these customers and the role that we play, it goes well beyond just a van showing up with products that are in our stores, there’s relationships that are built, there's questions that are asked, theirs training that takes place, and that I think a big part of who we are. I go back to the secret sauce that I talked about. We're recruiting college graduates in many cases to be assistant managers and managers to come in to run these facilities.  So they can talk intelligently about what it is that these contractors are facing and how to help them through that That local representation is absolutely a key part in our being a part of that customer's business, not just a supplier. And when we talk about our ability to work with our customers in areas such as the compression of margin short-term. That's a demonstration of our partnership and how we work with them. And as a result of that, we do believe that we're blessed to earn more and more loyalty from our customers. As it relates to the commercial contractor, New Residential that you mentioned and how we grow that you're right, this ecosystem that I talked about is very broad, very broad. It's everything from architectural reps, color reps as specifying. It's having technical people that can be in the field to help in situations like this. One product may not be available, but another one is. Do we have the technical people close to the customer to be able to help them with the application start-ups so that the project goes smoothly. We do very few people, if anyone else does in any given market. And so when we're talking with a customer, we're not just talking about can we deliver a gallon of paint? It's is an entire ecosystem. And when I say we just don't open a door and hope people come in. We're very aggressive in getting all the way through the decision-making process from owner to architect, to specify our designer, applicator all the way through. And we're covering each one of those basis in a variety of ways to make sure that those customers know and understand the value that we bring.
Jim Jaye: Yeah, we'll invest as it grows and then position of the market. And we will work closely with our customers to do that.
Jim Jaye: Well, I would say China has been a challenge. You're right. So let's talk first on the demand side, on the architectural side, a decent performance last year. And there's a lot of pressure this year. It's obviously a very, very small percentage of the overall Consumer Brands Group results. So it's under pressure but not meaningful in the sense of what it does to our results, on the industrial side we've had some challenges there, and not just China, but Malaysia And Vietnam is our customers as well as our plans have been under pressure as a result of COVID.  We believe work we're beginning to work through that locally and we're in a position we think to be able to capitalize on that. But if you look at our businesses in China specifically, we've had some really strong performances. We've said strong performance in our packaging,
Jim Jaye: Yes. Thank you, everybody for joining our call today. If I had to summarize the key takeaways that I hope you walk away with today is that we remain very confident in our demand environment. Our pricing initiatives are very well in place and continuing to move forward. Our overall in strategy and our people, we feel very confident about that as well. So we appreciate your interest in Sherwin. As always, we'll be available for your follow-ups later today and throughout the week. And I hope you have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
