James Jaye: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Sherwin-Williams delivered solid fourth quarter results that concluded a record year for the company, where sales grew 4.1% to $23.1 billion and adjusted earnings per share grew 18.6% to $10.35 a share. Sales in the fourth quarter increased by a low-single digit percentage against a tough comparison, and we generated significant year-over-year gross margin improvement. As we previously described, we also continue our deliberate and accelerated investments in the business as reflected by the low-double-digit year-over-year increase in SG&A in the quarter. These investments are being made to take advantage of current market uncertainty and are aimed at driving the success of our customers and above-market growth across all businesses. Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter decreased by a mid-single-digit percentage related to higher non-operating costs. We maintained our disciplined capital allocation approach and returned $641 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter. Sales in all three of our reportable segments were within or better than our guidance. In our architectural business, commercial and residential repaint were the strongest performers, while DIY remained challenging. In our industrial business, growth was variable by division. Sales grew in Europe and Latin America with softness in North America and Asia. Let me now turn it over to Heidi, who will provide some commentary on our fourth quarter results by segment and a few full-year highlights before moving on to our 2024 outlook and your questions.
James Jaye: Yes. Aleksey, you mentioned the fourth quarter. So property maintenance was down low-single digits in the quarter, but that was against a really strong fourth quarter a year ago, where we were north of 20%. If you look at property management for the year, I mean, it was up mid-to-high single digits. So we continue to feel good there. And the investments that Al and Heidi are talking about, many of those are aimed at growing our position there and continuing to add to what we're doing in that property maintenance segment. Thanks, Aleksey.
James Jaye: Yes. I think a very aggressive approach, as Heidi says. We've been making the investments. And I would tell you, Kevin, Kelly-Moore, amongst all of our competitors, we're competing with all of them all of the time. And so they've certainly been on our radar, certainly been aggressively going after them for many years. We're going to continue to accelerate here and see that as a great opportunity. Thank you, Kevin.
James Jaye: Well, thank you again, everybody, for joining us today. I hope you heard today that we're very confident in our strategy, and we're going to deliver an increased sales and earnings this year even as an environment continues to be choppy. So as always, we'll be available to answer your questions over the next few days, and thanks for joining us today. Have a great day.
Heidi Petz: Well, I'll tell you right now -- I'll start this off, and then I'll hand it over to Al to give some color commentary as well. I would start by, you said this beautifully. As you look at kind of the drivers of what's making us effective in the investments that we're laying in, we'll talk to this in a minute, but we've made some very significant choices relative to some of these segments. And I'll start with Residential Repaint. We talked about despite some of the choppiness out there, we are continuing rather to take share based on some of these investments that we laid in. It's interesting, in this environment, there's a lot of people that are out there talking about market share gains. And I would say that no one's really posting the mid-single-digit gallon gains that we're seeing versus our mid-teen comparison last year. So not everyone will be able to grow share. I'm confident that we are. And I would also say, given some of these investments, no one is better positioned in the market than we are to help these contractors. Specific to residential repaint and some of these investments, we're really able to demonstrate our model. We're interacting with these contractors that are looking to move beyond just painting but becoming business owners. So if you can imagine some of the investments that are allowing our teams, our reps to help them in real time in terms of marketing, customer acquisition, even as they look to expand into different substrates. We launched our Gallery Series last year, helping these contractors move from just walls into other surfaces in the home while they're there, kitchen cabinets being a great example. And all of these areas are really our sweet spot. So in this environment, while we're laying these investments in and we're clearly posting results, I'd also say and characterize this as the residential repaint contractor has never been more receptive to all that we can bring them in terms of our consistent store-to-store experience as they're traveling and growing, access to our highly trained reps that are helping them not just plan work, but helping them in real time to troubleshoot. So the accessibility, that's really important. So there's a list of items here that are really paying off. I'm going to hand it over to Al to give a little bit of specific color on the numbers.
Heidi Petz: John, one thing I would add to that, too, I think when you've got significant points of differentiation and you believe in your strategy, you're going to invest in them. So while we're growing faster than the market, then we're confident, as Al pointed out, on the return we're going to get here. Our heads are not in the sand. We absolutely know that it's an expense, and we expect to get a return. There's no doubt about that. But we do see this also as an investment to make sure that we continue to outpace the market.
Heidi Petz: So just to clarify, the mid-single-digit reference was relative to '23. So I think, yes, we would expect it to be flat. Now having said that, I'll go back to my earlier comments that the investments that we placed in, we're not waiting for the market and we don't think the market is going to help us this year. So the team was very diligent. We were very clear on putting those investments in long enough ago last year so that we were in a position to take advantage of this. So in this environment, while I would characterize the demand as flat, you can absolutely count on our ability to take share. We've got the right positioning in the market. We've got a model that allows us to absolutely understand largely not just through our stores and our reps, through our data, our ability to follow these customers to partner with these customers and helping them not just to get by with their current projects, helping them travel, helping them grow and really helping partner with them as they're looking to grow their business. So the characterization would be flat, but I would expect us absolutely to outpace the market there.
Heidi Petz: Yes, property management right now, I would characterize this similar to how we look at New Residential. So this is going to be a segment, that's going to be extremely exciting to watch. We're growing share through some additional agreements with customers that at all sizes, all the way through. So it's been I think clear out in the market there's been some incremental capacity that's been entering the market, which we benefit from during construction. And then these turns become an annuity for us which is a significant part of our business. So we're looking at this on both sides. There's another piece of this. And I think if you look at the dynamics between what's happening with kind of new commercial property management, we're also benefiting from the upgrading of properties that are competing with these new units and investing in keeping their properties current and fresh. So our teams are touching certainly both the CapEx projects and maintenance as well as color and design support, trying to make our customers successful. So we're going to catch them on either side. They're -- people are going to live somewhere. So we're going to make sure that we're meeting our customers where they're at regardless of what's going on with the economy. And you can expect that we'll take share in this current environment.
Heidi Petz: Yes, Mike. Normal is exactly how I would characterize that. And I think as we've all come through the last few years, I would also say that the alignment and the partnership has never been at a better place.
Heidi Petz: Yes. Chuck, it's certainly an interesting environment right now. I'll start with our stores. I know you want to get to the consumer piece. As you know, in our stores, it's a small part of the business, and we are catering to a unique, I would call it a subsegment, which is a higher end customer that really values more of that high touch that we can provide. And candidly, this time of year, it's even smaller. And we'll need to see how the consumer is going to react to the macro conditions during the paint season. So I would say that it's early, and we're certainly watching that. But you talk about the Consumer Brands Group, which is obviously our focus on circling the market from every angle. So you've got more price points certainly within that environment. And Al mentioned the Pros Who Paint already. But in terms of the DIY, it certainly is -- it's a choppy market right now. We're trying to stay really close to it and being in lockstep with our retail partners to look for opportunities to continue to build strength in that end segment.
Heidi Petz: Well, first and foremost, it's volume. I'll go back to Al's comments earlier. We certainly are looking at the margin expansion and ultimately operating margin, but volume is no doubt the key focus. Al, I know -- Al and I are both sitting here wanting to jump at this answer. So I'll share this with him.
Heidi Petz: Well, Steve, I'll start. And I would say that there's absolutely opportunity to drive some improvement here in terms of mix shift. And if you look at this through our view, it's very much segment driven. And I'll go back to my earlier comments on the Res Repaint. That is such a -- and Al said this just a few moments ago. We have opportunity to gain share in every one of our targeted segments, and Residential Repaint in particular. So as you think about the opportunity for us to help this contractor, we talk a lot about helping them be more productive and more profitable. But your point is spot on here that it is our best interest to help partner with them to make them as productive as possible. So the role of premium products, making sure that they understand that the time saving, the labor cost saving that correlates to the use of some of those products is a great -- it's a win-win for them and for us. That's a great example given where the macro is right now. So we absolutely expect mix to be a significant part of that. Having said that, as we watch New Residential come back, the teams are working hard on our simplification efforts there to ensure that we continue to put the right products in the hands of the right contractors on those jobs as well. So I would expect across the board, a focus on those premium products is a critical part of our strategy.
Heidi Petz: I will tell you that we don't see a downside here and the level of -- again, if we didn't have access to, we talk about leading indicators, the data that helps us to really understand our contractors. And I'll give you a little bit of color here without going too far is what they're buying, what they're not buying, what their projects are, current and their future pipeline, where they're looking to travel as they're looking to grow and expand in the different territories. And so we're able to then, Josh, take our data, sit down with our reps and our sales managers and make sure that they are armed to truly help bring value to these contractors in a way that a competitor that doesn't have a specialty paint store just doesn't have those levers to pull. So I don't see a downside in this environment.
Heidi Petz: I do. And I also think, I really find your question very interesting, because I think there is a commonality of, certainly, first and foremost, the belief that our strategy is working. I think John has contributed, we say his fingerprints are all over this company, and they absolutely are. So I have the fortune of inheriting an incredibly rock-solid foundation on which to build. And when we talk about just getting started, I couldn't agree more that we are just getting started. I think in terms of having a different background and bringing perspective into the business, I think it's important to share that my values and John's values are spot-on in terms of culture, customer focus, desire to grow, determination to win. And so bringing a perspective from outside of only a paint category, I think, only helps to continue to put our foot on the gas on what's working. And I would characterize it more maybe as a healthy challenge on where we might have opportunity to strengthen our model and just continue to grow.
Heidi Petz: Yes. Hi, Arun, I'll start with your first question, and then I'll kick it over to Al for your second one. You mentioned Res Repaint, so I won't touch that. But in terms of -- I won't get into the numbers, but you asked about the magnitude of share gains. And I would point to, candidly, the rest of the segment. So New Residential here is where we're obviously playing a long game, but we're continuing to take share by expanding the number of agreements that we've secured. Even in these very challenging times, we've been able to secure incremental agreements. And we're doing that at a time when there's a lot of pressure on starts. And so as you fast forward and play this out and as the cycle plays out, and it will, our position here is going to be even more significant as these new agreements begin to really pay off with the acceleration of housing starts. Property management, we hit on that a bit -- I hit on that a bit earlier. But I would say that it's very similar in terms of our ability in this environment to demonstrate our value and secure some of these incremental agreements, again, in property management, that will be true, certainly at the national, regional, and the local level. Our teams have been able to really penetrate based on a lot of the data that we've got access to there. Certainly, a lot of benefit Commercial, Protective & Marine, two segments that I would say are largely focused on product technology, specifications, and really great distribution. These businesses are both strong, and we're working very hard every day to put distance between ourselves and our competition. And I would go maybe a step further on commercial, where we're confident is we're well positioned in every subsegment within commercial. So when Al mentioned, we've got stronger view in the first half, it might look more soft in the second half. We're prepared to meet our -- these contractors where they are as they're looking to shift and transition within subsegments. So I'm confident that even despite where the market goes, we're going to intercept them.
Heidi Petz: Well, Kevin, I would tell you that that void is absolutely our opportunity. And I won't get into details here, but I can share with you that you should expect us to be very competitive with that announcement.
Heidi Petz: Yes, Adam. The lag that we've traditionally described would have traditionally been about four months. And I think that's elongated a bit, probably in another two months, largely due to labor shortages and some other factors that are weighing in there. In terms of the other piece, Al, I'll hand it over to you. You can make some comments on that.
Heidi Petz: Yes. I would say the conversations, as we mentioned in the earlier prepared remarks, we do this with our customers. And so as we took this out towards the end of last year, it was making sure that they understand why we're going out with this, but also making sure that they're prepared to pass this along and make sure that they're not absorbing that. I think the conversation here quickly becomes making sure that there's a greater outcome here for a focus on the premium products. And that's what we're going to continue to focus on.
Heidi Petz: The other piece I would mention on that is we talk about value and that we're out demonstrating our value to these contractors every day. And so when we bring a price to them, Eric, it's -- we're not having a price conversation. We're making sure they understand holistically. Again, I'll go back to my earlier comments in terms of access to the rep, the store-to-store consistency and our ability to help with them with leads, help them with bidding activity. So it's a very different discussion than I think many others in our industry are having.
Heidi Petz: I would say they're normalizing. I don't have a lot of color. I think as you look at some of the visibility into backlog, it's not as long as we have with other segments such as commercial. So to Al's earlier comment, we'll -- like everybody else, we'll know more in the next quarter or two. But at this point, it's pretty limited in terms of future visibility. So the base characteristic would be that it's normalized at the current state.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Vincent. This is Al Mistysyn. Yes, when you look at the 2024 volume number, up low-single digits. If you go back to -- coming out of the second quarter of 2023 and looking at the indicators that we were, we were talking about our volumes really being flat. And as John and Heidi like to say, we got to influence the numbers. So with our line of sight being better than -- or better, the investments we made in Res Repaint and what you'll see is we expect Res Repaint to be at the high end or above the high end of that range. In the fourth quarter, you saw a low-single digit volume growth. And again, our Res Repaint volumes were up mid-single digits. So even in the short term, we're seeing the benefits of those investments, and we fully expect to realize those benefits in 2024 to accelerate our volume growth in Res Repaint.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes. John, if you look at the adjusted -- I'll use the adjusted increase in SG&A. Almost 70% of that is attributed to our operating segments with the majority of that being in Paint Stores Group. And as Heidi mentioned in her opening remarks, we added 35 new stores in the quarter, 76 new stores for the year as well as additional reps, which with the additional investments that we've made in the second half, our rep count is up a multiple of that. The remaining increase is evenly split between our Consumer Brands and the Pro Paint reps increases and also with our Performance Coatings Group sales and tech service reps. And John, I believe the teams have done a really good job at driving the metrics and monitoring the metrics to make sure we're going to get a return for those. And then as you mentioned, the remaining portion of the increase is really related to the admin segment and primarily compensation, including stock-based comp, which as you know is typically heavier in our fourth quarter. It's really driven by the stock price. We had some deferred comp and wage inflation. But I'd say those are the primary drivers of the SG&A. And I'd just add one more comment to that. Those will annualize in our first half next year. But we do expect, as Heidi mentioned in the opening, to be back to more typical investments and SG&A investments in 2024. So we'll see a bigger increase in our first half and at or below the range in our second half to get to that mid-single-digit range for 2024.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Jeff. The way we have the raw material benefit rolling out in 2024, about 85% of that benefit is in our first half. And the assumption we're making is that we're not going to see another material drop as the year goes on. So essentially, we're annualizing the benefits that we saw through the second half of 2023. That being said, the market is driven by supply and demand, and the raw material costs are driven by supply and demand. And as we see how demand unfolds, certainly, there's plenty availability of supply in the market. That may change. But that's based -- our low-single digit outlook is based on the indicators we see today.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes. Mike, the only thing I would add to that is, you talk about indicators that might help drive the market, existing home turnover would be one of those. As interest rates moderate, and we do expect that to happen as we progress through the year, existing home turnover does have an impact; as well as home price appreciation, which is still up; the aging housing stock in the U.S.; baby boomers staying in place. All of those are driving Res Repaint. But your comment about the market being flat, we believe that could be true. But if existing home turnover would pick up, that would be a tailwind for us and likely second half view of that.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Ghansham. The 5% effective February 1, I do think there is a lay-in that will be similar to past price increases. I do expect to get to a similar effectiveness. Mind you, at a consolidated basis, we talk about price being up low-single digits. There's some headwind for customers that are on contracts with index pricing, small amount but a headwind. And I do expect our -- and Heidi mentioned this, the raw basket is down low-single digits. Still highly elevated over the three year period that we're looking at. We didn't go out with a price increase in 2023. And if you look at wage inflation, the health care, energy, transportation cost on that two-year stack is mid- to high-single digits. So to continue to offer the services and -- that we do and the convenience and the differentiated solutions, we need to recover some of -- recoup some of these costs.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Mike. The biggest variability is on volume. And we talked about the choppiness in demand across different segments, different businesses, and different regions. And if you -- an example of paint -- well, I'll use Paint Stores Group and you look at what volume assumptions we kind of have embedded in our guidance. And I mentioned, I think Res Repaint, the market being flat with the investments we make being at the high end of our low single-digit volumes, so low-single to mid-single digits. You'll get New Residential. You've seen the positive new single-family starts for the last six months. That takes time to get through the market. And our expectation is going up against a really strong first quarter last year, our first half will be softer, and then improving in our second half. And that will be timing more than anything. Conversely, commercial, we expect to be exactly the opposite of that, where we have a line of sight to a stronger first half and then softening in the second half based on the dynamics and the indicators that we see. We just talked about property maintenance and the CapEx side being softer than we have. And as interest rates improve and lending standards get a little more open, we'd expect that to continue to improve. And P&M, we expect growth to continue. When you get into industrial, we feel very good about Auto Refinish, Coil, Industrial Wood returning with new res. But there is choppiness across each of those and including GI, and we talked about packaging in the opening. So I think, as I've mentioned in the past, volume is the single biggest driver of operating margin and leverage. If the volume is better than what we have in our guidance today, we would expect to do better than that EPS.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, David. I would say that we saw the bigger impact of that through the first three quarters of 2023. Our expectation is we're going to see a headwind in the fourth quarter. And even though we had volume down low-single digit, I think the team did a really nice job of controlling their costs. And we actually saw a little bit of a tailwind in our fourth quarter, which allowed us to be a little bit stronger in gross margin in our fourth quarter. For 2024, my expectation is that because we're getting back to what I would call a more normalized bell curve when you look at inventories and how we build inventory coming into the spring selling season will drop inventory in our second and third quarters, and then build inventory again in our fourth quarter. It really allows -- and I'll talk specifically about our architectural plants. It really allows us to schedule those plants more efficiently plan our staffing the right way. And I do expect to see an improved performance from our global supply chain and our supply chain in general in 2024. We're not going to talk specifics on dollars in that, but we certainly expect a better performance as we get into '24.
Allen Mistysyn: Mike, can I just add one thing about that that we're talking specifically DIY. On the Pros Who Paint side of that, I know it's not a huge portion of that business. But I think the team has invested in that, working closely with our partners. And we have been taking share and growing faster than the market, and we expect that to continue going into 2024.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes. Chuck, the only thing I would add is we beat guidance in the fourth quarter. And I would say that a couple of things that drove that is less destocking than what we expected. As you typically see in the fourth quarter architecture, the seasonality, you see some destocking in the fourth quarter. But also, I give our Latin America and Europe teams, they grew low teens in the quarter, which was better than our expectations. So a little bit of positivity there.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes. No. And Greg, in 2024 price will be a little heavier than raw materials. As we talked about, raw materials will be down low-single digits, certainly nowhere near where it was in 2023. But I think Heidi said it, volume and specifically our pro architectural volume in our Paint Stores Group is what's going to drive that gross margin. It's our highest margin segment. It's growing the fastest and has the biggest opportunity. Don't get me wrong, all our segments have great opportunity in the targeted segments they play in. But certainly, Res Repaint, as we've talked in the past, largest segment, fastest growing, biggest opportunity. And like we've talked about in the past, we -- historically, we challenged the teams pretty hard. We set a tough goal for them. And as they have consistency achieving or above that goal, we'll raise the target. And we've done that in the past, and I need to get some comfort and consistency. But yes, we'll take the target up when appropriate.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes. Steve, the other part of your question, we typically do not see contractors go down in quality in an inflationary environment. Typically, in an inflationary environment, and we've talked about this in the past. We tend to do better on converting contractors to a higher quality product with the idea they're going to pay more for the product anyway. So try this better quality product. And to Heidi's point, it's going to make you more efficient and effective, and you'll get on and off jobs faster.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes. So Arun, with our consolidated forecast being up low-to-mid, that would tell you on a consolidated basis, we expect volume to be flat to up low-single digits. And to your point, Res Repaint certainly would be above the high, be up low to mid. But where we think the second half will play out and could we be above that range is really what Heidi just said on New Residential, the timing of that recovery and the timing of projects on Commercial through our first half into our second half. And that will dictate how our second half outlook will be determined.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Duffy. I think what you've heard us talk about in the past and going forward is our focus at driving operating margin leverage, and that's either going to come through gross margin expansion or SG&A leverage. And you're right, as we see a stronger top line, stronger gross margin expansion than we were planning, we are going to take the opportunity because of our confidence in our strategy to add incremental investments or accelerate investments in our long-term growth strategies, because we know based on our history from our data, from our metrics that we're going to get a return for those investments. And ad nauseam, you've heard me talk about 2008 and '09 a continued investments through that cycle in the high-single, low-double digit 10-year compounded average growth rates. And we believe we're in a very similar environment. So there are years where we are going to get SG&A leverage. And I believe you're right, we're going to annualize the investments, the strong investments we made in the second half and maybe have some deleveraging in our first half. But as we get back to the more normal cadence of investments, we'll see deleveraging. And then as the market normalizes and demand normalizes and we take an outsized share of that demand, we'll see leverage on our SG&A going out.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Garik. We absolutely have the price increase for Paint Stores as well as targeted price increases across each of the other segments in our full-year guidance. The -- when you look at our gross margin and the expansion, we expect it's probably going to be a little heavier in our first half with, like I talked about, the stronger raw material deflation that we're going to see in our first half plus the pricing in our first half. And so we'll see a little bit more expansion in our first half. And then although we do expect our second half to continue with the expansion, it just won't be as much year-over-year. Plus we're going against a tougher comp on our second half when it comes to our gross margin.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Adam. I think what our expectation is as new single-family starts, it continued to improve. Our first half will be -- one, just to be clear, if you look at 2023, the new single-family up starts were down significantly. As Heidi talked in the opening, we were down only slightly, which tells you we're taking share in that market, and we expect to continue to take share in that market. Our national account team, along with the field of Paint Stores Group field organization, do a terrific job at servicing those customers and adding tremendous value to those large national, regional builders and even local custom builders. So that being said, we are going to go up against a tougher comparison in our first quarter. So we do expect to be not as strong in our first half. But then as we see these completion -- starts coming to completion where painting is at the end of that project or that house, we expect to see a stronger second half.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes. Eric, I think to your point on the mix, I mean, we can point to across each of the segments and the opportunity that each of our painting contractors have. As you know, paint is a small portion of a painting project, and that goes for -- when you think about the cost of painting a new house or cost of painting a commercial job. So it's like really a small portion of the overall cost. But if you -- as you elevate to the higher qualities, they get such a great efficiency improvement. They can get on and off jobs faster. And over the last three or four years that we've been talking about labor shortages, it really is a big driver of that mix shift. So again, opportunities across all of the segments. And our painting contractors are understanding, boy, I can get more top line and bottom line growth with the same number of workers by moving to a higher quality product.
