Sean Hennessy: Eric, this is Sean Hennessy. Back to your point, just to remind everyone, when you look at the company as a whole, the price mix, we had slight positive volume, most of it was price. When you take a look at it, the other thing that we probably would point out to you in our gross margin is the gross margins on these acquisitions were really the majority of in the first quarter of the decline, the 44.2% down to the 43%. And our core was close to making it up in the first quarter. But as Chris pointed out, with the rapid increases in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, we think that for the full year, when you take a look at our gross profit with the acquisitions and so forth -- and we've shown you that slide in the past. When you have these rapid raw material increases, when we first get those, we do have a decline in our gross profit.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think when you take a look at the second half of the year, we start to anniversary the acquisitions. And when you start thinking about the way this has worked in the past, we feel very confident that eventually, we will be able to recover the raws and probably with -- from my comment, I would say that we're now starting to talk about 2012 before the gross profit percent gets back into the 2009 and '10 and -- or I'm sorry, 10% and 11%.
Sean Hennessy: I think with a couple of things, Jeff. You see, the inventory increase, I think we had a really nice conversion rate in the first quarter because of the amount of gallons that we made for a lot that into the efficiencies with their process when we transferred. And secondly, the price -- what they were able to do with some of the price. You just think about the Wal-Mart, we've talked about that being in the range of $70 million to $80 million. And if you take a look at it by quarter, that pretty well speaks -- if you're straight line on that, you're pretty close. They had a 1% sales gain even going up against that Wal-Mart. So we think that has more to do with timing. But they did pretty well with getting the selling price in the volume and then their costs were pretty -- they did a nice job on it.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. When you look at our inventory, we did allow our inventory to rise. Last year, we wanted to do two things. We wanted to make sure that we service our customer. Last year there was a lot of concerns about whether we're able to do that with some of the raw material shortages after the Rohm and Haas and Dow conversion. And so we brought -- we build the inventory higher and also helped us strengthen the raw materials before the big rise.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think that this has changed over the last decade or so. It used to be you would contract your volume out at around 80% to 85%, and you'd be in the spot [ph] Market for 10% to 15%. Now I think it's a more fluid situation. You're making agreements of how much you're going to be able to get from different people at different prices and -- we don't basically have a contract per se any more. They're probably more agreements that you look at. And so I think pricing, though, I mean, they're pretty public about when they're going out with these prices. They've also salvaged -- I've heard from different people where they say that there's 60 to 90 days for the pricing protection, which we've never said, but we've heard that they've said. And we didn't disagree with it. But whether that changes or not, we don't know. But I would say it's more on a quarterly-by-quarterly basis right now.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, you know what, Greg, I don't have that in front of me, quite honestly. I mean, the only thing -- because we really didn't do much work to break that out. We note -- what we -- just like from Chris' comments, it is a large piece of it, but we don't have that broken out.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. That price increase went in well. In fact of all 3 price increases last year, it was probably the most effective.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, the way the tax rules change -- the accounting for the tax rules about 5 to 7 years ago, discrete items which used to be, I would say smoothed over the year, no longer the case. And so as discrete items come in and -- we had a couple of discrete items come in, in the last two weeks of March that caused us to be a little lower in the first quarter than what we originally thought. It's not a great deal, but because the first quarter, the profit before taxes, the lowest number of all four, when you get a discrete item, the effective tax rate could change dramatically with the same dollar amount in the first versus the second versus the third. But you're right. When we said there look at our full year, what we think and the guidance we gave, which is the low-30s, that will tell you that our tax rate's going to be over 30, when you put the last three quarters together.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. What I was saying is we've given you the annual number of $70 million to $80 million and that's by quarter it's relatively streamlined.
Sean Hennessy: We raised CapEx around $20 million. You are 100% accurate. We've looked at some of the things including possibly in our flight department that needed to be upgraded. And so with the way the industry -- that industry we might take advantage of where prices are to do a couple of things there.
Sean Hennessy: That's in admin. And basically that was the old paint [indiscernible] that we had in Newark in New Jersey. We had some of the entries in the fourth quarter last year. And this year was the rest of it. But that's the end of it.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. But first of all, you have to realize we did take on quite a bit of debt, non-domestic debt, when we did those acquisitions outside the country, especially the Europeans. So we have those. And secondly, just because of the ramp up in the working capital, we were -- our cash flow, our net operating cash, was actually -- that was $153 million versus last year's approximately $100 million. So the working capital demand made us have a little more debt on the books.
Sean Hennessy: No, not at all. I think that that's -- we don't see anything to that magnitude. The other thing we did point out though is -- I know everyone added back $0.08, but we had a few things going the other way that would reduce that $0.08 that we have to go up against. But I fully -- I know where you got the $0.08.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think some of the bigger pieces that over the last couple of years we've done a few things and we've tried to do a few things. And #1 is environmental expense. And I would say that we've really made a conscious effort in the last 7, 8 years really to try to get, for a lack of a better term, no further action letters from the local and the national EPA. But some of the larger locations that we've had that we've put in our Q and if you get a chance to read the footnote regarding the environmental expenses. And so two years ago, we went down a path of a piece of property in New Jersey, Brownsburg, New Jersey that worked with EPA to try to get to the point where long term it's no longer a contingent liability. We also did it late last year with the Newark, New Jersey paint plant. We also did a lot of this work in Chicago, as well as at Emeryville. So we're hoping that in the next few years, we're going to be through the majority of those assets. So that has been in the -- caused a lot of the fluctuation. And then we've had a lot of different things in that admin line that have gone back and forth with the interest expense and some of the other things and what Chuck just mentioned. The warrants that last year in the second quarter was $0.08. And I'm sure if Chuck was still on the phone, he would tell you in the fourth quarter, there was also a piece there, so -- and then we've also taken a look at the assets. And last year, we're able to sell a couple of assets, some plants when we went through the rightsizing of the company a few years ago. There was a couple of pieces of real estate that we felt that really we didn't need anymore. So depending on where we were on the book value, we were selling different assets throughout. So the inventory of those type of assets are down. We're getting closer to the end of it. Our interest is -- I think we're done doing adjustments to our debt. So I think going forward it could be a lot less volatile than we've had in the last three to four years.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think that's probably that. When you take a look at the full year, I think the full year, you still have to go against those warrants that Chuck mentioned in the second and fourth quarter. But I think that it's probably not that bad of a modeling.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, when you take a look at -- let's go back April 1, we're also anniversarying the Sayerlack acquisition, the one acquisition. So we're going to start -- last year, the Sayerlack -- the acquisition gross margins are lower than our core. And so when you start to go up against on a comp basis we went ahead in the second quarter last year and we have in the second quarter this year.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, when you take a look at it sequentially, the acquisitions don't have the biggest sales -- bell-shaped curve as well as our other business. Our core business in the first quarter is one of the lowest. It's at the end of the bell-shaped curve. Theirs is more of a straight line. So you're right. They're going to have more impact in the first quarter than they're going to have in the second, third or even the fourth.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. [indiscernible] but you just have a larger piece of the core and a higher gross margin. And so that's why it won't have as much of an effect.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think what we've mentioned in the past, when you look at this wood business, this wood coatings business, the product finishes, we lump Sayerlack, we lump -- when we look at this business we talk about Inchem, Becker and Sayerlack acquisitions over the last few years. And over time, we think that we've looked at the infrastructure and we've looked at the type of sales they're making through these facilities, and we think that most of it is wood, but there's some opportunities for other substrates, whether that be plastic or metal. And when we -- as we do a few more acquisitions, when you take a look at some of the other things that we've done over Europe, we think that over time, we're going to be able to put more products through these plants, and we're going to get the sales up. The gross profit percents may not grow dramatic, never get to the exact position where we are in our core, but we think they -- it will run at a lower SG&A as a percent of sales and eventually, we can get up the margins. What we've talked about is that when we do an acquisition in the United States, when you think about Duron, MAB, Columbia, even smaller ones like VHT, over time, we can do those relatively quickly. We're just start hitting the margins up 12 to 15 months. What we've said is our game plan is going to be a little bit longer because we don't have the other assets in Europe or Southeast Asia that will do it. So we think a little -- it's going to take us a little more time, probably almost double the 15 months that it takes us inside the United States, but eventually, we'll get there.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I think that the volumes for the company, Eric, were slightly up in the quarter as we commented. Our store volumes through our comp stores was essentially flat. I think kind of what we've been seeing as we've been commenting for a while that there is some strains in the residential repaint segment, but we're still seeing year-over-year declines in demand and new construction market and some of the non-res repaint commercial specifically. And all those things are kind of giving us around this flat volume kind of sense of where we're headed. I think our guidance for the second quarter would indicate if you can kind of back out sort of the acquisition impact and the pricing impact and other modest volume expectation in the second quarter as well. And that's really the visibility that we don't quite have yet for the remainder of the year to see if that's going to rebound or not. At this point in time, we think it's going to be a -- will be a modest year for volume.
Christopher Connor: There's a number of things we're working on, Jeff, to deal with the increasing raw material cost pressures, grin and bearing it among them, by the way. But there are a whole host of projects underway from a technical standpoint to improve the efficiency of titanium's performance in a can of paint, so we can use less of it. There are lesser quality titanium manufacturers that are stepping up. Their consistency, they can get those products into paint grade. There's a whole host of activities underway. And I think what invariably ends up happening, when we see historically the same kind of the titanium cycle when pricing and operating margins in the business get too inflated, capacity comes back on. More people will cut price and look for market share gains inside the industry. DuPont's earnings was released this morning. The numbers on their performance chemical segment were off the charts, incredible. And I think that bodes well for some additional activity in this industry, whether it's capacity coming on or some price variance. So we'll see what happens. History is our guide here. This is a cycle that will have a back end to it. And it's our intention to be in pretty good shape when we get there.
Christopher Connor: We haven't broken it down that way, P.J. Generally, we just -- first, obviously, we always talk about industry raw material experience rather than our own. And we prefer to keep it as an overall basket of materials because there's a lot of movement within the basket, and we prefer not to get in at that level of detail. Suffice it to say that there's been pretty -- it's been pretty well documented how much TiO2 is up. And if we see kind of the mid to upper end of that range of inflation applied to TiO2, it gets us to the 8% to 9% inflation on the total basket. So with our mid-teen outlook, it tells you we anticipate pretty significant cost pressures across the rest of the basket, and most of that is propylene related.
Christopher Connor: No, I think, P.J., we've been consistent when we take price into the market. We're very transparent with the investment community relative to the pricing that we announce through our Stores Group. We give you, kind of, the tenth [ph] of a percentage point and the exact date we take it out. We don't share that same transparency with the Consumer Group given the ongoing discussions we have with various retail partners. But take comfort in the fact that these raw material cost pressures we're feeling are across all of our products, and our disciplines here would be intact, and we would expect our Consumer Group to be in the market with pricing in the same relative range, at the same relative timing that we announce through our stores, and that, in fact, has been the case. And they have been successful in getting pricing this year.
Christopher Connor: Of course. And by the way Don, as you know this, we agree with your assessment that the Department of Commerce numbers for 2010 don't make a lot of sense. If you look at our customer mix within our Paint Stores Group, you know we're 85% contractor and roughly 15% DIY. Our DIY business has actually been growing pretty dramatically. So if we were the same mix as the market, we'd probably be gaining share across all segments. We're confident that we are not losing share. We're gaining share in the contractor market. But it's just the mix that's causing us to probably -- to grow at a rate equal to or maybe slightly behind the market as opposed to losing share in these segments.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I think the -- Glidden has in fact, over the last several years, been reducing their store count in North America. I think you see in some pockets where there was a Glidden store of some volume gains that we'd see that spread over the stores that are in that same market. Again to Bob's point, these big commercial store locations that would be gathering business from that are still feeling the impact of the slower nonresidential market out there. So the repaints for institutional and commercial properties are lagging in the construction for both new res and new commercial is lagging. And we're weathering through that storm at the same time that we're able to generate our own substantial earnings improvement.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I think Bob briefly commented that we have seen a really nice rebound in our DIY business to our stores platform. That really began sometime in the middle of 2010. And the company did adopt a little bit more of an aggressive promotional stance at that point in time in an attempt to trigger buy and we have found that the DIY consumer particularly in this downturn is a little bit more sensitive to price promotions. And so we've implemented a little bit more of aggressive program there. Stains and paints off, percentage off, has been typically the way that we've gone at that. The percentages off have been pretty consistent throughout our promotional history, so 40% is not dramatically out of line with what we've done historically. And starting a little bit earlier this year than we might have in the past, our first quarter promotion, the one you're referencing that we ran a few weekends ago is a little bit early for us, but throughout the remainder of the year, these will be fairly consistent, pretty much lined up with exactly the same kind of promotional periods we had in 2010. And I don't think this is any significant shift in change in terms of how we market or what our expectations would be. Suffice to say, that the margin performance that we have in this DIY business is terrific. And so generating more footsteps to the door, even at these percentage discounts, is really good business for the company.
Christopher Connor: Well, we've always commented, Greg, that our pricing activity to our customers is always a raw material-driven event. So we've taken pricing in periods of declining volume in the industry as well as accelerating volumes. So that won't have that much of an impact on it. We will be paying really close attention to this continuing raw material cost index, and if it continues to run ahead of us, we'll probably have to take additional pricing.
Christopher Connor: Well, Kevin, I'm a specialist at answering generalist questions, so don't worry about that. Obviously, we are selling into a really consolidating retail customer base there. There are just a handful of people upscale left in that industry versus a decade ago where there were dozens and dozens of fairly robust regional home center chains and we really have a consolidated group. We have been very consistent in our comments that we have compelling products and brands and opportunities we think to add real value to one of those major players. We continue with an aggressive calling effort on them constantly. They're good customers of us today with our Minwax and Thompson and Krylon and other products that we sell into them. And if there was ever an opening, we'd be happy to fill it. What's the caveat to your point of maintaining our discipline here. So we have a growth strategy in this company in North America through our own Paint Store channel that provides us a lot of runway ahead. But we'd be happy to be a partner with one of these folks under the right circumstances. Time will tell.
Christopher Connor: Our protective and marine business has been performing nicely over the last several quarters. I think we have talked consistently with the street relative to the fact that in down cycles, this is an area that maintenance really can't be deferred for long periods of time. A lot of the stimulus money that went into our country and other countries around the world is starting to wind its way into paint portions of those projects. And so we're seeing a nice lift in that business literally around the globe, both in the U.S. businesses as well as our Global Group segment. In our vernacular, Chuck, because the industry refers to it protective and marine, we're much heavier in the protective side of that than the marine side of it. So while we do have some businesses that have some application characteristics or parts of ocean going and groundwater vessel, our lift in this business is mainly coming from the protective side where we're coating steel and concrete in a corrosive environment.
Christopher Connor: In April 1 of last year, we took approximately a 4% price increase through our Stores business. So until we get back around April 1 of this year, we have that price increase flow into the system. There was another 4% in July and then an 8% in December. So we've been essentially operating in 3 price actions, Dmitry, over these last several months. And the most -- furthest back one of those is now going to anniversary off. So we're essentially running on two price increases then.
Christopher Connor: Yes, the first quarter, obviously, the very low quarter for res repaint, there's literally no exterior house painting season through that portion. So I think the kind of volume numbers that we've been counting on in our Paint Stores Group, particularly where we see that the majority of that business is relatively flat would indicate that it was not falling off the charts and certainly not rebounding dramatically. We're just getting into the season now. We have had some rough weather. We see that in the fact that our exterior paint sales are lagging behind where they would typically be at this time. So hopefully that's indicating some kind of demand, and we'll have a much better feel for that at the end of the second quarter, Dennis.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I would say, Brian, that our philosophy on pricing has not changed, that again we remain a raw material-driven pricer. When we get these pressures, we've always begun with the process by pushing back to see if we can mitigate it from the supplier to us. Secondarily, what efficiencies we can bring in house to absorb it. And then third and finally, taking it to the customer base. In terms of, are we thinking about going on a more frequent timing basis, I would say 3 price increases in calendar year 2010 will be indicative of a willingness to go on a more frequent basis when the market demands us to do that. And finally, you're absolutely correct that our practice here has been to be careful about talking to our customers first and then advising the street of exactly what we've done by percentages on dates, et cetera. And at this point in time, we've not announced any additional pricing for calendar year 2011. We will be monitoring the raw material environment, and if we feel that we need to do that, we have shown in the past a discipline and the courage to get out and take the appropriate pricing when we need to. In terms of whether we're leading or following, that's never been a concern or a thought for us. Again it's really driven on where we specifically are in our raw material basket issue.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I think Sean's comment on the notion of a contract with these suppliers that really isn't perhaps the right way to think about it. However, I would tell you that we have great confidence and comfort that the titanium dioxide that we need get through this year is in good shape. No availability concerns.
Christopher Connor: That's a little further out than we have -- our relationships, our negotiations with these suppliers, I would expect that these folks will be able to keep pace with us for the foreseeable future.
Christopher Connor: Yes, there is restructuring opportunities, Greg, and we were less than a year into these acquisitions and there's all kinds of integration activities underway, and consolidations and those will continue to run for a while. And typically, when you first undertake those, there's a cost associated with them, but you would see the lift in the backside of it. So we're still very optimistic about these acquisitions. They're performing ahead of our expectations at this point in time, and they will be a contributor.
