Christopher Connor: Yes, Kevin, we don't have a lot of economic forecasting thinking that we do here. We look at the same information that you see. We think that housing starts are likely to be up slightly, perhaps in the low 600,000 range. We think existing home turnover will probably be fairly flat, plus or minus about 5 million units. So it's all those things kind of baked in there and a more normalized kind of maintenance schedule, probably is going to look more traditional in the range of low-single digits, what we would see in a typical environment, albeit off a lower base.
Christopher Connor: It includes what we have seen so far plus what we think will happen in the raw materials. So as you know, when you're doing a forecast, what you know so far is 100% certain. But we do have forecasts in there for different materials and so forth, and we're looking at the basket of raw materials for the paint industry to be up in the double-digit area. So when you take a look at that, that will include some type of a forecast for certain things and certain increases that we think will come throughout the calendar year 2011.
Christopher Connor: Yes, as we commented, Chuck, in the body of the call, the strength, particularly in the stores business has been in res repaint, which would include both the professional and painting contractors and DIY. And we had a very strong DIY, actually, third and fourth quarter in our stores this year.
Christopher Connor: I think the rebounding consumer confidence and the deferred maintenance and decorating that we've been talking about for a number of years is starting to have an impact more than the new residential home construction starts.
Christopher Connor: Yes, Don, we're confident that the Stores Group has in fact gained share this year across a number of segments that we monitor. Our volumes were actually up third and fourth quarter through that segment. And as we commented, while we've seen some nice performance out of the residential repaint, contractor and DIY, even in the segments that were off for us, new residential construction, commercial contractors, et cetera, we're confident the results we showed were stronger than what the market felt. So that source model continues to be a shared ramp for us.
Christopher Connor: Well clearly, we monitor that carefully, Don, the gap between our total store count versus the other folks that we compete against in the space. This has been a rough three- to four-year cycle. We've seen quite a number of independents go out of business and a number of the other super-regionals reduce their store count. We've continued to have a positive store addition number each and every year to the cycle.
Christopher Connor: We commented, Greg, that it was between the new stores and the acquisitions, but that's as much guidance as we're giving.
Christopher Connor: John, that's been the goal every year for the last 145. We certainly aren't throttling back on that at all. We talked about a net new store count this year in the 50 to 60 range. There'll be some still remaining closures from our big acquisition run in the middle of the last decade, but we're getting up to a closer kind of a gross opening run that we've had historically. And rest assured, that team is aggressively out looking to grow gallons.
Christopher Connor: We'll comment on some of the broad themes of controls that we do have. At the outset, let me comment that the significant raw material supplier relationships that we have, for the most part, are really critical to the final manufacturing products that we make. So the ability to drastically change those relationships is not strong, nor do we want it to be. And so we're really talking about some of the items around the fringe. And you mentioned a number of them. Through formulation, we can find some way to optimize formulas, to use less of these. We can bring other raw material suppliers up to paint-grade levels and quantify and qualify their raw materials as a source. We're capable of moving some of our purchasing from various suppliers. We're able to bring some of these raw material productions in-house, as we do make some resins inside the company. So there's a variety of strategies at play here, none of which will be significant to put a real dent in the numbers that we've commented on.
Christopher Connor: Yes, we've been real clear about this, Brian, in terms of giving the Street great transparency into our pricing activities, when we take them, the amount that we've taken, et cetera, when we announce it down to the specific date. Sean just commented on December 6. However, on prospective price increases, we don't comment on that, not until we've thought through the process, spoken with our customers first, et cetera. So the pricing that we've announced in the fourth quarter of last year is intended to carry us into this New Year, and we'll just have to wait and see how the raw material pricing unfolds and whether or not additional pricing is required. I think you can rest comfortably that historically, you can see the company has always had the same discipline here, that pushing back against raws first, trying to see if we can mitigate that internally through our own operations and then finally, failing those two steps, we will go to the market for pricing if we need to. At this point in time, there are no intentions or plans for further price increases.
Christopher Connor: Yes, the eastern seaboard has particularly been hard hit. Our stores do in fact feel that. There's days when there -- struggle to get them open, or lack of customers through the front door. You'll rarely hear this company talk about weather. We believe that weather comes every year. You're going to have these storms that are going to go through. They may impact a given week or month or even quarter but over the greater year, it's just not a thing we're concerned about.
Christopher Connor: Our expectation here, again, same caveat about the lack of economic forecasting that we hold ourselves accountable for in looking at the same kind of industry data that you can see, we believe that non-residential construction, the spending to that will be flat to down moderately. It's been pretty low, there's not a lot more to fall there. And we do think however, that non-residential occupancy rates and turnovers are going to improve a little bit and that will help on the stronger market, which is the maintenance side of it anyway. So all in, perhaps, the commercial side of this business should have a flat to slightly up year.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I think the DIY consumer is moved by promotional activity. That's been a forever marketing strategy in our industry. We were aggressive on our promotion schedules to the DIY consumers through our stores this year, P.J. That, again, has been consistent. However, the DIY pricing starts at a considerably higher level than what a professional painter would buy similar products for. So even with discounting, that mix would have been positive as we switch to DIY.
Christopher Connor: Sure, all of the time. We're working on both types of opportunities. And there's a lot of nice technology out there that's helping extend the use of titanium in formulations so that less can be used to achieve the same types of performance. So some of those products are winding their way to market, some are in tests. And I think there will be continuing science in that regard, not only from the paint manufacturers themselves but other raw material suppliers that see the same kind of tightness in the titanium environment. This, too, P.J., has been historic in our industry. And as we've gone through these titanium cycles in the past, other raw material technologies emerged that help mitigate the use of that. So I would expect we'll continue to see more of that going forward.
Christopher Connor: No. Again, when I think -- there was another question about what strategies do we have, and we made the comment that these types of movements are really around the edges of the core body of products that we sell. So I'd be hesitant or reluctant, or even unprepared, to comment on that percentage. But I don't think you're far off in terms of thinking it would be very de minimis in the under 5% range.
Christopher Connor: No, I don't know. It's pretty broadly based. All three segments, as we commented, Eric, had improving volumes. And to Sean's point, these are slightly above. These are modestly positive volume numbers in the low-single digits. So all three went the right direction.
Christopher Connor: We take a look at our production plan, we got asked this a few years ago, we pre-buy. And today, we just don't have the warehouse space. But what we're doing is we've adjusted our production plan to try to -- usually in the first quarter, this is where we build our inventory, to go into the highest sales season, and we're going to do everything we can to slightly be higher than what we would've been normally and higher than we were last year.
Christopher Connor: First of all, Ryan, I think our ratings are fine. And Sean commented earlier about the capital markets, availability to us and we feel like we have terrific access if there were deals out there that were appropriate, strategic and added significant value for our shareholders. Having said that, the type of deals that we've historically done have been much more bolt on and additive to our existing businesses and haven't required significant capital resources to get done. So we don't really find ourselves or feel that we're constrained at all in that regard. The acquisition environment is still better than it was three, four years ago. We're looking at a number of deals. We've talked about consistently our interest in continuing to build out our controlled distribution footprint in North America, as well as adding to our industrial coatings strategy on a global basis. And there are a number of opportunities out there for us to think about it.
Christopher Connor: Well, first of all, Andrew, on the first part of your question, the pricing that we get pushed back on from our contractors is 0.5% I mean these are not folks that are excited to get these, nor are we excited to pass them on. So they are doing their job as they should, which is to push back a little bit. As we've talked about the economics of this industry, you recall the typical paint job is 80% to 90% labor cost, 10% to 20% materials. So distasteful as these are, their ability to absorb it, modestly rate their pricing and cover their higher material cost is something that's been easy for them to do. So as Sean said earlier in the call, the price increases that we've implemented last year have all continued to go in on a fairly historic level, and we would expect that to continue going forward. In terms of our store count, you're accurate. And we've talked often about on our density mass at the western part of the United States, partly [ph] Western Canada as well as all of Canada for that matter, are areas that we can heavy up our store. You're seeing that both in our new store openings, as well as our acquisition interest.
Sean Hennessy: This is Sean Hennessy. And when you take a look at the progress we're making, we feel pretty good about the progress we're making. But as we mentioned on the last call, we believe the acquisition, in total, will be slightly dilutive in the first quarter. And for the full year, they will be slightly accretive for the year. And when we look at that, slightly means less than $0.05 a share.
Sean Hennessy: No, I think Chris said it perfectly. I think, Jeff, when you continue to do your model and you try to back into some kind of a unit volume, that's when you realize the Wal-Mart effect on the volume.
Sean Hennessy: Chuck, we were. We felt pretty good about the year. With the acquisitions, we were in the high 11s, 11.7%, up from 10.7% last year. Without the acquisitions, we were at 10.8% with those factors. That did cause us to be a source of -- use of cash this year versus last year, a source, but we think two things are going to occur over time. We think the acquisitions, we're going to be able to, again, start to approach 11% in total. Just think a couple of years ago, it took us a couple years, they're not as quick on outside domestic borders as well versus the international. But we think, eventually, we're going to get back down into that 11% range. And domestically, we're pretty happy with what we were able to do with the inventory and our receivables. And when you look at the receivables, we feel pretty good thinking about the market that we've just come through. But again, we think it will take us a couple years, but we'll get back down in that 11% range.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think we've been trying to get into this 60-40, 60% fixed, 40% floating. We were able to get closer to that. Last year, we were about 98% fixed. The two things we're trying to get to are floating, to take advantage of the short-term rates; and secondly, to get some non-domestic debt to create some natural hedges in some of these countries that we're in now for currency hedges. So we look at the gross debt, was around $1,050,000,000, net was just below $1 billion. We think that next year will be slightly higher than that $1,050,000,000. So somewhere in the $1,050,000,000 to $1.125 billion, but we also expect our EBITDA to grow. So we think that our leverage will not be much higher than we are today.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. The year-over-year change in the Admin segment appears large due to the fact that in 2009, Chuck, our administration expense was down as a result of adjustments in compensation and related expenses, including stock-based compensation. The change is less dramatic when compared to 2008 and '07. The primary contributor to the higher administration expense in -- the higher interest expense, including the repurchase of those long-term debts and the year-to-year change in compensation and benefits, including the change in stock-based compensation. You also bring up a couple other things there. We did sell three non-utilized assets, and we had a gain on that. That was cash positive. We took the proceeds in, and we were able to reduce some accruals that we had there for ongoing maintenance of those sites, as well as the gain on sale. We also had a hit in our rabbi trust for that long-term deferred compensation, which is not a cash use. It's just accrual. And over time, we would probably get that back over time because of investments that we've made.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think that what we've said is, because you're going to see it in the gross margin, but we think it was a little, slightly higher than $20 million to $25 million.
Sean Hennessy: We're going to try to avoid going down the model, Greg. And this is Sean. We've tried that, especially at the beginning of the year, we try to give you some outside looks at the sales of what we think in the sales and EPS. But a lot of times, as in the past, we mentioned, after the second quarter call, we've given you some type of guidance on gross margin and other things when we have a better view of selling prices that, what you're asking about, and also raws, back to what Jeff was saying, we've got a better view of what's going to hit in the current calendar year. But I think we're going to avoid giving any kind of guidance on gross profit at this time.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, as you mentioned, we put three price increases in. We put the first one in April and then again in August. And both of those are really reacting just like as historical. We feel that we've got enough time looking at the market. We think that it's running correctly or just like the normal. When you take a look at December 6, it's not that we've seen anything abnormal, it's just that December is our slowest month. And we'll probably give you a little more color on that at the end of the first quarter. But it's just, since it's December 6, and December's our smallest month, I'll avoid talking about that. But we think that the market forces are still in place, that when the raw materials go up, eventually we will get it back in the selling price.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. I think that we've realized 100%. It did come in tapered. We did start to see some in late '08, throughout '09 and now '10. We're at a fairly good run rate.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, this year, we're around $31.7, and we think it's going to be slightly higher than that. But we still think it will be in the mid- to low-30s.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, when you take a look at, first I'll mention the gross margin. We don't think it's changed. I think when two years ago, we hit -- last year, we hit 46%. In 2009, our long-term goal is that we think that we can eventually get back at and above that to a new peak. When you look at operating margins, we feel the same way. We don't think it's a new norm. When you look at 2007, 2008, we've commented eventually, we think that we've put the company in a position that we can get at and above those margins. So when you talk about the guidance for next year, I think when you first go out there at the beginning of the year, you have a lot of puts and takes, and you don't have just one scenario. You'll have three or four. And it used to be, at least a couple years ago, we actually got it to 12%, but our guidance was as wide as $1, between $3 and $4. So we're at $0.40, we have about three or four different scenarios. And what ends up happening is we start to see how the year starts out. And we start to get a better feel for what we think the raws are going to be at for the year and the selling prices, and it's a lot of other things wrapped in. And then we'll start squeezing it down and give you a little more answer and color on that. But that's really where we're at with the guidance.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think when you take a look at it, a couple years ago, we went out and did a five-year deal at 3.1%. We're monitoring the market right now. And we watch commercial paper and the dealers right now. We're able to get one, three, six-month commercial paper, as well as overnight. So we feel the commercial paper market is still fairly robust, at well below 0.5 point of interest. So we think that's still pretty good for the shareholders. When we start to see that tighten up, we probably would do what you said.
Sean Hennessy: Well, I think in a normal scenario, you would say the first quarter would be the best situation because we're anniversary-ing three price increases overall. So after April, we start to anniversary that first price increase. So the actual effect of selling prices on the volume will be the highest in the first quarter. And then as we annualize them, it'll be reduced. So when you take a look at steps, the year-over-year sales and then the year-over-year selling price increases. But really, when we take a look at how the raw materials flowed in and out, it's been anything but normal. So I think it's hard right now to say exactly which quarter is going to be the highest or where we're going to see the lowest peaks.
Sean Hennessy: It's below that double digit. And the fourth quarter raw materials were the highest quarter increase that we had.
Sean Hennessy: Well, I think so. I think that, that segment is also working on selling price increases. And so they're out there today working on that and they're getting some. So that's part of the effectiveness that we talk about when we say what over time we eventually get to, and why it takes a little bit longer. But when you take a look at it, that segment's out there implementing price increases.
Sean Hennessy: I can tell you, in each of the four quarters, the DIY gross margin was higher than the painting contractor gross margin in the Stores Group. And that was true for every quarter last year, even with the discounting.
Sean Hennessy: When you take a look at the first quarter, Eric, this is Sean, first of all, the Obamacare. In the first quarter last year, we really had to take a $0.10 hit in our tax rate in the first quarter. And so a couple things, the $0.30 really is $0.40, and so the increase is not as dramatic. And the first quarter, $0.10 in the first quarter, makes dramatic because it's our smallest quarter. So when you take that in consideration and some of the things that went the other way, where we were able to sell those assets, we're going to go up against that in the fourth quarter. We have some other things that were going to go up against other quarters. It just seems like this, probably, was one of the biggest movement quarters quarter-by-quarter. We had a lot of different moving parts, but when you take a look at that Obamacare, it's dramatic in the first quarter.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, couple of other things that really affected it. We also had -- in another quarter, we actually had a $9 million sale of -- we sold an asset, and then -- a small asset, but that was $9 million worth of goodness in one quarter. I'd mention again, in other quarters, where we're going up against the sales and then environmental expense. We're going to be doing a lot of remediation this year in our Chicago site, hopefully completing that this year or the first quarter of 2012. So those are the type of things that are going on and that can change quarter by quarter. But the first quarter was, again, the fact that Obamacare -- but I understand what you're saying, but there's just a lot of other things that we take a look at. And at the end of the first quarter and second quarter, then we'll probably have better idea of what's happening with selling prices and raw materials.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think when you look at the consumer segment, there's sort of a combination of both. We had some one-time hits last year, we also had the sales in there. But also I go back to the full annualization of the rationalization. So I think there was some business changes that we were able to maintain and so forth, but that's really the big piece there, and the big piece of consumer was those one time. And that's why you saw it go from 1.9 to 10. 1.9 was probably understated because of the hits and so forth. And Stores Group, the 50 basis points, 13, 13.5, that was, I mean, you sit there and see that impairment last year, that was probably the majority of that 50 basis points.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, on the global side, I would tell you, again, in the fourth quarter, we went from minus 0.3% to 4.5%, again last year, really, the impairment. But even with that impairment, we did see the improvement in ROS. So we think that, that's probably a good run rate. Last year, we we're talking about that 3.9% was depressed. This year, 5.9%, again, without the acquisitions. And if you add back there, we had some nice improvement in the ROS, and we think the ROS is on its way here in the Global Group.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. And every time we do an acquisition, we see this. If you go back, when we did Duron and Purdy, our working capital went from around 11% to 13.5%. As we continue to integrate those, we actually got it back close to 11%, and we did seven acquisitions a few years ago, and that drove it back up to 12.5%, 12.7%. We actually were able to get back down to the 10.7% last year. So without the acquisitions, our DSO was up slightly, and our inventory days were actually down slightly. And as Chuck pointed out, the raw material inflation that we've seen in our raw materials, really was offset a little bit by the payables number. So the payables covered the inflation somewhat, but we feel pretty good about our working capital with our balance sheet.
