Robert Wells: Yes, I think over the last few years we've seen really strong growth in residential repaint, not just company-wide but industry-wide We've been growing residential repaint double-digits for five consecutive years, we think the industry is probably growing in the high single-digits. And a couple things driving that; one is home value appreciation, although home turnover has been slower than we expected at this point in the cycle, values have inflated and that gives homeowners confidence in reinvesting in renovation and redecorating projects. The second thing is the decision by baby boomers at this stage in the cycle to agent place; they've been investing in a lot of things over the last decade or two including kids' education, college educations etcetera, and now they're kind of unleashing some capital to renovate the family home or so it appears. Those are probably the two biggest drivers.
Robert Wells: In terms of outlook, the -- by most measures I think our residential remodeling spend grew in the upper single-digits, the 7%, 7.5% range in 2018. We expect a little bit of moderation in that number in 2019 back to like the 6% to 6.5% range but still a strong year from a historical perspective.
Robert Wells: Bob, we're not going to put a number on it but I would tell you that as we've mentioned before, our teams are very excited about the opportunities that we continue to harvest as we're working through this. Getting our teams together around the world dialing through this is creating more and more excitement. So every quarter that we've talked about it, we have felt good and I would tell you every quarter we feel better about what we've accomplished and what's ahead.
Robert Wells: Let me take the back side of that. As far as what's going to be different; Ghansham, I look at our position in the marketplace and clearly, we're very excited about the relationship that we have with Lowe's and I'll just talk about the alignment we have with our reps, but I'd also say that alignment starts at the top of the organization, the leadership there has very high expectations and we're excited about helping them grow into a number of segments and bring in the simplified branding proposition to them is as exciting, as well as making sure that we have people to help their sales associates. But it doesn't stop there, we've got a lot of wonderful customers in Menards and Ace and some of these other customers who have very strong desire to grow; and our approach to this is we want to help them in their specific areas of growth in bringing the services, the products, and brands that can help them reach their goals. Overall though when you when you look at the future and you say, okay, so what's different; it's our continued focus on those differentiators that we think will help each of our customers reach their goals that we think will help separate us from our competition and our customers to win.
Robert Wells: I think you're right in what you said about the tag being at the higher end and your breakout between volume and price. And I think it's right where we were thinking it would be on the January 15th call; even we talked about January starting off a little bit better but it's a small amount as John highlighted and we'll see how the first quarter goes when we get into March which is the most significant part of the first quarter.
Robert Wells: Arun, I won't size up the opportunity per se but you're absolutely right. As John mentioned, our first half raw material costs year-over-year will be higher than our second half. And as you know, with a 12.8% EPS growth at the midpoint, we're going to have to see margin expansion. And I think we're going to make good progress on that in 2019. But we have ways to go to get back to the previous company gross margins that that we would expect.
Robert Wells: You're going to have -- our biggest is probably in the salary increases that we're putting through, and -- we're going to be at market, it's going to be low single digits. And I think you're still -- we're still going to see some headwinds on the freight side of our basket, it went up significantly in '18 and we do believe it's going to be up again in '19, not near to that magnitude but certainly some additional headwinds there. And I think those would be the two main buckets.
Robert Wells: John in his opening comments highlighted the macroeconomic variables and the uncertainty around that. If you think about our first quarter, it's a small volume quarter so you get some relatively swings in volume cause larger percentage swings; and as we have talked about in the past, our first quarter and our fourth quarter are more impacted by weather. So, to get to the high end of that range it's going to come out of our stores in the U.S. and Canada being better than what we thought.
Robert Wells: Kevin, I'd also adds to this that over the past historical view of the company, those choppy areas have also been areas of terrific opportunity for Sherwin-Williams. What you shouldn't expect is that we're going to stop adding stores or investing in innovation; you know, throughout those choppy years in the past we were the ones that have continued to invest in those areas that helped us kind of -- almost like a coil, spring back the market started to return. So we're going to continue to invest in our businesses in important areas but to Al's point; he reminds me every morning when I come in with a smile on my face talking about the sales flash that it's January. And so we're very guarded but we're optimistic.
Robert Wells: Well, I do think we're taking share, Scott, based on our growth rates, particularly in Residential Repaint. But I would also say these are kind of odd times relative to historical cycles. We've seen a decoupling of growth in existing home turnover and growth in Residential Repaint and remodeling activity. The latter, it continues to go up and up and up, while the former has languished for the last year. So I think the short answer is, we're seeing a lot more remodeling and redecorating activity done by homeowners who are planning to stay in place. And oftentimes, the decision to stay in place triggers investment in remodeling and redecorating. I'd also say that, to your point about uncertainty in the macro housing environment, we view that, a significant portion of that, as somewhat short term, much of which we'd attribute to the lack of affordable supply. And many buyers have been shut out of higher-cost markets, and the builders are almost unanimously working to develop lower-cost product finds. We think they're going to figure this out. And in the short term, we've seen a step-up in multifamily activity that's kind of filling the void of the incremental housing demand. But longer term, we think that the rate of household formation at this $1.3 million to $1.4 million level is sustainable. And to us, that translates to incremental demand for housing over the next 5 years.
Robert Wells: And before I get into that, Truman, it's worthwhile pointing out that, obviously, the majority of the inflation that we anticipate in 2019 is actually from annualizing raw material increases that we incurred in '18. So you recall that we saw a pretty meaningful step-up in raw material costs, particularly in the petrochemical side of the basket midyear last year, and so we're going to go 2 quarters before we annualize that. From kind of a pieces-parts standpoint, supply -- we think supply and demand in North American TiO2 is kind of at an equilibrium level that should result in fairly stable pricing. The decline in the cost of the petrochemical feedstocks that we've talked about should result in some sequential declines in the cost of resin, latex, plastic packaging, solvents and some of the additives. But it's difficult to predict when these commodities will show year-over-year declines. It's also important to keep in mind that, downstream from the feedstocks I mentioned to the monomers and the resin intermediaries, there are supply-demand dynamics that will affect price movement. So it's not just a matter of cheaper propylene translates to cheaper resins. Metal packaging has also been a real inflationary area over the past year due to the spike in steel and tinplate. And as steel prices reset lower, we should see some sequential improvement in the price of those products as well, but the timing is difficult to predict.
Robert Wells: Well, the longer oil and the oil derivatives remain where they are, the more easing of inflation we should see. It's more of a timing issue than a matter of if, assuming, of course, that the supply of the intermediaries remains sufficient. On TiO2, we have not yet seen softness in demand in Europe, and probably less so in Asia Pacific, translate to declining pricing in North America. And to the extent that, that does not create slack in the chloride market, that it really affects more sulfate product, you won't see a big move in North American chloride product. So right now, our outlook for TiO2 is stable, and our outlook for the petrochemical side of the basket is it will decline slowly as these feedstocks remain down.
Robert Wells: Don, in terms of your question about weather impact, as we said on the 15th, when you see a decline kind of mid-quarter with a rebound at the end of the quarter, that doesn't -- that indicates to us that it's something other than fundamental demand that is affecting our business in the middle of the fourth quarter. So -- and, and one only need look at weather data, particularly for the Eastern half of the United States, to know that a good portion of the country was underwater during the fourth quarter. So it feels like it was some, at least, partial impact from weather.
Robert Wells: Probably, not significantly. I mean, as a reminder, if you're breaking down the market, the industry, only about 6% or 7% of industry gallons go into commercial new construction. So a pickup in completions will help our business because it's a high-share segment for us. But it doesn't drive market growth to a meaningful degree over all. It looks like kind of a mixed bag in U.S. architectural. Housing starts have been weak, but there was a jump-up in housing -- in new home sales in November. If that drives a little more order growth going forward, that would be a good thing. Residential Repaint activity, which is the largest segment in the pro market, has been very strong for the last 5 years. And based on very early indications, it continues to be strong. DIY, on the other hand, has been lagging over the last couple quarters. And whether that is continued migration of business away from DIY toward do-it-for-me or whether the DIYer is just taking a pause, don't know. All of that -- it's a little early to start calling rate of industry growth in 2019. But based on the macro drivers that we're looking at, we -- it feels like 2.5% is a reasonable estimate. We're not going to be off by too much at that rate of industry growth.
Robert Wells: We haven't seen a change in buying patterns across the segments in January -- a significant change from fourth quarter to January.
Robert Wells: We also have some industrial wood exposure in Europe that's been soft as well. And when we acquired those businesses back in 2010, they made a point about the fact that they have a pretty solid joinery business, which would go into primarily residential construction.
John Morikis: Yes. I'd say from our perspective, we've been very deliberate in developing products and services that meet that customer's needs, and we take a very deliberate approach to this, we want to make sure that our products and our services help those customers make more money, we've got a terrific field organization through our stores to be responsive to these customers, and I think we're executing very well at the store level and rep level.
John Morikis: Let me begin by taking the January portion of it. Our comment that we're off to a very good start, January sales will come in high above our first quarter guidance, so we're feeling good about that momentum. And as far as the year -- Al, you want to…
John Morikis: I think we're going to continue to run the same pace here, that 80 plus to the 100 range, we feel good about that pace.
John Morikis: Bob, we certainly expect the margin expansion and we thought coming out of our second quarter, year-over-year improvement and then as you know, we took an accelerated increase in raw materials, that team is going out with price again. We believe that price is effective along with good tight SG&A controls and the synergies they are realizing, and to end the year flat on an operating -- essentially flat on an operating margin standpoint year-over-year, we feel very good about that.
John Morikis: It might be helpful; I'll break it down a little bit by region as well. Chris, the largest that we have, obviously North America, has been the best performing for all of our segments. The one standout I would point out would be coil; we talked about that last year, the tariff impact on our coil business here in North America has been significant but overall, our performance here in North America has been terrific. Asia, I'd say coil was strong and GI was strong as well, and the drag that we're feeling there is in our industrial wood business, and that's also tariff related as well. And that a lot of customers there that are feeling the impact, we have customers that are moving manufacturing throughout Southeast Asia, and our teams fortunately were positioned well to capture it but our customers are in a -- kind of a state of flux as they're moving manufacturing from one country to another to be responsive to their tariff issues. Latin America; I'd say our GI and our packaging were very strong performers, [indiscernible] position our automotive business down there, we had some softness in the fourth quarter but our team down there is terrific, we've got a great leadership down there, great position and they've got confidence about the year 2019 as well. Overall, Europe I'd say was the softest and I would say that's across all of our businesses, and that's something that's continued here as we've turned the corner in the year as well.
John Morikis: Chris, we have talked about Performance Coatings Group getting into the high teens to low 20s, as we integrate and as you recall the Valspar business was in the high teens, low 20s already; and the synergies that would help bring up the legacy Sherwin businesses. The same goes on the other side for consumer, and we believe getting those high teens and low 20s is still a reasonable target, and we're going to help drive the legacy Sherwin is going to help drive the legacy Valspar low teens up to that mid teen, high teen number, and that's our expectation still.
John Morikis: Ghansham I'd say that it's -- when you speak with our customers it's a very bullish discussion that we're having, our customers remain very confident about the year, the bidding that they're doing and the backlog that they have had, as well as what they see going forward. So we're feeling pretty good about our position and we're excited about continuing to grow market share in this space. You mentioned new residential, and we feel as though we've done very well on the national builder level, we're having very good penetration in the regional and local builders. Our position in the commercial side is strong and getting stronger, and we continue to pound away at this residential repaint. The point I'd make though as you go across the various segments, it's hard -- you're hard pressed to find customers that are anything but excited about the market that we're in right now.
John Morikis: Let me let me talk first about the year-over-year margins, and as you recall, we talked about a $0.40 hit, that's about $50 million, about 40% of that was onetime and we realized those in our third and fourth quarter. You also have the ongoing investment so that other 60% as we've been ramping up the program, adding reps to get our rep coverage down to three to four stores per rep versus where we were and the other incremental investments in a small quarter that we have with the seasonal volume adjustments and consumer, it weighed heavily on the margins in the quarter year-over-year. On the...
John Morikis: Yes, I'd say the excitement is consistent. I'll mention, the new stores that we're adding, the new products that we're introducing; we just had our team together this week at those sales meetings to just share information about the opportunities going forward but it also gives us an opportunity to talk with our teams about what they see and we're feeling good about the momentum that we have.
John Morikis: It was a good quarter for us and we had a lot of momentum in that protective marine business. We've talked over the last couple of years, we took a little harder hit when the petrochem share -- I'm sorry, the market went down because of our share in that market; that's come back and at the same time we've been working very hard in the adjacent markets. So, this is -- it's a good area of performance for us, terrific leadership here, a lot of new products coming out as well, and we're unique and that we're able to leverage our store distribution platform when needed, and as well as going direct on these larger projects as they're coming in. So we really like our position and really are -- we have very high expectations for that team here in 2019.
John Morikis: Kevin, one of the things that we would do is we'd look opportunistically at consolidating facilities, maybe faster than we thought or planned. We are controlling SG&A tight as we go, and I think as we see the year unfold and we have talked about this in the past; we really need to see how the second quarter unfolds, it's a large quarter and that will tell us kind of how some of these macroeconomic environment things work out, and we're just from there but certainly leading up to the second quarter we're going to control our SG&A pretty tight.
John Morikis: So a few questions there. First, price was approximately 2.5% in our North American stores. Same-store sales in North America were up about 3%. When you talk about the interior and exterior, I would describe it this way: they were both up mid-single digits, but both were below our expectations.
John Morikis: We're making progress down there, the teams are working hard. And to your point, we had a currency issue that we've had to deal with. But progress on the ground is -- it's moving in the right direction.
John Morikis: Not really, but we strongly suggest that they do. Now I'd say it's hard to really pin that down, Mike. We do feel very comfortable, as we've described, a lot of things going in the right direction but I don't think we can point to that as a driver or a speed bump.
John Morikis: I'd say our business in China, Mike, is going through a little bit of a transition as it relates to the Huarun [ph] brand on the architectural side. They've been predominantly a brand that's focused on a lot of the wood -- interior wood that's been applied in-home. And much of that is shifting to a factory-applied product. The benefit of Sherwin and Valspar coming together includes our ability to bring technology to them to help them differentiate. We don't want to just go over there and try to be the lowest supplier, by any stretch. We want to bring technologies and brands and different features that we can help that team separate themselves from the competition as well. So we're going through that transition right now, and the strategy development is well underway, and we're executing pieces of it, but there's a long way to go.
John Morikis: And I think that last piece is a really important component. The services, the products and technology, as we continue to introduce more, as these companies come together and we're able to leverage the benefits of both companies and bring those to our supplier -- or our customers in a way that positions us as a stronger supplier, a better partner, helping them reach their goals, that's an important component in our ability to get the pricing as well. So it's all coming together very well. But to Al's point, it's going to just take a little bit of time. We want to work with our customers. We want to keep the customer but also work with them in a way that allows us to get the price as well.
John Morikis: Yes, coil would be a component, Dmitry, to your point, but if it remains down significantly, that it could have an impact. But there, we've got a pretty diversified business, and to be truthful to you, the market share that we have versus the opportunity, I'm not too worried about that right now. We've got a lot ahead of us to accomplish there. So we're pedal to the metal here in Coil Europe.
John Morikis: No, but in the spirit of transparency, I did mention earlier that the European market for our Performance Coatings business was the softest, and -- in 2018, and that's continued as we've -- the first to lap here with January.
John Morikis: We're very pleased with the performance of our packaging business, one of the strongest that we have. We have a very unique technology in our product. It's a V70 product that is leading application and coverage product. So we're excited about the growth that we're gaining here because of the ability for this product to run smoother and more efficiently in the plants of our customers. And so we are out. We're getting more and more approvals from the various influencers and owners. And we've had tremendous success getting the product online and demonstrating the value that can be generated even though the product might be slightly more expensive. But overall, the applied cost of this product is a savings and efficiency enhancement to our customers. So really excited about where this team is going.
John Morikis: Yes. I think it's fair to say better than the market; but in Europe last year, they had some dynamics in packaging that affected the overall market that we were impacted by as well.
John Morikis: Well, if you look at things like the harvest of product or food and the impact that it's had on our customers that has a direct impact on us.
John Morikis: Yes, I'd say as a group, overall. We try to avoid having discussions about weather and vegetables on our earnings calls, so...
John Morikis: I would just say that we're in discussions, some stronger, and we're more optimistic than others. But there's a long way to go. And a lot of I's to dot and T's to cross, so I don't want to get ahead of ourselves here. And we're having good discussions, so I'd leave it at that.
John Morikis: Well, our stores will have to grow -- they'll carry it, Eric. As you know, they're the engine of the company, so we have high expectations there. But if you go across the industrial businesses, we feel as though -- the Performance Coatings business would be, as a group, probably the second fastest-growing, and then our consumer group in the lower single digits.
John Morikis: They would all be key levers that we're using. We do believe that our market share growth is an important lever, but we certainly see opportunities across all of those that you mentioned.
John Morikis: No. The only impact, Chris, would be that if the projects themselves are pushed back, right, due to weather, temperature, rain, whatever it might be, but the application indoor, if it's a protected environment, the ambient conditions are typically such that they can apply what they need to apply.
John Morikis: Thank you, Jessie. I'd like to close this morning by taking a moment to acknowledge the contributions of a valued member of our management team over the past 17 years. Since 2002, Bob Wells has been the voice of Sherwin-Williams to the investment community. Over the years, Bob has built a stellar reputation on Wall Street for his industry expertise, candor, integrity that has served both the company and our shareholders well. What you may not know is that Bob has also been a tireless public policy champion for our company, a community ambassador and a trusted adviser to me and the members of our management team. For the past year and a half, Bob has been grooming Jim Jaye to assume responsibility for Investor Relations for the company. I know many of you have met Jim, spoken to him by phone, or perhaps knew him before he joined Sherwin-Williams. He's a seasoned and talented executive, and I have the utmost confidence in his abilities. On June 1 this year, Jim will take over the Lead Investor Relations role, and Bob will shift his focus to some important organizational development projects. Between now and June 1, Bob will continue to serve in his current role, attending conferences, participating in roadshows and, along with Jim, returning your calls over the next few days. Wanted to make this announcement today to give you the opportunity to wish Bob when you see him. With that, I'd like to thank you for joining us today and thank you for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
Allen Mistysyn: You know, we made a comment on the last call on 15th about giving you an update on 2020 outlook at our June Investor Day. And I think we get about 6 months in under our belt and an outlook for the rest of 19, we can do that.
Allen Mistysyn: So Nishu, when you look at the year, we always start with our U.S. and Canada paint stores that are still the growth engine of the company, we'll continue to drive to the higher end of that sales guidance of 4% to 7%. As you recall, we went out with a price increase on October 1 of 4% to 6% which should give you about effectiveness, a little close to 2.5%, and -- then the rest is really price mix. We really expect consumer to be at low single-digits and we're still seeing headwinds outside the U.S. in that group. We see some headwinds, continued headwinds in the retail part of that channel and we're -- as we've discussed, we're very excited about the Lowe's program. Even though we're not going to talk about it in particular in deference [ph] to our customer, we feel very good about where we're positioned and where we're at or a little bit ahead of our pro forma coming into '19 and with '19 included. And then I'd say Performance Coatings; we still feel like even with the short-term headwinds related to the tariffs that we had talked about, industrial, wood [ph] in China and in our coil business in North America, we still feel like mid-single digits is a good number for that group, it will be a little choppy by business by segment but overall, we've got a lot of momentum and a lot of good programs going and we feel very good about that. Couple of other data points would be; FX is going to be a little over 1% headwind for the year, and I think price we talked about 2.5% in stores but overall close to 2% on price.
Allen Mistysyn: As John talked about, we're going to still pay down another $600 million in debt in 2019. That should get our debt to EBITDA leverage below 3. And we're still targeting a long-term leverage ratio of 2 to 2.5. As far as being specific about the share buyback, here's what I would say. As we've talked about, we're getting back to our policy of -- and our historic policy. We're going to keep CapEx below the 2%. We're raising the dividend 31% to get back towards the 30% of prior year EPS. We believe that's the right place to be. And then absent M&A, we're going to buy our stock back. So rather than giving you a definitive, we'll see how the year plays out.
Allen Mistysyn: Truman, we've been reluctant to break out synergies by segment. But what I will tell you is, in 2018, approximately 40% of the $180 million was in cost of goods sold. The remaining in SG&A. In 2019, at the midpoint, $75 million, about 2 -- about 55% of that will be in cost of goods sold versus SG&A. And then, just as a cadence for 2019, about 2/3 of that $75 million will be in our first half compared to one-third in our second half.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, John, you're absolutely right. We took a -- probably a close to 20% or a little over 20% FX hit that really impacted both their top -- their sales. But that being said, that team has done a very good job of raising price. As you know, a significant portion of the raw material basket is U.S. dollar-denominated. So as the currencies devalue, costs go up, and we've been chasing that with price and with controlling our SG&A. And I would say their profit was positive year-over-year. Or I should say positive...
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, it's always volume, Mike. That's always the lead. And as we see U.S. stores grow and some of these short-term headwinds get annualized, we'll have a better feel for that. But demand is always the lead driver. Raw materials turnover certainly helps, but volume always drives the bottom line faster than anything else.
Allen Mistysyn: We have work to do in Performance Coatings, for sure. And when you say close the gap, I look back to 2017 and the increases we took throughout '17 and the fact that the Valspar businesses did not get the price increases that were needed. So we're still chasing that, and we need to get it as we continue to offer the services that we do to these customers.
Allen Mistysyn: We've talked about the U.S. stores. The effectiveness improves over time, and we'll get to up to 75% over the 9 months. So we're still working through that. And the effectiveness is on track with where we expected to end with similar price increases. When you move to our other businesses, and we don't talk about those in detail as much, just because they're more choppy and the timing and amounts. And as you can imagine, the different businesses and different geographies have different load-in rates. So we believe we're getting the effectiveness we need. We see that in our Performance Coatings performance in our fourth quarter in particular. And we'll see continued effectiveness as we go through 2019.
Allen Mistysyn: No. The program cost that we'll talk about in the first quarter is just your ongoing cost, and I'll just take the opportunity to, as a reminder, our first quarter in consumer is a small quarter still. So we're going to see the impact of the margin on those program costs that are -- I don't want to say 100% fixed but are pretty fixed. So in a small quarter and volume, we're going to take a hit on operating margin year-over-year.
Allen Mistysyn: No, there's not another moving piece. It will depend -- like I said, the share buyback will depend on M&A activity, but I think you're directionally accurate with the pieces.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, we'll adopt the new standard in 2019. And we'll see an increase in assets and liabilities of about $1.7 billion to $1.8 million.
Allen Mistysyn: The leverage ratio, when you look at it from the rating agency standpoint, they're already factoring in a portion of that. But yes, you think about a $3 billion-plus EBITDA, it's 0.5 or 0.7, somewhere in that range.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes, Dmitry. But as I said, the pricing comes in differently than it does in our stores. It's not as uniform. So certainly, we saw some price impact our fourth quarter sequentially from the third quarter and, certainly, year-over-year. I think the team has done a very good job at managing their expenses. They have done a very good job of integrating and getting synergies faster than what was planned, and there's more work to do. But as we get in further into the integration, we start getting in the formulation changes, facility consolidations and the like. And they take longer, and the savings are harder to predict on timing. I would say, just sequentially, you're right. Our first half, from a raw material standpoint, is going to be higher year-over-year, and we're continuing to put price in to offset that. How well, we -- and effectively we can implement that, I'll tell you if we can start seeing margin expansion in our first half versus, I agree with you, for sure, in our second half.
Allen Mistysyn: That's correct. But you also had the effect of 2 price increases essentially in our fourth quarter of '17 because we went out October 1 in '17 versus December 1 in '16. So that moved it a little bit as well.
Allen Mistysyn: We're just not going to break out what we think our margin growth is going to be. But as I mentioned, the 12.8% increase EPS at the midpoint. It tells you we're going to have margin expansion in the year.
Allen Mistysyn: Yes. The $300 million that's due in June, we'll retire that. Plus we'll retire another $300 million in short term that we had outstanding.
