John Morikis: Yeah. This is Bob. As we indicated in our prepared remarks, the raw material inflation for the industry in second quarter was slightly above our expectation, and that puts it just above the high end of our 5% to 6% inflation range for the full year. We originally said we expected raw material inflation to peak in the second quarter and moderate in the back half. And based on the recent move in propylene and some of the crude oil derivatives, we now believe that year-over-year raw material inflation will be higher than we originally expected in the third quarter. And we expect to see pricing stabilizing in the fourth quarter probably as opposed to declining meaningfully. So, our raw material outlook has changed somewhat, and that’s embedded in the full-year guidance.
John Morikis: Yeah, Arun. I do believe we’re going to be in that low-20% mark. I think the – based on lower first quarter and where the year estimate was, I think that equates – I think it’s closer to your $0.20 to $0.25 a share. But we did have goodness in our second quarter. We are consistently looking at lowering our tax rate. One way to do that is by consolidating foreign entities, and we have a large number of foreign entities today with Valspar. It's just hard to predict timing and, sometimes, magnitude of those changes. But we did have a consolidation in our second quarter that lowered the tax rate to that 20.5% core that helped drive that full year tax rate to the low 20s.
John Morikis: Yes. The price/mix effect, Arun, in the quarter was approximately 2.5%. And I would say our outlook for the comp stores going forward is very strong. We're feeling – the momentum that we have here is terrific. I mentioned the res repaint business, the Protective & Marine all growing very strong. Every segment's moving in the right direction. So we're feeling quite positive about our stores, and we think that's only going to continue.
John Morikis: Well, I'd say that what it did do is create some pressure in the sense that, that first quarter was tough. So the construction industry got off to a slow start, not just painting. And so it's pushed some volume, we believe, into the third quarter. The momentum that we have here, we think, is terrific. We think we're growing share. We're growing momentum. We think 6.8% comp is a good number, and we believe we're going to continue to grow.
John Morikis: It’s hard to generalize on the question of are they getting more – increasing in value, perceived value of the owners or not. I think that varies. I will say this. We continue to monitor the industry for what we believe to be a good fit for Sherwin-Williams. And most likely, these deals in the shorter term will be smaller bolt-on that will help us expand technology and maybe add or enhance geographic – our footprint geographically. But we're out there. We're having good discussions. And we're engaged, looking for the right opportunities. We're not just out looking for anything to put us anywhere. We're very disciplined in our approach, and we're excited about some of the discussions we're having.
John Morikis: Duffy, if anything, we're seeing a more rational pricing environment than a year ago. So we're feeling pretty good about the environment as it exists.
John Morikis: Let me take the simplified product offering, and I'll ask Al to comment on your second part of your question, P.J. We're not going to give any of the specifics, but I will share with you the overall direction we are taking with Lowe's is to, in fact, simplify the offering. And part of that comes with less suppliers. Another portion of that comes with the recognition that by simplifying the offering, we can make it easier for both sales associates and the consumer to understand. So we feel we have a terrific lineup that's going to be rolling out. And we're really excited about our relationship with Lowe's in the future here, and we think it's going to be an opportunity for us to continue to add shareholder value.
John Morikis: Bob, we have pricing that has taken effect. We have more pricing that is rolling in. And we're really proud of the team's ability to retain these customers, grow our business while getting the price in. It's a challenging market when you think about what's happening from a raw standpoint. But we think we're really teaming up with the right customers. We have great relationships with customers that are trying to grow their business, and we're finding opportunities for new business as well. So we have good pricing in, more is rolling in, and good momentum. So the team's doing a terrific job.
John Morikis: Our teams are very well aware of where we are in the cycle and are adjusting accordingly. So we're going in with our eyes wide open, Bob.
John Morikis: But John, to be clear, the teams aren't as concerned with are we selling Thompson's or Cabots. We're just trying to sell. So the line's quickly blurred when we consolidated those teams together and gave them one sales goal. So we're reporting a number that we're not – truly, we're not managing the business that way. We're reporting a comp number, but we're focused on growing sales. And we're not concerned with which brand the team sells.
John Morikis: to that point, Vincent, Al's point about the raw material cost increases, that's what drives our thinking about our price to our customers. And as we've talked on numerous occasions, we stay very close to what's happening with the total basket of raw materials. When we see that basket move, we've historically demonstrated the ability and our effective pricing through our stores and other businesses here to put that pricing in. And no one should question our conviction or our determination to continue to manage those margins. When we see pricing move, we're going to – we move. And as we have historically approached this, the practice is to communicate the price increase to our customers first and then to the investment community. So we'll be talking to you about our activities likely in the near future.
John Morikis: Yes. We have a good agreement with Lowe's. We're not going to get into the details of any mechanisms, but suffice it to say, we've got a program that's going to keep us both focused on growing sales and not arguing about price.
John Morikis: Well, you have to look at our Performance Coatings business up 11%. And as we talked about in the prepared comments, nearly every one of those segments up double digits. So this is a wonderful team that we've inherited with great products, great relationships with customers. And combined, we're finding that it's an even stronger value proposition to our customers. So the Performance Coatings business is, as I mentioned before, growing well, and we're implementing the price that we need. So we're feeling really good about that and the future. I mean, there's – I think there's really a sustainable growth pattern here. And then on the consumer architectural side, again, a wonderful leadership team with great products and great relationships with customers that we're trying to really leverage to the fullest. So we're really happy. I've often said how thrilled we are with the Valspar acquisition. And I know it sounds a bit repetitive, but I'm happier right now with Valspar than ever. And the future is only stronger for us. So we're feeling this has been a terrific move for us.
John Morikis: No, I don't think so. I think we've been open about that they've not been outlook pricing. But I don't think that they've lost share. In fact, I think we'd be hard-pressed to point to any single customer that we've lost. I mean, we've been very successful in retaining customers and the employees. So it's going very well.
John Morikis: Yes, Kevin, we’re formulating for TiO2 efficiency truly has been something that we've been doing for many years. And there are a number of products that are commercially available to help formulators with that. We also have our own proprietary technology that we've developed internally. Our approach to this is very unique. You have to keep in mind that our customers have very, very high expectations for consistency. When you have the mix of business that we have with a professional painter, close isn't close enough for our customers. So we go through an extensive commercialization process. We've got a number of checks and balances. So it's in our repertoire of tools that we use, but we're also very cautious in how we approach this to ensure that it, in most cases, ends up with an increased or improved attribute for our customers.
John Morikis: I would say for both Europe and China, the architectural businesses were positive. And we see continued opportunity for profit improvement in both of those regions. We're staying close. We're learning a lot as we go, and we'll be making appropriate investments as we see the opportunity for disciplined growth.
John Morikis: So, Chris, I’d say we’re in a very, very early innings of what we consider to be a very exciting opportunity. And the opportunity here to build on existing relationships and leverage the distribution points that we have in our store are really exciting. And so when you look at the opportunity to capture additional share of wallet and grow customer – or grow our customer base through these platforms of distribution, it – this e-commerce initiative is just a natural, the ability for customers to do business with us 24 hours with the ability to understand their projects. And we've got a lot of features that we're building into this to increase the loyalty of our customers to our brand and to our stores. And we're in the process of developing more and more features. We're rolling out in different areas, different – testing different areas geographically. And when it all comes together, we're really believing this can help us in quite a dramatic way. So it's an exciting initiative for us.
John Morikis: Yeah. To Bob's point and just in traveling with our team, I do hear from residential repaint customers but more so from new residential, commercial and industrial customers as it relates to labor, making the comment that's pretty commonly heard, which is that they could do more work if they had more labor. The net effect of that, if there's a positive, is that they are able to get more pricing into the market, and it's likely prolonging the cycle here. But we continue to hear from our customers the issue of labor.
John Morikis: There’s a number of small and medium-size projects that may not be hitting the radar that our people are tracking.
John Morikis: Yeah, Steve. I would say that maybe half, slightly maybe below half would be what we would call those primary or true loyal customers. So we have a terrific opportunity, we think, to grow share of wallet here. We've got quite a bit of runway there and the other pieces through the opportunities with new accounts. So we're working every one of those angles. Allen
John Morikis: No, there's no structural changes. Well, in fact, we're looking at making investments in areas that allow us to serve our customers better.
John Morikis: Yeah. I think Al's comment in the last call was of reconfirming our position here. We've got work to do, but we clearly see the path, and we're working our plan and expect to be able to reach our goal.
John Morikis: Well, we’re not going to get into any of the specific shares of any product line, but I will tell you that the packaging business, as we referenced, is the leading performer in a very strong business. So that business is growing. In total, we grew 11%. Packaging is exceeding that growth. And it's – the performance that we have right now, we expect it only to continue.
John Morikis: Well, we're staying close to the situation and our customers. It's going to be interesting to see exactly how this plays out. As you know, we've got customers and assets on both sides of the water. And we're working with our customers closely to be responsive to whatever happens from a demand standpoint on their side. So we're staying close, and we're going to be adjusting accordingly. I think it's a play that's not been called or completely played out yet, and we'll respond accordingly.
John Morikis: Well, we are bringing some of our best practice or we're using our stores as a platform to share information. There's a number of attributes that we think are successful, that help us our – help us in our success here in North America that we're transferring down there as well as some products. And we're learning a few things from them as well. So the teams are collaborating very well, and we hope that that'll allow us to continue to drive that business forward as well.
Al Mistysyn: What I would add to that, Ghansham, this is Al, is that as we even talked about on our first quarter call, we started up with a wet April. So as we progressed through the quarter, sales strength improved, which gives us that confidence going forward in the third quarter and the rest of the year.
Al Mistysyn: So in the second quarter, you look at – really, we had price across all the segments, and we don't comment about each of the segments in price. But you can – but that it's close in that 2% – a little over 2% range. FX was fairly mild in the quarter. For the consolidated, it was only up plus 1/10 [ph] and even within the segments, they're all below 1%. And then, so if you just look at the sales of those segments, the rest has to be volume and mix. And Performance Coatings was very strong, with the double-digit gains on the pro forma. Consumer Group had a nice quarter when you – if you back out the revenue recognition adjustment that we took, which was almost 5% in the quarter. So I would say volumes are up across the board, and we're getting price. 
Al Mistysyn: Our guidance at the midpoint of 19, 20, we do expect our gross margins to improve sequentially through the rest of the year. When we'll be able to get over the top of that, we're looking at early next year, assuming raw materials moderate some, as Bob talked about, in the back half. So sequential improvement in gross margin through the rest of this year, and we'll be looking to get on top of the year-over-year margin going into next year.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Duffy, if you – the way I look at it, the first half – the second half – let me say it this way. Our SG&A as a percent of sales should be down in the second half versus the first half.
Al Mistysyn: So on the rollout, P.J., the – we're ahead of schedule with aerosols, interior and exteriors paints set nationally, and paint rolling out as we speak. The adjusted sales, over 6% on the pro forma basis, excluding rev rec, was solid. However, the costs were higher in the quarter for the Lowe's expenses than we had planned. And as the – including the raw material, higher than we thought, our margin declined. So we're not going to break out how much is related to Lowe's going forward. We just want to be sensitive to our customer, and we also want to be sensitive to – they're driving the rollout, and we feel good about where we're at there. That all being said, if you look at our year-to-date margins, along with price and good cost control and the volumes we're seeing, our operating margin's up, and I think the team has turned in a solid performance.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, because as you know, P.J., majority of the raw material costs are dollar-denominated. And as we see the devaluations, our costs go up. Raw materials are a similar percent to sale. Percent of cost of goods sold as in the U.S. So we're going to be chasing price with the significant devaluations we saw in Argentina, Brazil and even a little bit in Mexico. So – and that is built into our full year guidance.
Al Mistysyn: What I'd comment, Bob, on the raw material synergies is we haven't broke out synergies by segment. But what I would say is we are still on track for the $140 million to $160 million in synergies for the year. We've booked a little bit more than half of those in the quarter, and those are really broken out between – I'm sorry, in the first half. And those are really broken out primarily Consumer Performance Coatings, and then you get some in corporate.
Al Mistysyn: John, I think that we saw 5% growth on the Valspar on a pro forma basis down. But on the core Sherwin, if you back out the impact of the rev rec, we're still up low single digits. And I'd say that's kind of where we expected to be. Yes, we're going against a softer quarter, but I think the team is going well. And as we looked at the different segments, of national accounts other than Lowe's, commercial, Europe, all positive. And like we've talked about in the past, we do have headwinds in that retail segment.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. I think that’s a typical – I agree with what your first statement John is. That's our typical flow. And I would say, even though with Valspar and the bigger industrial business were less seasonal than we used to be, we still do have a seasonal impact in that third going to fourth quarter.
Al Mistysyn: Vincent, we’re not going to call out the individual LIFO charge by segment. It's a function of increasing raw materials. And with the raw costs being up more than what we had thought coming into the quarter, we had to true that up in our second quarter. So you estimate what the full year LIFO is, you have to take half of it through your first half, and that's what we did. But I don't want to be quantifying what those are by segment. It's all part of the raw material increase, in my mind.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Kevin, you are correct. We did purchase 0.25 million shares, bringing our full year year-to-date total to 850,000 shares at $334 million. I think if you look over the last three years, our option dilution has been approximately one million shares. We're running a little above high net so far year-to-date, but we'll watch that. We'll continue to look at buying shares opportunistically. But we'll look at the options and adjust from there in the second half.
Al Mistysyn: Sure, Mike. Historically, we have backed out significant adjustments to the environmental provision. This is one – as you can expect, the timing and magnitude of some of these adjustments are harder to predict. So this one in particular relates to one of the large sites that we've been investigating and remediating on an ongoing basis and quite honestly, there's more to come related to that site. It's just – again, it's hard to predict timing and amounts. But as soon as we know it, we adjust the provision, and then we call it out.
Al Mistysyn: I think, we don’t walk down the P&L in detail. But I think you're going to see leverage on our SG&A. As our volumes continue to grow, you would expect to see our leverage there. We still have more synergies rolling in, in the second half. So yes, you should expect to see a sequential – like I said, a second half being lower than our first half as a percent.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, I think we have prices rolling in. It's across the different segments. It doesn't roll in as uniformly as our stores group. So yes, there is still pricing going in.
Al Mistysyn: The EBITDA margins should be – yes, the answer is yes. I believe we should see a slightly better EBITDA margin in the second half versus the first half.
Al Mistysyn: I mean first, you got to start with the demand and the continued above-market demand and sales that we're generating. The price increases that are going in, we'll continue to pursue price increases, working with our customers until we can see some relief in the raw material basket. We're going to still have incremental synergies next year that you talked about. We earned $60 million in 2017 at the midpoint of $150 million, $210 million, and we have a $320 million run rate synergy number coming out of 2018 that we reaffirmed in May at the investor community presentation, I'm reaffirming today. So now you look at the – and I would add the Lowe's business that we talked about being accretive going forward from a top-line and bottom-line standpoint. So those are the levers that we're going to continue to push to get to that 2020 goal.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, Steve. And I would just add and I think you can see those initiatives paying off in our comp store results in our second quarter being up 6.8%.
Al Mistysyn: Well, there is a very detailed program that we probably don’t want to share on a public call of activities that we do see. But rest assured of this: we don't open our stores and hope people come in. We're very aggressive in the pursuit of customers, in trial and having discussions about increasing the value proposition and helping our customers to be more successful in achieving their goals. And we align our people, our products and our services to help our customers reach their goals. That's how we do it.
Al Mistysyn: Dmitry, we did have some reductions early in the year, but we're -- we should be on pace for additions.
Al Mistysyn: Dmitry, and I made this comment earlier. It's a terrific question, and I'm going to just repeat a portion of this, and then I'll expand on it, which is that our historic practice has always been to talk with our customers first and then the investment community. And I do really want to be very clear about the comment I made about our conviction and determination to protect our margins. We just do not want to get in front of the conversations with our customers by having a conversation here today first. So, I’ll just leave it as we are going to protect our margins, and we're going to talk to our customers first. And you can connect the dots from there.
Al Mistysyn: No. I think we’re not ready to say we’re not going to be able to hit that midpoint. I think the pricing actions that we have in and rolling in across some of the other businesses and looking forward, historically, we've been able to catch up on raw material costs, and we take a short-term hit in our margins. As pricing rolls in and raws roll over along with the other good cost controls and things we do, we're able to expand our operating margins. And we still feel like we are going to be at the midpoint of that range.
Al Mistysyn: I think the revenue synergies that David outlined on PCG at the Investor Day were right on. And every month, we have a management meeting, and we – and every quarter, we review their progress and making those revenue synergies. And as the teams continue to get together, I think more ideas are coming out. And it's just now prioritizing those to make sure we're putting the resources behind the ones we think will have the most impact. And I'd say we're making good progress there.
Al Mistysyn: It’s predominantly the Consumer Brands Group. There is no material impact to the other groups. And the year-to-date impact that we called out, it most likely will be close to that number.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Nishu. We finalized the acquisition valuation in this quarter, and it resulted in our reversal of tax benefit that impacted EPS $0.29 a share, that was previously recorded in our fourth quarter. This increased our income taxes, and it was included in transaction and integration costs, as you mentioned, because we wanted to keep the purchase accounting items to incremental D&A only. So to put that in perspective, the transaction and integration costs impacting PBT for the quarter were $39 million, $0.33 a share, then with the deferred tax adjustment, an additional $0.29. That's how we got to the $0.62 that we reported in the quarter. That $0.29 is what's driving that year-to-date or that full year guidance number up. Our core integration costs are about the same. So for the year, just to close the loop on that, our transaction and integration costs impacting PBT were approximately $70 million year-to-date or $0.57 a share, plus the $0.29 per share deferred tax adjustment, you get to $0.86 a share. So we do not expect that $0.29 to repeat, but it does raise the full-year guidance.
Al Mistysyn: Well, we touched on this briefly that we're seeing strong volume demand across virtually every product category and nearly every geography. We mentioned that it's led by our packaging business, which is really performing very well, and our general industrial business right behind that. And I think it's partly a function of the fact that we're maintaining really strong supply relationships, as I said, with the right customers. And they're growing their business, and we're growing our business with them. So we're really focused, as I mentioned, on bringing value to our customers, and we're experiencing the reward as a result of that. The teams, as I mentioned earlier, from Valspar were very strong. The teams at Sherwin-Williams are, we believe, very strong. And combined, we're even stronger. We're really excited about the momentum that we have here.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, Eric. I would say we would expect that to continue. And what we even talked about on our Performance Coatings Group is that we – at the end of the first quarter call, we thought we'd see sequential margin improvement as the year went on. Clearly, we're ahead of that with our operating margin flat year-over-year now. So doing – we're ahead of plan, but we do still expect to see sequential improvement in that group.
Al Mistysyn: We’re really not going to comment on the Lowe's program going forward, both from a top line or a bottom line, just in respect for our customer.
Al Mistysyn: The environmental was around $32 million. The $0.52, Jeff, is $39 million PBT impact in the quarter, which is $0.33, and then the reversal of the deferred tax adjustment of $0.29, that gets you to the $0.52 in the quarter.
Al Mistysyn: We would have in cost of – our gross cost of goods sold would have been $17 million. SG&A would have been $22 million. That makes up the $39 million I mentioned. And then the $0.29 is all in the income taxes.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, Rosemarie. It’s hard to break them out, because again, they have gone down the path pretty far of integration. But I would say it's the combined business showing the improvement, which tells you both have to be going forward.
Bob Wells: Emily, I think it’s safe to say that the DIY business has been a lot slower than the contractor side of the business. That's been true certainly in our own stores. We measure DIY sales to our stores. It was the slowest-performing market segment in the quarter. So while, clearly, the contractor business is growing well above that 2% range, it's – I think it's safe to assume that the market's probably grown between 2% and 3%. Our stores volume was a little ahead of 4%.
Bob Wells: Good question Scott. And obviously, rising interest rates would potentially have an impact on both the architectural side of the business and the industrial. If you look at the manufacturing sector in June, the PMI increased for the 22nd consecutive month. And the market's expanding in all regions, and production in inventories are growing at a faster pace than they did last year. So it's hard to point to any effect that the fed raising had had on the industrial economy thus far. On the construction and residential side of the economy, we believe the slower residential starts and resales are more indicative of supply constraints than they are weakening demand. So there may be constraints out there in the market, but they don't seem to be interest rate related at this stage.
Bob Wells: Yes. The TiO2 market is kind of in flux right now. You've probably read a lot about the supply-demand balance evolving in Europe. We don't think that, that is going to materially affect the market in North America this year. We commented in the past that we are going to negotiate raw materials in a way that will benefit our shareholders if that means locking in longer-term agreements to ensure supply and to achieve stable pricing. And that's a benefit to our shareholders. We would do that. But we're cautious about the timing of these longer-term contracts relative to market pricing when the suppliers are [indiscernible].
Bob Wells: And also John to add to that, we are going to achieve more year-over-year synergy benefits in the first half than we're going in the second half.
Bob Wells: And specifically, we look at the tariff impact on our raw material basket first and foremost. And frankly, at this point, we don't believe the impact of at least the proposed tariffs at this point will impact our raw material basket substantially. Right now, steel and tin plate is where we're seeing most of the effect, and it's not material to the raw material basket certainly relative to the petrochemical proportion of the basket and TiO2. But as you know, it's an evolving story, and future impacts are not entirely clear. So we're keeping an eye on it.
Bob Wells: Yeah, Chris. This is Bob. Let me handle the inventory effect on resales, and then I'll ask John to talk about commercial labor constraints and the like. I mentioned earlier that the slower residential starts and resales are more indicative of supply constraint than weakening demand. That's true both in the new home market and the resale market. If you saw the June print, inventory was at 4.3-month supply. It is – that's very tight. It's up a little bit from the May print, but it's still really tight relative to what's normal. Home prices jumped 5.2% year-over-year, which is a pretty big move. And we kind of consider it to be a trade-off. While existing home turnover, which has been relatively weak, drives repaint activity, these – the rising home values and rising equity values among stay-in-place homeowners seems to be driving kind of a historic rate of remodeling activity by stay-in-place homeowners. We think baby boomers are kind of leading that parade. If you watch the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies, leading indicators were remodeling activity for second quarter 2018, reaching an all-time peak at $324.1 billion, which is up more than 7% year-over-year. And they expect that rate to remain above 7% for the foreseeable future even in just -- like into 2019. So it's certainly a mixed bag. We'd like to see more existing home turnover, but it doesn't appear to be harming the repaint and remodel market. And as John mentioned earlier, 17 of the last 19 quarters, we've seen double-digit growth in residential repaint. So we're not – could that be stronger probably? but we're not complaining.
Bob Wells: Got you. One of the constraints in addition to labor that we're seeing in the market that's becoming more and more of an issue is the scarcity of buildable land. It's extremely expensive to develop raw land into buildable land today, which means, to your point; we’re not seeing these communities push out into undeveloped regions of the suburban markets. And hence, there's not as much of the commercial development that springs up around these new communities. Everything from grocery stores to gas stations, movie theaters, schools, hospitals, et cetera, new land development drives development in those projects. What we are seeing, though, that's kind of an offset is more urban core development. Downtown high-rise development is really strong. And in fact, our people tell us that the published data around non-residential starts, non-residential square footage is probably understating what they are seeing in the market.
Bob Wells: Thank you, again, Jessie. As always, I, along with Jim Jaye, our Vice President of IR, will be available over the next few days to handle any additional questions that arise as you digest this morning's call. If you'd like to be placed in the queue for a follow-up call, please call Kristy Johnson at 216-566-3001 and she will add you to the callback schedule. I also want to point out that since our original posting online this morning, we've added a slide to include adjusted EBITDA by quarter. So you might want to visit our website again and pull down that revised slide or that new slide. I'd like to thank you all again for joining us today, and thank you for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Thanks for keeping the conference here going, so I can ask the question. Just a quick sort of clarification on the Paint Store Group – or I'm sorry, the – not the Paint Store Group, the performance group. It looked like you've closed some branches. I'm assuming that's part of your kind of a longer-term program to streamline your operations, but I just want to make sure that there's nothing more to it than just the rationalization of sites.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Okay. I’m talking about this particular quarter. So last quarter, you reduced sales – or reduced the store network by 7, looks like, in Latin America and then increased a little bit in Americas.
Dmitry Silversteyn: So you opened up 19 in the U.S. Okay, that's what I needed to know. And then finally, you've talked about pricing obviously. I don't want to beat a dead horse here. But given that your raw material inflation is a little bit higher, maybe at the higher end of your original expectations, is there a need to get another round of price increases in your company-owned stores? I understand that the DIY channel is its own animal, but just maybe your company-owned stores or the price increases you got at the end of last year, beginning of this year, even with a little bit higher material inflation, you're thinking you're okay on margin until you get to 2019.
Dmitry Silversteyn: Yeah. Okay, yeah, because last quarter, it wasn’t that a bit, okay, almost 12%. Okay, that’s all I had.
