Bob Wells: Thanks Jessie and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. As you just heard, we've made an important addition to our earnings conference call lineup. Beginning with this morning's call, John Morikis, our President and Chief Operating Officer will be participating in our earnings conference call each quarter. Many of you had opportunities to speak with John over the years at our Annual Financial Community Presentation. He has a comprehensive knowledge of our operating divisions, customers, suppliers and our industry in general and because most of his discussions surrounding our earnings releases involve these topics it's only natural to include john in the conversation. We think you'll find his perspective on the state on the industry and our company very valuable. I am going to turn the call over to John in just a moment, but before I do, let me remind you that this conference call will include certain forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. federal securities laws with respect to sales, earnings and other matters. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A full declaration regarding forward-looking statements is provided in the company’s earnings release transmitted earlier this morning. In the interest of time, we provided some balance sheet items and other selected financial information on our website under sherwin.com Investor Relations Second Quarter Press Release. With that, let me turn the call over to John to review our financial results for second quarter.
Bob Wells: Good morning, Kevin. Speaking specifically to non-residential market, because we’re getting contribution from other market segments as we’ve already indicated, so on the residential side we think two things are happening. One is we’re getting a list from home value appreciation, so more home owners who are staying in place are doing remodeling and redecorating projects. Secondly, if you look at the quality of the existing home transactions that are occurring now versus a year or two years ago, there’s a far lower percentage of those transactions that are distressed or foreclosure-type sales. And as you’ve heard us comment in the past, the owner occupant selling to a new owner occupant is the transaction that generates the more paying activity. We think we’re benefiting from that shift.
Bob Wells: Jay, this is Bob. With respect to demand, multifamily is a larger component of a new construction markets than it was during the last cycle. And we think that's probably going to be true for some time although as you know the multifamily size is really voluble and to oscillate quarter to quarter and year to year. We think that for the time being that the U.S. is going to be more of a renders market than an owner's market for some time to come. From a margin standpoint we've always commented that it really doesn’t affect us from an operating margin standpoint all of the segments that have very comparable operating margin.
Bob Wells: Thanks Jessie. As always, I will be available for the balance of today, tomorrow and throughout the coming weeks and to your any follow-up questions you might have. Thanks again for joining us today and thank you for your continued interest in Sherwin Williams.
Chris Connor: Yeah, Don. I think that’s a good point about the conflicting data we’re seeing out of some of the housing numbers. We just were commenting about the most recent information. It seems that from quarter-to-quarter we have starts up permits down and the exact opposite the next quarter. I think we’re still fairly bullish on the need for improved housing starts to get up to a more sustainable number. But don’t forget that a solid 75% to 80% of all these architectural coatings are being used to maintain existing structures. And I think therein is the momentum that we’re feeling, as John commented about, the anecdotal evidence we’re getting from our contractors. We just think the second half is going to be strong.
Chris Connor: Yeah. I don’t think it’s in any restructuring of contracts per se. [There are variable] [ph] contracts in a business like this when you’re running your own dedicated store business. I think we’re just getting better operating leverage for the company. Raw material cost, implementation of some of the shutdown activities have gone well, ahead of schedule, lower than expected cost impact. I think we have commented the sale of this business is still lagging what we’re seeing in our core business. So it’s mainly on the operating cost side that’s coming in lower than expectation.
Chris Connor: Yeah. We’ve talked about that Ghansham, in the past, some of these larger projects will be at lower selling prices per gallon. But what we said, the SG&A associated with servicing that business really is lower as well so operating margins for this group will benefit from gallons that we gain in any one of these end market segments.
Chris Connor: I mean we’re just getting to the endpoint on cost side. So as John mentioned, [inaudible] are yet to really be running at the kind of rate we expect and we get too eventually. So we still have some tough sledding ahead of us here.
Chris Connor: Yeah. P.J., I’m sorry if you could repeat it. I wasn’t sure which business you’re asking me to comment on relative to spring weather.
Chris Connor: John and I were out recently just meeting with some of these large commercial contractors and some of them said that we’re not even taking any more bids right now. They’re so full up for the next 18 months. And that we haven’t heard that in years, so expecting really strong performance in that going forward.
Chris Connor: Just backed in to all the guidance we’ve given you P.J. and we gave you the range I think it’s either high single or low double-digits for the next quarter.
Chris Connor: I think it’s not the way to think about that John is that we’re sitting in a higher cash balance right now than is customary for us. We’re heading into the two strongest cash generating quarters of the year for us. And you know what we’d like to do with excess cash. So I would expect it would be reasonable to assume we’re going to remain active in the stock.
Chris Connor: Yeah. When you’re doing business in Latin America it’s important that you look over longer segments. We’re in one of these cycles where currencies running against us. And there’s a couple of rough spots in their bigger country’s economies. Having said that, and I think John commented on it, we’re still very much committed to the region. We think there are opportunities for us to enhance our method of distribution and build out our infrastructure there. I don’t think that we’re necessarily forecasting in this guidance that we’re going to see volume growth in calendar year 2014, but rest assure we’ll be working hard to get that fixed by 2015.
Chris Connor: Yes. So I think as John has commented, we’re seeing a very broad-based recovery here, Dennis, across all these segments. New residential has been strong, residential repaint which is the largest segment, we’ve been commenting on that one now for multiple quarters. Both of those will be double-digit increases over previous years to help drive comp number in to that high 9 percentage. That’s encouraging for us to see those two numbers doing so well because they are the lion’s share. As John also mentioned the non-residential segments, particularly new construction in that are which has been lagging for some time, we’re really starting to see a lot of lift there as well too. So this looks like heading into a back half where we’re going to be hitting on just about every cylinder.
Chris Connor: Our business in very strong in new residential. One of the anomalies in the June print that just came out this morning is that most of the weakness in start were in South and that has been very strong for the about year to date. So whether that was a one month lift or something the beginning of a trend we will see, but new resident in general has been very strong.
Chris Connor: Most of the plan B John and that C and D has to go along with that one. Just as you were representing M&A opportunities there are a number of interesting names and companies that we respect throughout Latin America. So we're certainly not done thinking about building scale through M&A throughout Latin America. And also as has been our practice, we are a company that's focused on our core development. We have good scale already in these countries. We are not the market share leader in the larger economies, but call it second or third and that's not a bad position to build from. So we have a number of imitative to really ramp up our own core group as well as to continue to think about M&A and I think as we commented earlier that you know we are very focused on this region and we expect to do better in 2015.
Chris Connor: Yeah, when you take a look at the year-to-date -- when you think about the year-to-date loss on Comex $0.45 and it's compared to the 35 and then compared to last year, it won't be any dilutive. It's 18 and it's 17 in the second half of the year, but they have a sell curve just like our Stores Group and if you take a look at that volume they are closer to the breakeven points in that third and fourth quarter -- I am sorry, the first and fourth quarter and that's why they are more dilutive. Years ago if you looked to our Stores Group in the first and fourth quarter, when we were closer to the breakeven we had the same phenomenon, but we will get there with the Comex stores with higher volumes, but until that happens the first and fourth quarter will be a bigger drag than the rest of the Paint Stores Group.
Chris Connor: We are very excited with what we are learning to the POS and we are excited about the future. We're going to be able to leverage that POS much like we do in our own stores understanding our customers better. To your point about pricing, a basket approach, what are they purchasing from us and what they are? So we're excited about that and as we go into next year, we're going to leverage that.
Chris Connor: I think this management team has been pretty much locked on a pretty logical strategy here for quite some time Eric that hasn’t changed at all. We like the architectural coatings businesses in the Americas and we recognize that our industrial coatings are competing in a global environment or wherever we can find controlled distributions to support those American businesses or add technologies, infrastructure, important geographies and/or customers to the industrial coatings will be at the table and discussing those opportunities.
Chris Connor: Not really been an issue I would say with our customers. And we've had a logical discussion with them and we continue to provide them with a good quality product and great service and it's really behind us.
Chris Connor: As Bob mentioned the strong performance that we are having in the new residential has been in the south. We've also had good performance in parts of Northern Area and then Western and Eastern as well. Commercial has really been strong. It's really been quite strong across all segments across all our regions.
Chris Connor: I don’t know that we want to say that it was a World Cup influence our results and there are markets that we would say are impacted by the economic conditions or the environment and there is somewhere we just need to perform better and that’s we are working on. I didn’t catch the second part of your question.
Chris Connor: Jay, the one positive on the multifamily side is that while single family homes the maintenance activity in those homes is kind of a mix of DIY to contractor on the multifamily side, it is overwhelmingly maintained by contractors, which plays to our strength.
Chris Connor: Even with the Admin expense we were up $31 million in the first half of the year and as we take a look at the -- take that down at $25 million, that split really between stock compensation and other compensation such as bonus and the IT projects that we've been working on. The second half of the year, we don’t think we are going to be up the $31 million. So that's going to help, but even if we were up, when you add up $31 million, that's a nice improvement, but really the SG&A is really been driven by the operating division.
Chris Connor: Dmitry with respect with California Litigation, there is really no changes in the status of that suite since our last call. As you know last quarter, we announced that the final judgment was entered against three companies. We immediately filed a Notice of Appeal in that judgment and we are currently waiting for the record to be transmuted from the trial court to the Court of Appeal. It tends to be a fairly long process. We think the record would probably be transferred in the third quarter. At that point the court will initiate a briefing schedule, which is going to take at least five months and once and then all arguments will begin and once all arguments conclude it's another 90 days for the court to render a decision. All totaled we continue to believe that the decision by the Court of Appeals is going to take approximately two to three years. As far as the Comex issue is concerned we are still in arbitrator and there is still a lawsuit filed by Sherwin Williams in the New York Court and at this stage we are in the process of selecting arbitrators.
Chris Connor: Thank you.Eugene Fedotoff – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Couple of questions on store group sales for the quarter, if you can comment on anything that you’ve seen maybe something outside of normal seasonal improvement and also maybe you can comment on sales in first half of July here.
Chris Connor: Performance in DIY is also strong. The weekend was good for us as well and again the momentum is continuing.Eugene Fedotoff – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. Thank you.
Chris Connor: Jeff, it's always based on the balance and supply and demand in the market. Coatings demand in North America should continue to grow as we move back towards normalized levels. That said as you know, there is plans on the drawing board for a new high-capacity TiO2 plant in Mexico. There is continuing supply growth coming out of Asia Pacific. So it just all depends on how on the timing of those factors.
Chris Connor: Why are they lagging our expectations, we expected them to be behind and they are. As we commented, Richard when we made this acquisition, that this was a troubled asset in North America and we are building these stores out and improving their inventory position and we've already talked about the equipment etcetera and so it's going to take us a while to reestablish those relationships and get those gallons and customers coming back. John talked about the things we're learning in this for example, the ability to add on associated product sales for equipment etcetera and these all things that are we're going to be working on aggressively going forward.
Chris Connor: Well actually expectations we gave were $0.10 dilutive for the Comex that's in the second quarter. We actually were $0.06 dilutive.
Chris Connor: Right. They're at the low end of -- sales that are still at the low end of the expectation, that's correct.
Sean Hennessy: You know that price increase is going well then -- this is Sean Hennessy -- and when you do, we don’t really break out all those different factors, but the majority of our selling price -- selling increase was volume.
Sean Hennessy: On the CapEx you’re absolutely right. It’s little backward, slanted toward the back. Again, as Comex conversion, Comex starts conversion they’re going to start taking place here. We’re going to start to see that CapEx ramp up. A few other projects that we had -- originally had early in the year we’re going -- especially with IT then completing the IT implementation of system throughout the world. We’ll have Latin America here completed by next April, but we have some expenses that are coming in. So really it’s Comex and diversion of the stores and some other activities that we see coming in. And the flow through on the stores without Comex, I think John mentioned the 21.7% of sale, but without Comex when you look at that that will tell you we’re probably incremental in the quarter of about $50 million in the sales, without Comex we’re up around $280 million, so you’re talking almost 35% incremental margin.
Sean Hennessy: Again, the increase in the SG&A in the quarter and year-to-date really, really been driven by three factors. The Paint Stores Group, the new stores [indiscernible] the acquisition, the Comex assets operated at an SG&A rate materially higher than our consolidated SG&A, the sale, so as we anniversary that that will improve, and again, that investment I’d mentioned in IT. So we’re looking forward here, the SG&A was up 1.3% of sales as we’ve mentioned in the first half of the year. We do expect to see that thread there to reduce. In fact, it’s also part of the reason why we raised guidance. We expect the second half SG&A to be lower in percent of sales than it was last year in the last six months of the year.
Sean Hennessy: Yeah. The normalized -- it was less than $2 million a year. Unfortunately, over the last few years we’ve been having sales profits there, but we could not get our cash out. So it was a small automotive refinish, but it is in Venezuela. So we picked some severance cost and we closed and we wrote our assets off totally, so that’s why that was approximately $5 million because cash had accumulated and we could not get our cash out of Venezuela.
Sean Hennessy: No. We’ve taken a look at our cash flow for the year like we always do. We know how much cash we’re bringing in. And what we said is by the end of the first quarter 2015 we’ll be in a more normalized phase. So we actually have looked at this quarter and actually we did by two -- just over two million shares and that was actually in the form of an accelerated stock repurchase program. So we did that in the second quarter and we’re evaluating what cost program we’re going to do in the third quarter.
Sean Hennessy: We were looking at high single digits. I think that we are watching how the year ends, but I think that is probably good a guidance that we can give you right now. I think probably at the end of the third quarter or fourth quarter and fourth quarter for sure, will probably be able to update that, but right now we don’t see any changes to that guidance.
Sean Hennessy: Greg as you know, I don’t think we have ever given the metrics. Our gross margin with and without it was dilutive and it has been dilutive. The only think I will say is given you a range at the beginning of the year 45 to 46 versus 45 last year and now as the year is going through and now we believe we are going to be at the high end to that range.
Sean Hennessy: We have a new program that we're roaring into Home Depot that we were excited about in our conference line. We've also, as I mentioned seen some nice improvement out of our European operations as well as our building materials.
Sean Hennessy: Yeah John. So we've been very clear and open and transparent with the street in terms of the types of properties that would be of interest to us. We would agree that there are some interesting names in North America as well as in our industrial coating segments globally but nothing further to comment on at this time.
Sean Hennessy: Yeah. I think that we have currency headwinds and if you think about especially the first Brazil real the third quarter and fourth quarter can be better comparisons for us. If you look at Argentina, right now we have been running at that 8% versus 5%, that will be 8% versus 6% in the second half of the year that's a little bit of difference, but it continue to evaluate in that third and fourth quarter, but operationally I don’t think that we still feel we're strides and improvement our operation. So except for that, I think that you know I don’t see it going backwards from here.
Sean Hennessy: Well, I think that when you talk -- if points were failed and shall we get the amount of currency drag when it's over 11% and again in U.S. dollars we were down around 8% and there were some volumes that did backwards, so we gave some price.
Sean Hennessy: We don’t see the sales mix changing dramatically from our original guidance. Eric, I think it really comes down to the gross margin. We did mention 45 to 46. We're at 45 halfway through the year. We think for the full year we're going to be at the high end in the next guidance. The SG&A we did mention you know the first half of the year, the comparisons were bad. We had more new stores earlier this year than we ever have. Some of the things that we were going to start anniversary we think our SG&A in the last six months will actually be below the last six months of last year. So still good thing. So I think that it's the margin in total and that's because of sales mix just because of things that are occurring and getting some of those other things out of the way in the first half of the year.
Sean Hennessy: I think the SG&A spend will probably be slightly below what we originally thought at the beginning of the year, but not dramatically. And I think importantly in that Eric, the SG&A spend is lower because we are integrating the stores better, we are gaining efficiency there haven’t been a whole sales decision to whack programs in marketing, advertising, training, R&D, etcetera. So this is just really the company continuing to add efficiency around the fringes as we integrate businesses.
Sean Hennessy: It's been our practice to kind of give you that ranking of where the strength is coming from and so we've continued on and sometimes when we are preparing our thoughts to share with you, we think about when all the segments are doing so strong in all the geographies, it really kind of splitting areas to tell you which parts of country you are doing better. So this is really a business through the Stores Groups that is just delivering across the country, across all segments as John commented on them.
Sean Hennessy: So the expectation on the market conditions going forward, Jay, I guess we have confidence that when we look behind the results today, the housing needs going forward in Mexico, the infrastructure, that hasn't been maintained as appropriately it is a should have been perhaps in Brazil, the demand for the types of products and services we provide, we'll have to have a rebound going forward. And I think that's why we continue to stay hard at it, improving our operations investing and trying to build out our network.
Sean Hennessy: No, there's a lot we can do internally, Dmitry and it's the same kind of playbook that we assume run the company deliver the results we have. We need to knock on more doors, call on more painting contractors move more gallons of paint, be more efficient. When the economies come back and the currency runs our direction, it will be really, really good. In the mean time, we're working on the things that we can control.
Sean Hennessy: I think the price increase we've realized what we're going to get from the price increase. We don't see a big improved increase in the third or fourth quarter Jeff.
Sean Hennessy: No that income is actually from a couple different sources that are in consumer group. The duck back products as well as the viewer business we have up in [tied in] (ph) Canada, so that process is really not being driven by the stores group.
Sean Hennessy: I'll take the gross margin dollar real quick here, so we get that -- make sure we get that, our Paint Stores Group were up $142,500,000 million, consumer was up $21,959,000, our Global Finishes Group were up $8,418,000 and Latin America Group was up $4,211,000. Then regarding our competitors there and we've long commented about this terrific industry that we compete in that we're blessed with really outstanding companies to compete against. We respect the strategies and performance of all these folks and we look forward to meeting them on the battle field and I think our results as John commented earlier particularly in the area of share gains, we're showing that we're pretty confident. We've got a good model here. We're going to continue to work it hard.
Sean Hennessy: Yes we think that we don't think we need -- we need liquidity sources. Our liquidity sources are strong, but I believe our cash flow will be below $100 million again in the future.
John Morikis: I’d say that the Comex stores are lagging our store sales, and which would be typical in an acquisition like this. As far as the entire market goes, we get that information that lags, but I’d say we feel very comfortable that we’re growing at a faster rate than market right now.
John Morikis: I’d say that we’re experiencing very good growth in all the segments that we play, so I don’t think that it’s any specific area. I think we really enjoy this controlled distribution model. We’ve been working hard and investing in the service and products that respond to the customers’ needs and we’re comfortable with our performance.
John Morikis: Our business here in the U.S. was up slightly in the quarter. We’re expecting that the customers that we’re talking with are experiencing more business as a result of the winter, but we’re up slightly here in the U.S.
John Morikis: Very positive. I would say that our contractor base in that space are feeling better -- much better this year versus last year, and quite frankly, much better this quarter than last quarter. So they’re feeling very excited about the bidding activity. And as Chris mentioned, with the spray equipment purchases that we see that as an indicator of their confidence.
John Morikis: Now we’re seeing more contractors and we feel as though the share of wallet that we have with our existing customers is also growing. We’re very excited with the progress that our stores organization is making with both existing and new customers.
John Morikis: Yeah, Kevin, as you know, we don’t give you specific sales on all those various products segments inside that stores business. So just to say that the whole business is running in comp stores and at high single-digits, spray equipment was probably leading that a little bit, so double-digit sales growth.
Nils Wallin - CLSA: On the Comex -- is Comex going to be more dilutive in the fourth quarter than it is for any of the other quarters and if so why would that be the case.
Nils Wallin - CLSA: Okay. That makes sense. Then in terms of having the point of sale in the Comex Stores now for a couple months is there anything you are seeing, I know before in the past you guys have said that there is pricing, lower pricing and lower fill rates. Is there anything new that you’ve seen that you can make improvements on and work for those? How quick those get to share one type level.
Nils Wallin - CLSA: Great. And then just finally I know Latin America now seems like almost unfortunately a bit of an afterthought in terms of profitability and you are certainly looking to improvement it by 2015, but is there any reason that it won't get any worse.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: Two things. First of all the earning guidance change for the quarter and the back half of the year it looked like you have affirmed the sales guidance and increased the earnings guidance. So the assumptions that margins are better and Sean I know you commented about how SG&A looks into the second half versus first half, but can you provide a little bit more color inside of the core earnings guidance change. The sales mix is different or the margin is different especially out a little bit.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: Is the SG&A stand different in the back half than what you originally expected or is there something different within that relative to where you started that you are thinking.
Eric Bosshard - Cleveland Research: And then second question, Chris for you. Strategically you went through a period of time with acquisitions outside of the U.S., outside of the U.S. architectural business, I heard your comment earlier about sale of Latin America, so I am just curious as you think strategically about the portfolio and acquisitions from hear and if you could give us a sense of your thoughts or your priority or what's important for you going forward.
