John G. Morikis: I don't think that there was a large pull forward in the first quarter. I'd say that our performance in the second quarter, we feel as though inside our largest customer with Lowe's that we're continuing to gain momentum as far as the performance in the market, I think we're going to let them comment on how their performance rated against the market.
John G. Morikis: But as we've spoken in the past, we feel this is an opportunity for us. We see rather than just waiting for the market to correct, and we do think that the market will improve, that there are some steps that we can be taking and we're taking those steps, and ensuring that we've got the right products, the right channels and the right people in those markets and we're making very good progress in the improvements down there. So, as the market does improve, we expect to outperform the market.
John G. Morikis: And regarding the market, Ghansham, I'd say it's been great deal of my time with our customers and with our people in this segment, and there's a strong sense of bullishness in this area. There's continued growth in the residential repaint area. This is yet another quarter for us with double-digit gains in residential repaint. Our commercial customers are really speaking of a very solid book that currently exists, as well as a number of bids in the pipeline. So, on the architectural side, we're really excited about this market.
John G. Morikis: No, I think that our customers have always done a very good job in managing their working capital, and we're constantly working with them. We want to have the right inventory on the shelf, Jeff. And there are times when that means that they're little lighter in some areas and a little more in others. And so I'd say it's just an ongoing discussion that we have with our customers. We want to help drive their key metrics cumulatively or any others that they have. And so, as they are reviewing what it is that's working for them, we want to be a part of that.
John G. Morikis: But I would say this, Arun, is that, all along as we've been going through this, just as we just talked about Latin America, there are a number of segments within the Protective & Marine opportunities for our company. And so while we've been experiencing some pressure in oil and gas, the teams are pivoting and really focused on other segments that offer opportunities in both sales and margin.
John G. Morikis: And I think that even though the comps are getting easier, we're basically saying I think that we're in a trough now. I don't think we're ready to say that we're going to see some major growth in either the Latin America or the Protective & Marine, but I think we're in a trough.
John G. Morikis: Well, I think what's important here is that there is some investment here and we see as the clear opportunity. We do go into this with our eyes wide open. We know that there are investments made that may not come back in the first quarter that we make those investments, maybe not the second. But if you look at our market share in this segment, there's terrific opportunities, we believe a disciplined approach and aggressive approach here can help us to grow our market share and manage our margins for our shareholders. So, we're moving in this direction with a very disciplined look. We're making the investments and we think that there are opportunities out there for us to grow.
John G. Morikis: Right. I don't think we're going to move the original target and – but I think that as time goes on, we continue to feel very confident that we're going to hit those numbers.
John G. Morikis: I'd say, it was pretty steady if you compare apples-to-apples, Greg, the performance inside stores still go in the right direction but consistent throughout the quarter.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. Those are few things that we're working on, Greg and quite frankly, we prefer that our customers start talking about that when the timing is right. We're leaning forward in that area. And as I mentioned and it is important in a very disciplined fashion. We didn't feel as though that the return would come back in the first quarter. Sales-wise, we have high expectations for ourselves and we're going to continue to push to grow our sales. We have a high regard for our team there and they're pursuing some opportunities with customers in a number of different channels and in a number of different segments and spaces. So, it's not one but a number of areas that we are investing in and believe that we can grow.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. I'd say, with the new technology like this, as expected in this area that there will be a little bit of a ramp-up. We're working with a number of different decision makers and influencers in this area. Trend-wise, it's going in the right direction. And we're going to continue to focus on it. But the comparisons, as we go forward here, while we expect to continue to improve.
John G. Morikis: We're going to be trying to drive that higher, Scott. Investments that we're making here we believe can help us.
John G. Morikis: Inside our Protective & Marine we're focused on a number of them. Rosemarie, I prefer not to highlight those for obvious reasons, but our teams are really pivoting into some areas where we've had some presence in the past, but we feel as though we could be more meaningful in the marketplace. And so we're investing in sales rep time and specification effort as well as some product development to help us. So, as we're pursuing these segments we're – sometimes adversity brings out the best. We're finding that we have technologies that will help customers in adjacent segments. We have people that are knowledgeable and we can pursue better. So, we're after them. I'd rather not highlight them right now, but rest assured that we're out there and pursuing them.
John G. Morikis: That's correct. And in some of the areas that we just have a lower share in the very profitable segments that we can increase our share in.
John G. Morikis: Well, I wouldn't say that there is anything new. We disclosed that we've received a second request, and we're working with the FTC to provide all the information that they need to complete their review. So, we're trying to be as responsive as we can to provide them with the information that they're asking for.
John G. Morikis: Actually, John, the discussions I've had with many customers around the country would say that they've got a good book of business that they're dealing with right now. They've got a good book of business that they have in the pipeline either secured or believe that they're going to secure. But what gives us, perhaps, most excitement is the pipeline of bids that they're looking at down the road. They also feel – that's why I mentioned earlier that they are bullish about those as well.
John G. Morikis: They are, yes. I'm going to say that we have strong equipment sales, as we pointed out in the first portion of our discussion.
John G. Morikis: I think that we've never broken out segment win inside our guidance but I think what we freely have said for probably 14 quarters in a row when you look at that guidance number, the Stores Group again will [lead our] sales in the third quarter and fourth quarter and for the full-year. So I think that the first half of the year is probably a pretty good indication of where you'd see, when you break out your sales in the model that Stores Group is going to be number one and those comp stores are going to be strong.
John G. Morikis: Chris, we often cite that we're blessed with a number of very good competitors and there's plenty of opportunity out there for us to continue to grow and new stores is one channel for them.
John G. Morikis: No, I think it's pretty reasonable. I think when we look at what we think our share count will be in the fourth quarter because of that dilution it's slightly higher than in the second quarter. But I think your point is well taken, again, approximately $0.25 of our original guidance we came out of January with had share repurchase. So when you look at the share count if you go out to the fourth quarter and have a slightly higher number than the second quarter, I think you're in good shape.
John G. Morikis: Well, the size of the number, obviously, when you look at the first quarter just the raw number versus the second has an impact on it, Eric and what I was speaking to as far as the comparisons month-to-month, we didn't see any significant highs and lows within the quarter that they were pretty consistent in our year-over-year comparisons.
John G. Morikis: No, not that I can think of. We have, again not to be too repetitive here, but we had a terrific quarter and then in residential repaint, double-digit gains. As talked about in the first portion of our comments about the whole residential, new residential DIY, all performing well and I don't know that there was any significant swings from the first quarter to second quarter.
John G. Morikis: We've got a terrific operating team that's constantly working to improve and unlock capacity in our facilities. And so that process continues. And we've got a wonderful team there that's working diligently to do that on a regular basis.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, I think that last year we earned positive profit in each one of the quarters last year. And for the year, we think that this year is going to be the exact opposite. But I do think when you look at the investments we're making, we think we're doing the right long-term and we think that the markets are troughing. I think that when you look at specifically at Mexico and Brazil, we're closer to the end. What we said last year, we felt that Brazil, you wouldn't see an improvement during 2016, maybe mid-2017. I don't think we've seen much difference there with political and so forth. In Mexico, we think Mexico is doing better. We think that's doing fine, but Argentina, Chile, Ecuador, we're still having some headwinds there and so we do believe that for the year we're going to lose money in Latin America.
Sean P. Hennessy: This is Sean Hennessy. And the 5.2% is fairly close to where we were. We have said that in the first quarter that was tremendously strong. We're almost double digits in the comp store, so we did feel that it was going to be lower than that first quarter, but the 5.2% in that materially different than what we had in the guidance.
Sean P. Hennessy: And on the labor side, we're putting our game plans together for 2017. We've done a lot of work on 2017. But we don't see – in our guidance, we still see productivity gains, especially in the Stores Group. So, when you look at that labor expense – and we're evaluating 2017, as we go. And as always, before we announce in the market what we're going to do with pricing, we would talk to our customers first. So, those plans are being developed right now. And if we do go, after we've talked to the customers, we'll be pretty transparent and let you know.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think, when you look at the results, I think, it's showing up, Jeff, that the painting contractor is the faster growing – that the painting contractor is growing faster than DIY. I think that's our perception, and I think the facts bear that out.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think that Latin America 100% of the raw materials are based on U.S. dollar and it's fully affected by the currency changes. In the Global Finishes, we do have a portion of that business that's in the United States that doesn't have that same effect and I think that's what – that's really the dramatic difference there.
Sean P. Hennessy: Sure. 100% of it went through the admin section. It was $25.2 million pre-tax which we broke down to $15.4 million after-tax, which gave $0.16. $4.5 million approximately went through SG&A, the other $21 million went through the interest expense. And again, that was 100% in the administrative segment.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yeah. Your first part of the question and sort of your implication is exactly right. Architectural was the fastest growing and the Protective & Marine was dampened. Really don't have a metric that I think we can share with you that we'd be comfortable with.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think so. Yeah, I think as we move forward, the comps – we're going to lap those comps. And at the same time, some of the good work our teams – what they're putting in place right now will continue to, I think positively benefit us going forward.
Sean P. Hennessy: It is, Arun. And we base that belief on the fact that the install base of square footage that requires maintenance has grown pretty dramatically since we considered mid-700 million gallons to be normalized. So this peak should be well above the last peak just at normal build rates and we're not back to normal build rates yet. We consider normal to be closer to 1.4 million, 1.5 million residential starts and a little stronger non-res activity than we're seeing right now. So, once we get build rates back there and once the maintenance cycles have returned to kind of normalized repaint activity, we think we're going to see normalized volume in the 780 million to 810 million gallons and very likely that this cycle should peak above that 810 million gallons. Whether that takes three years or five years to get back to, time will tell, as the rate of recovery in the residential market right now, I think, that is probably going to take at least three years to get back there.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yeah. I think that the way we run the business, we believe that in the long-term, we're going to continue to raise the ROS. I think that the gross margin, we've had great expansion. And basically because of three things – really nice gallon growth especially in the Stores Group, an integration that is complete now from the Comex North America, and raw materials have been a tailwind but those things have occurred. I think that in all cases, we're always looking long-term. I like your term – really looking in the long-term. And again this year, we're taking a balanced approach to where we're going. We're investing. There is times when the gross margin will lead our ROS improvements. And there is times that SG&A – and in fact that gallon growth that we've had in the Stores Group is because of innovation. I think that we continue to do a lot of innovation, and innovation has helped us in all the different segments. So when you look at where we're going this year, our mid-point of our range is $12.60; last year was $11.13 – a 13% increase – and then when you take a look at a challenging global environment and no share buybacks. Our original guidance had approximately $0.25 worth of buybacks in there. So, we're generating net operating cash at record levels, and we're continuing to make prudent investments in the business. So, you're going to see SG&A probably this year isn't going to be in the improvement in the ROS, it has to be in gross margin. And we had the tailwind. We've clearly said there wasn't going to be a tailwind. We had the innovation. We had Stores Group going away. But we're pretty confident that those investments will earn solid returns in the future, and that's how we do this balanced approach for the long-term that you asked.
Sean P. Hennessy: We always have said that we were – 88% to 92% is the sweet spot for us. And 2008 and 2009, when the market did go down 25%, 30% in that one year, we managed it. We did not take all the capacity out to get down to that level. And that's where the earlier question about the 820 million gallons, we were shooting for that 750 million gallons, 770 million gallons. So that capacity – we live with the capacity in the low 70%. We're now much closer to that 88% to 92%, and that's why our margins are doing very well. Since then, that North America acquisition of Comex – I think those gallons going into our footprint, but we've hung onto a couple of the assets they have and when we look at the Valspar, we think that they have some great assets to give us for capacity. We think that gives us another leg in the stool that give us the ability to have that capacity utilization go down in the short-term, but then gives us the ability to grow without a great deal of CapEx.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. And what that is, is when we've expensed – when starting the new rules many, many years ago, expensing stock option, RSO grant and so forth, you charge the P&L for the Black Scholes amount. So, whatever the Black Scholes value was on the day of the issuance, basically, you straight line to a three-year or a five-year option vesting period. Then what would occur is, if the stock – the differential between when the day of vesting, a differential between the Black Scholes value and the actual value was actually that difference would use to go to retained earnings. We always took it on our tax return, and that was one of the differentials between book and cash taxes. So this change, this accounting change for us has nothing to do with and won't change our cash performance; but instead of having that differential for us as you said in the second quarter, $8 million go to retained earnings and now goes directly through the P&L. So that's why it was $0.09 in the second quarter. Year-to-date, it was $0.28 and the reason why it was $0.19 in the first quarter is because of the – in the first quarter when the vesting occurred of our long-term RSOs, so that many people around that, so that's why it hit in the first quarter, second quarter was really driven by stock options that were exercised. So, that's what it is. It does have a cash differential that's why we pointed it out. We adopted it this quarter, so we can do it the accounting this way. I think as time goes on, I think January everyone has to go on it, so I think what we took the opportunity to do it now just to get this noise out of our P&L next year.
Sean P. Hennessy: Right. And just so you know when we try to say, we guesstimated that number will be $0.45 for the year. So, when we were talking about when we show that schedule in the back, that's where that $0.45 comes from. So 2017, we're seeing 2017 in the next two quarters, so $0.085 a quarter or something in that range.
Sean P. Hennessy: Sure. Paint Stores Group was an increase of $116 million. Consumer was flat. Global Finishes was up $2.5 million, and Latin America was down $13 million.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yeah. I think the 60%, 70% flow through are nice. But you're right. Not just that raw materials grew, we're fully integrated now with Comex. And those things have really helped us over the last two years, three years. So, yeah, we see as time goes on, we still have great flow through. But probably you're going to see it closer to maybe a little higher than what we've done in the past. But yes, it will.
Sean P. Hennessy: Sure. In the first quarter, the acquisition cost – I'm going to just speak to PBT. I won't talk about it unless you want me to. But if you take a look at the big buckets, there were advisor fees there. And then another big piece of that niche, that's the cash-out in the third quarter because of the timing and so forth, but that plus the bridge and turmoil fees, we're amortizing those bridge and turmoil fees today, that's cash. Then we have some legal fees that are cash, but the big hit will be Valspar's advisor and legal fees, which will occur at the close. So, when we look at that $0.72 that we show in the fourth quarter to finalize the 132, the majority of that is going to be a cash hit that's why a lot of times we look at the cash needed to close this $11.3 billion, we look at it closer to $11.5 billion because we have these $200 million worth of pre-tax closing costs in total. The majority of which will be paid back at that time.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think you're not going to be far off, it's not going to be exactly that, but that's probably not a bad number.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think the majority of which was in Consumer, but LACG – but we're still investing in stores. I think that the stores investments have not changed. We think this is a continued driver. So, the SG&A increase as a percent of sales was not in stores, but we still are investing in the stores as heavy as we ever have been.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes it is. We did borrow last year in July. And so, we've now fully anniversaried those bonds that we issued. So, we're 100% fixed right now because we're not in any variable interest. That's a very good rate. That $20 million is a very good number.
Sean P. Hennessy: First of all, what we said and I don't have this in front of me, but I think I'm going to be very close. Bob can tell us on the financial community presentation that's now in the Sherwin.com under IR, so we have a schedule and I actually show you what we think our debt to EBITDA would be all the way out to I believe 2020. So, I'd ask you to do that but I think what we try to show there is that the day of close our leverage is going to go over 6% if we close, and based on closing first quarter 2017 our debt to EBITDA would be over 4%, approximately 4.25%, and so by 2019 we'll be at 3% and by 2020 at 1.9% which is under 2%. And I think that's a big goal by 2020 to be under 1.9%. What we said is, and I want to answer this way because immediately after that financial community presentation, we were asked, does this mean that you're not going to buy any stocks through 2020 and I said no, we are going to buy stock when our debt to EBIT starts to approach 2.5% to 1%. So that will give you a little picture of what we're thinking. And then on the Moody's front, I think that we read the same thing from Moody's. Every summer after the second quarter we've always had an individual meeting with Moody's and Fitch and S&P. We did have a meeting prior to the announcement of the Valspar acquisition, which is some – and I think that we're going to go see all three of the rating agencies during this quarter and it's been – we're optimistic that we keep the investment-grade. Investment-grade is very important to us because in the first quarter of every year our cash flow is negative, because we're building inventory for the season so we're in the commercial paper, we want to be in the A1/P1. We don't want to have one of them not be an investment-grade. We take a look at the metrics and we feel pretty good about the metrics long-term. And so, the investment-grade is pretty important to us.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Yes, Ghansham, this is Bob. On the raw material outlook, we still see low mid-single-digit deflation for the full-year 2016. Although, you asked specifically about TiO2. The majors in TiO2 we think are probably gaining some traction on the second quarter price increase that they announced, that is off to December 2015 lows. The implementation at this point as near as we can tell from an industry standpoint is probably in the mid-single-digit cents per pound, so not a significant increase in percentage terms. As expected, they've been out with a third quarter announcement. We think that it's likely they may get some traction, but how much they get really depends on customer size, on location geographically. So, we're likely to see some year-over-year inflation in TiO2 as far as the rest as the basket. The feed stocks for the latex and acrylic monomer market have been very stable. Chemical grade propylene has been steady at around $0.31 a pound. So we don't necessarily see inflation in that side of the basket.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Yeah and as far as the timing as you mentioned, we're patient. We think – but we don't see it snapping back in the next quarter or so.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: You know on the top-line, I think, as we settle sequentially, we'll improve I think that; but, you know, with some of the situations we just talked about, we think it's going to be flat to up slightly.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Yeah, Don. For starters, we don't think there was much of a weather effect in the numbers this year. We think that build rates are holding up very well, but they're not on fire. Residential construction is up about 10% year-over-year in square footage terms. In the commercial markets, starts are down but completions are up pretty significantly year-over-year. So we're seeing solid demand growth in the new construction market. In the repaint market, while the pro-residential repaint business has been really solid, what's hard to determine at this stage, because we just don't have the data is how the DIY channels held up in the second quarter. So, I hesitate to say, that there's just not enough data to call market growth in the second quarter yet, but I think that's the truth. The contractor market seems to have grown nicely, but it's hard to tell on the other piece.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: I think that when we take a look at that group I think that the improvement stems from really four focused driving that product technology I mentioned earlier into the market, improving SG&A, capturing pricing in the – where to offset currency and then capturing reductions in the raw materials that they occur in the United States. So, these combination of four things I don't think are going to change. You'll see the slide. For the longest time, we used to talk about 12% and I think that this has given us great confidence that we can say 13%. And with some market share gains, I think, we can actually beat that number. So, I think the game plan has worked very, very well.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: The answer to the last question is, no, there really was no one-time thing that I would point out. I just think it was the operation as it is. I think we come closer to breakeven and maybe there is a chance that if we have a little stronger sales – the fourth quarter definitely is the closest to breakeven for the remainder of the year. But right now, I would not come out here and say we're definitely going to make money in the fourth quarter.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Yeah, Nils, on average, as we typically point out, the time between starts and completion runs about 20 months to 22 months in the non-residential space, which means that next year we're primarily going to be completing 2015 starts. 2015 was a pretty strong year. Not as strong as 2014. 2014 was the strongest year since the recession. 2015 was the second strongest and today so far year-to-date we're running down about 9% in square footage of starts. So, we will see the non-residential market trend downward in terms of completions over the next couple of years. As a reminder, the non-res market you're talking about, a-third of the new construction piece of the market, which new construction totals less than 20%. So it will be a headwind in out years just not a real significant one.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: I'd say we spend a lot of time on this metric. We've been watching to see how the new stores today are creating cash and the metrics versus the metrics we've done over the years. We compare it to the market. We compare it to how that market is in relative size to stores per household and the metrics have all been going in the right direction, which would tell you if your incremental stores continue to perform like that, you're probably – and the markets are performing that you're probably not at a saturation point.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Yeah, I think that we're getting closer to the sweet spot. I think that there is still some room when it comes to looking at that incremental margin. I think, when we were in the low-70%s, we had a great deal of room, and so you saw a greater impact. But I do think the incremental margins will still be strong. They will be higher than our ROS today. And I think that's the key for us. We are always trying to make sure that our incremental margin – our incremental flow-through, as we call it, is greater than our current ROS. So I still see that happening. I just don't see it happening at the 60%, 70% incremental margins.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Well, David, the question you're asking is why is what we consider normalized growing? And I think you answered the question. It's growing because the base is growing. And if you look at the overall U.S. architectural paint market, more than 80% of average annual volume goes toward repaint and it's applied to structures that already exist. If you look at that 740 million to 760 million normalized range that dates all the way back to the late 1990s. And we've had three building cycles since the late 1990s that have put a lot more square footage in place. Our population has grown significantly since then. So, we think it's reasonable to adjust the normalized expectation up based on primarily repaint volume. The other thing you see is, as the housing market continues to improve and get healthier and that health is oftentimes reflected in home values, you'll see the frequency of repaint activity increase. So at the peak of this cycle, people are painting more, just like they are remodeling more.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Well, no, for normalized that normalized band would assume housing starts in the range of 1.4 million to 1.5 million. We think that's sustainable given our current rate of household formation.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Yes. That's correct, Richard. The Protective & Marine cuts across three segments. There's also some Protective & Marine business in Latin America.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Yeah. In terms of the impact of the current oil and gas pricing and the depression in mining activity, yes.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: I think, number one, that's a partial list, but all three – all the things that you just mentioned plus different point of purchase materials, displays, maybe even thinning equipment, color matching equipment – all of that will go into that.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: No. Don't worry about the Argentinian peso. The four currencies that drive us – and I'm talking specifically Sherwin – are Brazilian reais, which is better than it was in the first quarter but still a headwind in the second quarter. We were still in the 3.11. We expect that possibly by the fourth quarter that's not going to be a headwind. That's going to be a tailwind. The second is Canadian dollar. The Canadian dollar has continued to be weak. So, we expect that's going to be a headwind for the remainder of the year. The euro, which is relatively flat, and so we think – but we have a big presence in the UK. And with the Ronseal brand, the [Lee's] paint brand, the Geocel and the Great Britain pound is now a headwind – a significant headwind.
Robert J. Wells - SVP: Thanks again, Jesse. As always, I would be available over the next few days to handle any additional questions that arise out of this morning's call. If you'd like to be placed in the queue for a follow-up call, please call Christy Johnson at 216-566-3001, and she will add you to the callback schedule. That number again 216-566-3001. I'd like to thank you again for joining us today, and thank you for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
