Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think we've commented, Stephen, that our expectations for the industry is that raw materials would finish for the year somewhere in the high teens, the low 20% range. Clearly, titanium has been the driver primarily of that growth this year, and we see numbers from other analysts in the range of around 40% year-over-year pricing in titanium. I don't think much change is in this forecast relative to how the year tracks regarding those numbers. 2012 remain to be seen, the amount of pricing, but from my earlier comments, you can see that we expect to be dealing with titanium price increases going into next year. Sherwin-Williams, our competitors and other raw material suppliers have all spoken about various replacement technologies, but I think the reality is that our industry is going to be relying primarily on this important raw material for a long period of time to get to come [ph].
Christopher M. Connor: Again, I think we've talked publicly about some of the emerging titanium producers and technologies around the world, and some of those are, in fact, winding their way into our operations. But again, I don't think there's substantial enough volumes to make a significant difference in the overall market environment.
Christopher M. Connor: No, Dan, those businesses are performing fine for the company. They tend to be more at the higher end of the kind of volume numbers that we've been talking about.
Christopher M. Connor: The October price increase was announced through our stores organization. I think as the investment community know, that's the one that we're usually the most transparent on. The pricing was around 8% to 9%. That's on top of pricing taken, as you mentioned, earlier in the year. In fact, this was the fifth price increase that we've taken in the last 20 months. All told, those 5 price increases cumulatively amount to just shy of around 30%. Historically, our net effective tax -- net effect of price increase has been in the 75% range of what we've gone out for. This last price increase is off to a good start and tracking right in line with those past historic performances.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I'll take the first half of this, and then I'll let Sean comment as well. Clearly, there's price fatigue. There's price fatigue on our part as well dealing with the raw material cost pressures that keep coming in. The frequency of the pricing activities that we've just talked about, again, as a reminder, is through our stores organization, so we don't take pricing as frequently to some of the other customer segments. We tend to go in smaller increments and more frequently, and I think as we've shared with the investment community over the years, the unique business model that we have servicing professional painting contractors and through our own stores, we strive [ph] a little better, run the market for us to implement them. Sean, I know you got some thoughts as well.
Christopher M. Connor: I don't think there's a lot of difference between the 2, Chuck. I think we're blessed with a customer, in both of those segments, who appreciates quality materials. They're loyal to that, have a higher labor component to a finished job and just the material cost. For the most part, pricing actions across both those segments are tracking as they have historically for us.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I'll give you kind of a color on the segments and customer pieces, then I'll let Sean comment a little bit on just to get you closer in kind of the numbers. In terms of the stores business, as you know, we break out DIY as one big group. Within the contractor segment, we break out pretty much across all the other pieces, parts.  And as we've been commenting for some time, the residential repaint activities are the strength of the market. We've seen that. Obviously, DIY is essentially a residential repaint market in and of itself, but the painting contractor segment that's focused on that has continued to show some signs of strength for the company. We were pleased to see some growing signs of vital strength in the other segments. We've commented earlier in the year regarding the importance of property management. We're actually seeing some of our commercial repaint activity pick up as well, and the protective and marine has been fairly strong for the company throughout the year. The one segment, obviously, that remains a little bit of a lagger would be in that new residential area.
Christopher M. Connor: And then just to conclude the question, Chuck, regarding the Global Finishes Group, all 3 segments that we report there, product finishes, vehicle refinish and the protective segment, all were very comparable and very nice solid gallon performance and the strong revenue that we already commented on.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think we've talked about the Latin American market, where Brazil and Mexico reside. It's embedded in that Global Finishes Group, which, as we indicated, was at the high end of our sales performance of our 3 segments. And the Brazilian and Mexican businesses are very much in line with the kind of numbers that we commented on. I think regarding the acquisitions, specifically, we don't break them out individually. There was an earlier caller that asked us if we were on track around this $450 million impact, and we said we were. So I think, Eugene, these are all kind of performing on pro forma and as expected.
Christopher M. Connor: I think Sean commented earlier that we felt that by year-end, we would probably be in the range of the margin guidance that we've provided for a while now, in the 43% to 46% range. Historically, the company has operated at the peak of that range, and we're guiding that we'll probably be in the lower half of it. So that would indicate that we don't have all the pricing required to be back at the historic level. The company does not comment on perspective pricing actions, and we'll wait to see how the market responds on a number of fronts and give guidance to the street if and when we decide to take more pricing in the coming year.
Christopher M. Connor: So a lot of this, Eric, is obviously predicated on the raw material costing environment. So if you can answer that part of the formula [indiscernible], we'll tell you where we're going to stabilize. As you know, we're going to continue to put pricing into the market on the heels of raw material cost pressure to us, and so it's going to take some time for us to recover.
Christopher M. Connor: I think that, Dennis, to that point, if we were unable to freeze raw material cost right where they are today, we'd still see a mid-double-digit kind of price increase next year, in the teens.
Christopher M. Connor: Sure. Well, we have terrific respect for all the big-box competitors that are in this space. We have watched for decades, essentially, Dennis, and see the same demographic shift toward the paint that we've watching in a number of initiatives and programs that have been introduced to attract that customer into their footprint. It's incumbent upon Sherwin and the other operators of the specialty paint store chains to continue to do the things to keep that customer loyal to our channel. I think those actions are afoot. You see that simply as we continue to open more and more convenient store locations, as well as the caliber and the talent we put inside the store and the technology and the product that's being introduced.  So all those things continue to keep this customer loyal to the channel. Having said that, we think that these are very compelling competitors, and we have to continue to pay attention. You make reference to the more -- not so much the painting contractor, specifically, but more of the remodeling contractor or what we sometime refer to as the handyman, who might be buying multiple home improvement products, not just in the same category, and that's a more appropriate customer [indiscernible]. We think that's happening, and time will tell where these all shakes out. We remain committed to being the retail location and choice for the professional painting contractor, and we like our chances going forward.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Chris, we have been commenting that the residential repaint market will be rebounding and, as Bob said, mainly on the maintenance side, and a good part of that is because of this pent-up demand. The number that I can maybe share with you that will give you some comfort around that is that we've been talking about the U.S. architectural coatings industry at its peak 4 years or so ago, produced 800 million gallons, and that number's dropped to just below 600 million gallons.  And if you back out the housing bubble impact, it had new home construction and new commercial construction kind of in more normalized historic run rates, not bubble rates. The industry should be somewhere in the 725 million to maybe as high as 750 million gallons. So we think that as the new construction comes back, it doesn't account for all that growth in 600 million to mid-700s. There's obviously pent-up demand on maintenance, both residential and some commercial as well, and I think that will be the strength of this market for the next several years.
Christopher M. Connor: Jeremy, first comment on the weather, I think that yes, Irene certainly impacted up and down the eastern seaboard, but as a country, we think some form of hurricane weather activity. Every year, we take various rains and snow storms, et cetera, so it's rare that the company comments on weather having either a negative or positive impact on the organization. We have seen from time to time geographically some impacts on these, but Irene has been the caliber hurricane that would have done that. Katrina moved the needle for us in the southwestern part of the United States. Various other hurricanes historically in Florida might have, but I don't think that those things will move the needle or having an impact in the third quarter volumes that we've been talking about. In terms of the repaint projects we're seeing relative to average size or scope, I don't think there's a lot of change in that at all.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think, Silke, that clearly in the painting contractor segments that we've been talking about, we're pretty confident that this has been the share-gaining cycle that we've been through in the third quarter. We'll confirm that as well. I think our DIY performance through our stores group also has been a share-gaining performance. It's been performing right in line with these high revenue numbers that we've been commenting on through the stores, and the volume performance has been nice there as well, too.  Obviously, we have commented publicly about our Consumer Group's loss of a significant retail partner, so I think all in, when you look at the DIY segment, the puts and takes are probably more in the flattish area. But clearly, again these professional painting contractors across all the segments, will continue to gain share.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, we don't disagree with that. But I think the question was if the raw material costs, to us, stayed consistent, where would our overall input cost be throughout calendar 2012, and that was the comment that we'd be in the low to mid-teens. If propylene turns over and we start to see that feedstock pricing comes through our raws here, this thesis is correct.
Christopher M. Connor: We've got no issues with that at all, Greg. Supply is fine for this year as well as the foreseeable future.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think we're fine. I don't hear any stress in the industry where we're unable to get inventory on raw materials.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Greg, we are aware of the orefication, I would say, for the first time probably in 3 or 4 of these titanium runs that I've been involved in. We've actually been a little bit more work through, the providers of TiO2 to the ore manufacturer. So we are marginally up to speed on some of the economics that are facing that. I don't think we really have an opinion or comment on that at this point in time.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, we talked publicly about the split in the market between the contractor, painting contractor purchases and all other categories, which would include DIY, primarily, but also some of this remodeler. Anybody that doesn't generate more of than 75% of their revenue from applying paint, we don't consider a painting contractor. That shift has moderated at 55% of all purchases for painting contractors. It's the second year in a row. So after seeing it fall for a couple of years due to the falloff in construction, that's moderating.  Relative to the shift between that and the big-boxes, we haven't seen any movement from the contractor toward the big-boxes. So the share gains that we're speaking of -- and when we talk about share, we're going into the individual segment, have we gained more share specifically against the res repaint contractor, the commercial contractor, et cetera. And that's where we told you that we're quite confident that this has been a share-gaining cycle for us against all those subsegments.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, again, speaking specifically about the painting contractor market in North America and their strong preference for the specialty paint store channel, we think during this cycle that we've seen north of a thousand locations close. That would be a small mom-and-pop, independent dealer, as well as some of the larger national and regional chains that we compete with in close locations.  So just on a door count alone, the share position has improved. I think when you look inside that -- in each of our calls over the last several quarters, we've talked about the strategic decision the company's made to keep staffing levels in these stores at high levels. That's why our SG&A peaked, and I think, again, that's the key component of keeping contractors loyal to that footprint. So all those things would be part and parcel of why that share shift is moving towards the Sherwin-Williams store footprint.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, Stephen. This is Sean Hennessy. Just talking about the consumer margins in the quarter, one of the things that happened this year is we really changed the production plan and really front-loaded our production plan for the year, which resulted in higher inventory in the first and second quarter. And what happened in the third quarter is our inventory in this area came down. It was reduced. So usually, you'll see that in the fourth quarter. So what happens is that in the third quarter, our inventory production plan was lower versus last year's third quarter, so the operating margin was depressed in the third quarter. And our fourth quarter margin will not drop sequentially at the same rate as last year's. Couple other effects of that was the cash. You saw, as Chris made his notes, cash was up over $100 million, and that was a direct -- correlated exactly to the same issue.
Sean P. Hennessy: Right. I think we need to take a look at -- I'd just like to point out a couple of numbers. If you look at the operating margins, really, in the stores group, we were down 8/10 in the third quarter, but for the 9 months, we're 2/10 below last year. I do think that there probably is some fatigue, but I think that gives you some comfort that pricing is going through and we're managing through that.  And again, when you take a look at the consumer margins, as Steve asked earlier, our margin year-to-date is down over 300 basis points. But I think that's going -- again, that was due to some timing of production and inventory. By the end of the year, I think that will be tremendously closer than it is today. So I think those numbers give you some kind of comfort that we're really starting -- we're still able to have pricing power in the market.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, finished goods inventories, when you go back 2 years, really, because last year, we had different kinds of finished goods inventory problems. But if you look at it compared to 2 years ago, we feel pretty good about our finished goods inventory. With the reduction in the third quarter, we're probably real close to where we should be. Raws, on the other hand, are slightly higher, and I think you pointed that out. And I would suggest that we're going to run high until we start to see the raw materials turn. And that's how we're managing that. But I think you're going to see raw materials higher in the short term.
Sean P. Hennessy: No, but it was the majority when you look at that 100 basis points. And I think that what we look at in the third quarter was -- that's really going to be the lowest gross margin that we'll report on a quarterly basis this year. And we actually think that sequentially, you'll see our gross margin rise in the fourth quarter. And If I was to give you a forecast, we're at 42.7. Year-to-date, I think we'll get close to the low end of the range that we talked about, the 43 to 46.
Sean P. Hennessy: I would say it has a lot to do with the pricing. As Chris has mentioned, we just put a price increase the first week in October in stores, but we are going to have some positive because it's going to basically -- we had to take the positives or the negatives some time with the production plan. We took it in the third quarter versus fourth last year, so that will help us in the fourth quarter.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think the loss, Greg, really, when you take a look at it, came from the acquisition we completed in the third quarter, the acquisition, the inventory step-up and so forth. Really, 100% of the loss actually came from the lease acquisitions that Chris mentioned during his comments.
Sean P. Hennessy: Right. And when you look at the stores group, we were up 10.2% for the quarter, comp store growth about -- we were up 8.2%, Chuck. When you take a look at it, we feel pretty good about where we are with the selling prices. But as Chris mentioned, as some of the segments have changed, you're starting to see not a mix change by customer. Customers, they're not changing the mix, but because of that, it does change how much the average selling price will increase just because of different bases. But our selling price increases in the mid -- in that 5% to 7% -- 4% to 6% selling price increase in the quarter, then there's a little difference on the on the comp stores gallon gain.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, Eric, I think just to remind everyone, last year, we felt that the government put a program out for new homebuyers that really pulled some sales forward. If you remember, and I'll remind everyone, March was very strong and April was very strong. May was very strong. And then you started to see the slippage in the third or fourth quarter. From our standpoint, we believe that the total year volume was probably not affected, but what happened was the timing of that, we had to go forward. This year, we are going against that. In the first and second quarter, we went through that and, as you said, really caused that decrease.  Having said that -- and we think that fourth quarter will look a lot like the third quarter. Having said that, when we talk about sequentially and so forth, we still feel pretty good about the second quarter volume in the stores group. Second to third quarter, we think that there was some increases there. But we think that just because of the major dramatic changes that that program caused in the second and third quarter last year caused major portion of the negative to positive.
Sean P. Hennessy: We don't. What happened -- once we've got our inventory down, you're not going to see it come down, but what happens is when your inventory comes up the balance sheet, your expensing that conversion in a different quarter than what you produced it, and that's what happens to us this year. And that's why I think that when you see the quarterly -- last year, our drop between the third and fourth quarter in the Consumer Group went from 17 down to 10. You're not going to see that same dramatic decrease of the 11.7 that we produced this third quarter.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. I think that -- I usually don't do this, but I would tell you that the segment probably will have a higher operating margin in the fourth quarter, even with the raw material headwind.
Sean P. Hennessy: I'm glad you mentioned that '07 because this 20 million is really not anything new to this management team. We also received 20 million in 2005 and 2003. So it's been an ongoing program. I think the way we've been purchasing the stock is pretty consistent to what you're going to see in the future. I think that it's not that we're always trying to do 4%. But it's interesting, when you look over the 10-year period, annually, it's been at least 4% every year. I think that, again, the cash we're producing, we're going to be looking for acquisitions or the dividends are important to us, the CapEx and, and where there are acquisitions, you're going to still see us buying stock. And as Chris mentioned, one time in -- 41 straight quarters, we've purchased stocks. So I think you'll still see us in the market every quarter.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. I think when you take a look at it, there will be some incremental, really, but I think that SG&A at this level, we think that over 90% is fixed. And the reason it's so high is that we consider manpower in the store being [indiscernible] is a fixed cost. You don't open a store without a manager, a system manager and the right staffing. So when we look at what we are able to do between 2002 and 2007 and look at the incremental -- how much we brought down to the bottom line and incremental income, we think that we could actually be slightly higher than that if it goes back up to that 725 million to 750 million range. And we think our capacity -- where we're running that capacity gives us some nice incremental flow-through.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, we should be seeing the drop in propylene flowing through that portion of the raw material basket in the next quarter or 2.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. I think most of the time we do talk about the basket. We still believe that the basket will increase in the high teens, low 20% range. When you take a look at that, the majority of it is that titanium dioxide.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, Don, really just one factor, and you're very accurate. We feel pretty good where we think the sales will come in, what we think is going to happen with the SG&A, what we think our interest expense and so forth will be.  It really comes down to this cost thing and how much cost will come in and the effect on our LIFO reserves for the year. That's probably the #1 reason that the range is -- the range, without that volatility in the gross margin -- really caused by the 2 things. We'll see what our costs of goods sold are in the fourth quarter. And as you know, with LIFO, that's last in, first out, so we'll see what happens. And then the LIFO reserve as well as the raws are causing that.
Sean P. Hennessy: Not actually in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter was still a fairly strong quarter for us, not only for the color plates that we were providing, but if any of the other 3 vendors had any type of issues as far as providing, we were doing the providing for their product. So fourth quarter was still a pretty good quarter for us with that Walmart business. Really, in the fourth quarter, you're going to see the annualization.
Sean P. Hennessy: Over the course of time and through all of these, usually, we do see us a positive mix change for us on the gross margin side, as well as the -- towards the higher quality products. And then with new products, that, again, occurs. So I think that next year, we're going to be more of the same. I think we're going to see positive mix for us in 2012. And as Chris said, when you annualize where we're at just currently, you do have a raw material increase. And with the pricing that we did in October, that's going to be annualized next October. I think you're going to see price still be a good size factor for increasing sales next year.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. I think right now, we're going through that planning process, and it really has to come down to what we think is going to happen to raws and so forth. But I would tell you, it's probably -- even if we repeated it, it would not be as dramatic as it is in 2011. Will we be all the way back to where we were in 2009? I don't know, but we're finalizing those plans right now, but I don't think it'll be as dramatic as this year.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, I think that over time, we've talked about long term. We think it's going to be flat, up slightly. I think that when you take a look at the Consumer Group right now, probably, it's going to have a little more price than normal in next year, but I would say with a more normalized production rate. I think you're going to -- that's what I would say. In the near-term, you're going to see from consumer.
Sean P. Hennessy: We're working on that game plan right now, but just as company, I think we expect margin improvement. Right now, we haven't finalized the plan, but I would say that our operating team, I don't think we'd come up here without a margin improvement next year.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, that's been a pretty solid category for us, Kevin. And as with the architectural business, the amount of new build -- or the degree to which new build is driving that category is way down. So normally, it could be as much as 20% of volume going into new build. We would suspect that in this environment, it would be close to half of that, maybe 10% to 12%. The repaint side, the recoat side is the piece of the business that's holding up quite well.
Robert J. Wells: The market, I'm not sure of the split in the market. In our business, we are skewed very heavily toward protective.
Robert J. Wells: The only thing I'd say on that, Jeremy, is that given that residential repaint has been where most of the strength in the market has been over the last few quarters, those tend to be smaller projects than the commercial projects. So if we see a meaningful rebound in commercial volume, that probably suggests larger product size.
Robert J. Wells: Well, given that large-ticket home improvement projects are down, I would say that the growth we're seeing in the residential repaint market, which has been modest, but it's been positive, are likely maintenance painting projects and redecorating projects as opposed to the tailwind of large capital improvement projects.
Robert J. Wells: There are a handful of personal injury suits still pending, Gregg. I think we have one maybe in Mississippi and a couple in Wisconsin. There is also the matter of the public nuisance complaint still pending in California, which we are in a discovery phase now. And it's slated to go to trial late next year, but we'll see if we stick to that timing.
Robert J. Wells: We'd like to thank you, all, for your participation on the call this morning, on this very busy reporting day for you. As always, I will be available over the balance of the day and week to take your follow-up questions. We appreciate you joining us this morning, and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
