Christopher Connor: Well, John, first, as you know, we buy the majority of our raw materials in the first half. So any release in propylene-based materials in the second half will have somewhat of a muted effect on our raw material basket for this year. Secondly, propylene has come down in recent weeks, but only -- it's still above the level that it was in January 2011, if my data is correct. So we've seen a hump this year, but in terms of year-over-year relief, it's got a ways to go, I think, before it gets down to the average cost for 2010.
Christopher Connor: I think when we take a look at it, I guess we sort of mentioned before, we think that the price realization, covering those raw materials into the market, we're in a better position inside the Stores Group versus the Global and the Consumer Group. And that's why, usually, they start to recover the gross margin quicker, and it's still going in that same kind of direction.
Christopher Connor: I think, Kevin, what we've talked about is, when we announced our pricing, we said that we'd take very similar pricing increase levels across all segments of the company. And I think in terms of timing and ultimate implementation, that's where we see a little bit of difference. For the most part, when we're all done with all of these, they're all very close to each other in terms of the range.
Christopher Connor: In the first quarter, Kevin, we did get a look at some of the federal government information on architectural coatings for the United States. It was down north of 4% in gallons. We think the second quarter will also be soft, as well, when we get that data. We've not seen that yet. And as a result of that, our gallon performance has outpaced that, and we're confident that we'll gain share.
Christopher Connor: Stephen, we have a lot of work being done right now in our industry, and certainly here at Sherwin on that very subject. There are a number of what heretofore has been left a great titanium suppliers that are rapidly working to get their quality levels up. We have quite a bit of that material in various stages of testing both in laboratories as well as in manufacturing facilities, and time will tell. China is one of the locations, Eastern Europe is the other. And I think at price levels where they are today for titanium, we're seeing far more interest in capacity coming onstream and development happening.
Christopher Connor: I think you're starting to see it trickle into our products right now. It's just not going to be a substantial enough volume to make much of a difference in offsetting the increases that we've been talking about now in the low 20% range.
Christopher Connor: I'd say that architectural demand in the quarter just completed was trending positively throughout the quarter. April was difficult. Weather across the United States was not favorable, and the exterior house painting season, May, wasn't much better. We began to see some nice performance in June, and that's continuing as we go forward. We made the comment on our call just recently that we thought that the second half of the year, we'd see better volume comparisons in the domestic architectural businesses. Likewise, the Global businesses have been doing terrific, and we've been seeing strong double-digit gains in architectural, and OEM, in automotive, all the things we've commented on. So U.S. is lagging that, and we think the second half will be better.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I think, obviously, P.J., we're expecting an upturn, and mathematics would indicate that we absolutely will have more stores when that begins to happen. Not only just in a gross number for our count, but also in the comparison to our competitors. As we've commented, the gap between us and the remaining specialty paint store operators is widening, so that will continue. As we've also commented in the past, P.J., we have a number of different types of stores beginning with the neighborhood paint stores that we're most noted for, which would in fact be aimed at servicing the DIY customer as well. All the way up to store locations that are in more industrial locations to service professional painting contractor needs. Various markets have needs for different types of stores at different times. I don't think we're opening any more of a percentage of our stores towards this DIY market that we have in the past. Having said that, the ratio of these neighborhood paint stores or these more industrial stores is probably 80% to 90% of our stores fall in that category, as with our new store count this year also be in that 80% to 90% would be focused on DIY, as well as servicing the residential paint contractors.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I think it's absolutely raw materials, Jeff. I mean, we're feeling very good about most of the segments of the company in the way that they're headed. And we think were coming into a better second half on volumes. We've been very clear with the investment community about the unabated run off in this raw material costs. We took pricing again in June to the market. And as Sean commented, this price increase will go in as others have. As you know, it takes us a better part of 9 to 12 months to be fully implemented. And at full implementation, we'll have about 75% of it in. So if all raw material cost increases stopped today, we would be somewhere into the first half of next year to have our pricing catch up.
Christopher Connor: I think that we're still in a market that is clearly bouncing along the bottom on housing and new construction. We have a pretty good view into the repaint activities that are going to be taking place. And I think the range reflects the fact that there's still quite a bit of uncertainty in this market.
Christopher Connor: We don't give that number out specifically, but I think we have commented that in the quarter specifically, given the impact of unseasonable weather pretty much across the entire eastern half the United States, tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, significant rain, that our exterior gallons definitely lagged the quarter's performance. And as we also commented, we saw that start to rebound in May, and June was a much better month for us.
Christopher Connor: Yes, let me do that, Saul. If you look at the effect of the pricing in the first quarter, we are getting a pretty good jump on these things and we see quite a bit of it in there. As you know, we honor our price commitments on quotes that we've given to professional painting contractors, industrial coating segments, et cetera. Particularly when you take pricing at this time of year in the middle of the paint season, you've got a lot of jobs that have been quoted, and we stand behind those. So that's why you see a tail on these things, it just takes a little longer.
Christopher Connor: First of all, the government data, Don, that is absolutely correct. We've commented in the past that we have to be slightly suspect of this information because it does get revised, and very much appropriate this time revised significantly downwards. You referenced the 3% first quarter decline. We actually saw 4.2% in the data that we were looking at, and we think that's probably pretty close and certainly more accurate than what we were seeing from them last year. And as we also commented, our gallon declines were not at that level, even with the comment that Sean just did with the last caller, regarding the impact on the consumer segment. So our expectations are that in the second half of this year, when the comparisons get easier, because we also commented that the second quarter last year was a positive gallon quarter for us and not so much in third and fourth, we expect that we're going to have gallon flat to up, and that we're going to be outpacing the industry over that period of time. Regarding our opportunities as a big box customer, we've also been very consistent for a long period of time to advise both the major big box players, as well as a number of smaller regional ones, are all customers of ours, and we have an ongoing concerted calling effort in there. And we would welcome the opportunity at the right time with the right brand, to play a role in there. And we have nothing further to comment on that at this point in time.
Christopher Connor: Yes, John. I think the elasticity of pricing and demand is, obviously, something we watch extremely closely. We've commented in the past that through all these pricing activities we've taken over the past decade, that we very carefully watch the mix inside the company, and are continuing to experience favorable or at least steady mix even with the pricing that we've had to take.
Christopher Connor: Yes, we're very excited about this program. It was officially launched in June. And in preparation for that, it had started to show up in the stores as early as April and May as we were getting material and point of purchase displays sent in ahead of time. I can tell you that through the first full month, as well us a little bit of a pre-support, it's on budget and doing well. July is tracking much stronger than June, as we're now starting to see the advertising kick in. The HGTV programming, as well as our own outreach to their database of followers has been robust and terrific. And we're seeing great foot traffic in the stores, intrigued with the whole color offering and the idea. To your point, there is some upselling happening, as we would expect, as the customers get in and understand that there are higher quality product choices. So I would say that from our perspective, we're pleased with the early signs. And it's tracking exactly as we had expected.
Christopher Connor: Yes, we had some modest increases in advertising expense and some merchandising, not significantly. I think that was all embedded in the SG&A, which was under control. And we would expect that to remain the case for the rest of the year, Brian.
Christopher Connor: We don't do couponing, per se, but the paint industry, including Sherwin, has always used promotional activity, dollars and percentage off to drive traffic and sales, particularly during the height of the paint season. As we commented on the early part of the call, 6 of the last 8 quarters, we've had strong double-digit DIY sales gain through our stores. And so I would say that this goes back about 2 years ago, where we started to be a little bit more aggressive with our promotional schedule. Those have continued pretty much at the same level over that cycle, and it's helping drive additional traffic to our stores.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I think the third quarter, we're still going against an acquisitions. September, we're fully annualized on those. I think that you'll see some fall off, but it won't call it dramatic. And then we have this Leighs coming in, but that's not that dramatic.
Christopher Connor: I'll take it in reverse. We definitely are definitely going to be continuing to stay in the commercial paper. Right now, the low end, we're paying less than 25... [Technical Difficulty]  It's been a pretty good financing for the company. We took the opportunity -- really, we wanted to be $1 billion, but 15, 18 months ago, we did the last one, the prices were so high, and we still had the letter of credit CDSs. We still had $750 million of those. Now those will start -- one came out in June, another one will come out next year. So we thought with the prices coming down, and we actually were able to take our $500 million up to a $1 billion with lower costs. So as those come off, we felt it was important to have it at $1 billion.
Christopher Connor: Yes, I'd be happy to, Dmitry. And I would say that both of the major wood acquisitions we made in Europe last year, of Becker Acroma and Sayerlack, are performing well. They're on pro-forma budget for the company. We are beginning the early stages, as you pointed out, of expanding from wood coatings into some of the other Industrial OEM finishes. That the company has good technology and good share position in the United States. And the teams that we have on the ground in Europe are excited to have additional new product technology and opportunity to sell. So all that's going well. I would comment further that, as Sean has commented in his answers to the gross margin questions, that this is an area where we need to improve. We've seen a little bit of a gross margin erosion with these businesses. I think that's not to be unexpected at a time of an acquisition. We have larger customers with this business as opposed to the types of customers we enjoy through the control distribution in the Stores business. And we've been a little more careful with pricing there until such time as we calm the waters and all the changes that are affiliated with the acquisition. Our expectations are that the management teams are doing great. We have very much been able to retain the leadership that we had hoped to keep. And we're moving forward to fix and address some of these pricing issues to get us back on track. Overall, I'd say that the company is very pleased with the way that these acquisitions are tracking.
Christopher Connor: I'd say it's been constant through the cycle, Dmitry. We've done 4 major acquisitions in the last 12, 15 months. We continue to be focused and disciplined about the types of businesses that we think would make sense for us to look for. We are talking to a number of interesting targets as we speak. As you made mention, Sean has done a terrific job of making sure company has access to all the capital we might need to do that. And I think you should expect a very continual, similar size deals that we've been doing in the past years to continue.
Christopher Connor: Well, a couple of points there. As we commented, the comparisons get much more favorable for us going forward, Eric. We had the toughest comparison quarter that we've just come through in the second quarter, relative to the first time homeowner tax credit program that really created a little blip of volume demand in 2010. And then a corresponding falloff to that in the second half of the year, which we don't expect to happen this year. Also our own data would indicate that we're trending throughout this year in a better model. We've talked about how April to May to June changed and then July is remaining strong. So given the fact that we have a significant volume through that store's platform, which really drive that number, that's why we're guiding stronger.
Christopher Connor: Correct, it does not. And the reason being is that professionals buy every single day at various discount levels based on their size and volume. And typically, those prices are better than what the retail DIY customers would buy even on promotion.
Christopher Connor: Well, you're right. DuPont announcing titanium price increases is nothing new. We've been hearing that for -- on a quarter-after-quarter basis for literally decades. Obviously, they have much more commitment to the enforcement of those price increases over the last couple of years. Again, we've been consistent with our communication to the street. We've talked about the fact that the entire basket of raw material increases for the industry has been going up each quarter that we give you guidance, we are now on the high teens, low 20s. The vast majority of that is in the titanium. It remains to be seen what kinds of impact it will have going into 2012. And we'll be commenting on that as we get closer to year end.
Sean Hennessy: John, this is Sean Hennessy, and we watch that question carefully. We continue to look at other mix of products and so forth, and the increase of raw materials is, like you said, unprecedented. But we still believe over the long-term, eventually, we're going to be able to recover this raw materials in the marketplace and recover our gross margins.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I think when you take a look at the administrative loss, we're -- year-to-date, we're down right around $13 million. Our interest was down $15 million a year ago. We did expense -- we brought in some hard year notes, so we expensed the warrants. We have a smaller tranche of that in the fourth quarter. We think that administrative expense the remainder of the year will be down this year, probably slightly less than what the effect of those 2 are. And then probably next year, taking a look at it, we'll start growing that again, probably a little bit slower than sales.
Sean Hennessy: Interest expense. If you take a look at our interest expense for the quarter, Jeff. I'm going to pull that out real quickly. The interest expense in 2010 for the quarter was $26,340,000. This year, it was $11,747,000.
Sean Hennessy: Probably the -- no, no, the $15 million was in 2010. So that $26 million would've gone down to about $11.5 million last year. And we're in $11.7 million in interest expense this year. So the change is very small, but the expense would not have gone down to 0.
Sean Hennessy: No, no, no. That is the amount of interest that we paid in the third -- for the 3 months ending June 30, 2011. The charge we took to bring back that -- to pay down that 100-year note occurred last year.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. When we talked about this and we look at the second quarter, our dollars were up, as you said, somewhat due to the raw materials. They're relatively flat. We actually built most of this inventory on a comparison basis in the first quarter. This past quarter, we maintained it relatively flat, but it's still higher than we were last year. And we usually start seeing it start to come down in the second quarter, but that's not what happened in the second quarter here.
Sean Hennessy: No, we don't have any kind of a metric that I can give you. I think that it's all in our forecast, but we specifically haven't done like a PPV on pre-buying.
Sean Hennessy: We think it's slightly higher than that. Still in the low 30s, but just some timing of some of discrete items brought it down to that 29%, but the second half would be slightly higher.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, there is -- TiO2 is tight for sure. And I think it's the year-over-year working capital impact of having that material versus the shortage we had last year that was impacting it more than any concerns we have about inability to get raws.
Sean Hennessy: And as well as, Eric, we do have a little more price in the second half of the year than we had in the second quarter.
Sean Hennessy: I think there were some expenses, I'll just say, but I would not say that's the reason why, at that level, that $90 million level. We did have some acquisition integration on the IT cost, some IT cost and so forth, but I won't hang my hat on that. I would say it was more really due to the gross margin in some of these that it happened. I think in the second half through the year, they will be accretive. But now that we have Leighs, I think that the Leighs will probably offset where we're at. So we're going to start to see accretion. And at those -- $90 million quarters for those 2. But Leighs will be a little -- will be dilutive, although slightly higher than what they are right now in our forecast. So that's what's going on with acquisition.
Sean Hennessy: Yes. We definitely will. And in the queue, we will have it. So right here, I will tell you that Global Finishes Group and Consumer were down 1.7, 170 basis points for the quarter. And I know that Stores Group was 1.4, 140 basis points. That takes stores, on a year-to-date basis, to 60 basis points decline. And if we give me 10 seconds here, I'll give you that number for Consumer and Global. And Consumer will be down 70 basis points year-to-date. And the Global Group will be down 220 basis points.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, the mix in our stores remains very much skewed toward professional painting contractors. Given the strength of the DIY recently, we may have come off of the 8515 to maybe closer to an 8020 range, but it's not dramatically different. And the gross margin percentages, our DIY business, as we become a little more promotional, are not substantially different than the kinds of margins we make on the residential repaint contractors, et cetera. So those kinds of mix changes are not impacting the margins near to the extent that the raw material prices are.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, we do enjoy quite a bit of business with various government facilities, both federal, state and local across the country. And as a percent of our sales, it's not significant. I don't know that number off the top of my head, but it would be single digits at best. In terms of the bounce on the backside of natural disasters, that has typically been the case. These particular tornadoes that were on the ground in the Southeastern part of the United States during April and May were really quite strong, wide and lengthy periods of time. It did more damage than a typical tornado would. And so we would expect, we see nice rebuilding activity in those communities. Paint is the late cycle on that kind of construction, so perhaps later this year or certainly early next year, we'd expect to see some work from that.
Sean Hennessy: Yes, I'll think we'll go with the industry. We're not going to start giving -- we just don't give monthly buy-ins, or really at all. We're pretty sure for the industry with gallon volumes in the first quarter being down low to mid single-digits against a really weak first quarter '10. The industry is going against a pretty strong second quarter '10. It's very likely that gallon volume for the industry in architectural was down mid-single digits or more.
Robert Wells: Yes, when we take a look at it -- again in April, one of those did fall off. June, we did put another price increase out there. So a little bit of a timing and differential. But over the long-term, we still believe we're going to get between 70 and 75 of these. Last December, we're 2 quarters into that, and when we look at that, we usually after about 2 quarters, we're in that 55% range, and we are right there. And eventually we're going to get all 75% of these.
Robert Wells: And Jeff, when you take a look at last year, this was in Chris opening comments in his remarks, this was the quarter we expected, if we were going to go against any quarter that was going to be difficult. We had that new housing credit, and that cost a lot of activity over a 2-, 3-month period. And we're going up against that.
Robert Wells: No. And I think when we take a look at it, our compensation this year is up modestly. We do have the Global Finishes Group and some other segments that are doing very well with the company. So we're still accruing at the same levels, Saul.
Robert Wells: I think when you take a look at it, Saul, for the first 6 months we were at -- the environmental was $4,650,000, last year was $4,722,000, so relatively flat. We think that environmental for the year is going to be flat or just up slightly. I would tell you, it's timing. We've done a pretty good job of selling a couple of different older facilities, and we just had some environmental accrued for some of that, then we ended up reversing that accrual in that quarter. But for the full year, you can see us right on with last year, and we're going to be flat to up slightly.
Robert Wells: Yes. I think when you take a look at it, Saul, when we look at the company in total, and you look at some of the effects of the acquisitions and the rapid rise of raw materials, we've constantly talked about a range of 44% to 47%. I think that when you look at where we are in the short-term, we still think long-term we're going to get that 44% to 47%. We think that with the effects of the acquisitions and with the rising raws, in the short term, we might be in a 43% to 46%. And so I think that this year, if I was putting a forecast out there, which we're not, but I would you're probably looking more at the lower end of the 43% to 46%.
Robert Wells: Yes, when we take a look at that, it wasn't 100% Wal-Mart. When we take a look at the business, outside of Wal-Mart, the Wal-Mart is performing just like we thought it was going to be. But in the first quarter, I think we talked about -- I know we talked about the timing of shipments of some larger retailers and they were positive for us. So when we look at the total year-to-date, our consumer is just about flat, x Wal-Mart. And I think when we look at the total year, except for Wal-Mart, we think it's going to be right around that range.
Robert Wells: And back to the -- back on the promotional activity, Brian, I would be remiss if I didn't tell you, we're having our biggest sale of the year this weekend, so stop on by.
Robert Wells: Steven, this is Bob. Commercial new construction is down this year. In square footage terms, it's down high single digits year-to-date through June. On the repaint side, we've seen a little recent strength in property management, but year-to-date, gallon volume in the market in property management is slightly negative.
Robert Wells: When we breakdown the market, we talk about commercial or non-residential business being about 30% of the repaint market and closer to 40% of the new construction market. And as a reminder today, new construction in total represents in the low teens percentage of total gallon consumption. So if new construction is 14%, commercial would be about 40% of that. And that would leave high 80s, 85%, 86% for repaint, and non-residential will be 30% of that. We would be skewed just a little more than the market toward non-residential.
Robert Wells: We'd like to thank you all once again for your participation on the call this morning. As always, I will be available over the balance of the day and week to take your follow-up questions. We appreciate you joining us. And thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
