Allen J. Mistysyn: No, Jeff. I think, the SG&A expense being down year-over-year is a function of tight management and control of SG&A across all the segments trying to offset the inflationary raw material environment. Also you see the impact of synergies hitting that number, and I would expect the fourth quarter to be down year-over-year as well.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah, there's a couple of things. First, as we've talked about as raw material costs had accelerated in the quarter both in the third and in the second, we're chasing it with price. And we'll be out with price again in the coming quarters and in fourth quarter, first quarter to offset those. We also have the impact of the Lowe's program as a reminder that is depressing our margin year-over-year. And if you adjust for the $20 million that we called out in the service costs, the 16.9% operating margin is compared to 17.3%. I think, if you back – if you neutralized the impact of Lowe's program, we'd probably be flat to up slightly.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah, Chris. This is Al. I think, we've been very successful in getting the price through in our Performance Coatings segment. And you saw that in our second quarter operating margin which was flat over year. What the challenge was in our third quarter was we saw an acceleration of the raw materials and it impacted Performance Coatings more. So we're out with more pricing to recover those margins and we're confident we can get it. It's just timing and our ability to chase it. As far as mix of the business I think John in his comments highlighted auto refinish in particular Latin America the Industrial Wood Coatings business in China related to the tariffs and coil business. I don't think we're overly concerned with the overall mix. I think, it's just the shorter-term headwinds are going to persist probably through the next quarter or two.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yes, it just called out the operating impacts – operating cost impacts. The $0.40 impact that we talked about earlier this year is really unchanged. That'll continue to rollout similar to the schedule we set with the second quarter, and then the rest in our third and fourth. Let me just explain the hit that we took just so we're all clear. I mean we took incremental people service, freight to respond to the customer load-in timing. That pulled forward to our expectations during what is a traditionally really peak demand period. We need to be responsive as we tend to changing customer needs and schedules. We would have – we probably would not have incurred these costs as much had the timing been later in the year. And just to be clear it's not exclusive to Lowe's. I mean, we have one supply chain, so we incur these costs throughout the supply chain that really fits the needs of all our customers. If you look at the fourth quarter, we have a little bit of a hit in there related to continuing to optimize our supply chain and as we get that supply chain optimized, you'll see our operating costs come back to normal – more normal operating levels.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yes. I think, we have pricing going in as we speak. And yes we expect, assuming that like you said, the basket doesn't move again, we'd able to offset the raw material costs.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah, P.J. Clearly, there are incremental freight costs in the market and we see that. But to your point we see it on a less of an effect because majority of our volume is on our own trucks. That being said through the quarter we're running at capacity. And when you throw incremental volume into that mix we end up running almost above capacity and that's both on the manufacturing side and the distribution side. And my comment about the freight was more related to the supply chain optimization where maybe we had to make a product on the East Coast and ship it to the Midwest or we had to make a product on the West Coast and ship it back because of those dynamics. We basically are pulling out all the stops to make sure our customers are served which means we drove our inventory down a little bit also in the third quarter more than what you would see. But we're going to build inventory back more so than we have in the past in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah, P.J., I won't quantify it, but on a relative basis the raw material increase is the predominant part of our increase in costs.
Allen J. Mistysyn: I would say it's very similar because one of the things that I'll remind you is we had a very strong fourth quarter last year. Our comp store sales were up over 8%. And with the impact of really two price increases in October and November, our total sales were up for Paint Stores over 9.6%. So, yeah, we expect it to be in the mid-single-digit range all year for Paint Stores.
Allen J. Mistysyn: You know, let me – the tax rate just is part of a program. You know, and I talked about this in the second quarter. And we're going to continue to look for opportunities to reduce our tax rate. The reason you take the high range – high end of the range down is the $0.16 plus we had – we would have missed our sales number in the third quarter as well that we don't believe we'll be able to make up in the fourth quarter.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Don, price mix was about 2.5% in the quarter comparable to second quarter. And the second part of your question was on the price increase, Don, so far – and I know it's been short time here, but we're seeing the price effectiveness similar to what we've seen previously. And we would expect that roll-in to be similar to the past about 75% over that 9-month period.
Allen J. Mistysyn: No. We didn't quantify it Matt. But we're on track to hit the $140 million to $160 million through the P&L that we talked about earlier. If you look at that over a two year period, we had seen the $60 million last year and we're on track for the $150 million midpoint this year. So we're at $210 million, and we still believe we'll come out of this year with a run rate of $320 million. And we're on pace to hit our longer-term targets of $400 million to $415 million. So we have upside there and room to run.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah, John. I think what you'll see is we will have additional acquisition and integration costs through next year. We'll give you an update as we have this year on our year-end call. I wouldn't imagine much after 2019 that we'd be calling it out because I would expect them to decrease significantly.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah. Justin, we don't typically talk about margin by product segment and we don't want to start doing that today.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Justin, we've talked about – yeah, volume drives leverage through our organization. And without that volume it would be more difficult to get to the midpoint. But I don't think we're ready to give up on that yet. We have a lot of opportunities, as John talked about on TAG. We have great opportunities within consumers and those customers and Performance Coatings like we just talked about. So we have a lot of opportunities for market share growth as well in the different segments and geographies we play in.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah. I think that's reasonable. I think what the variability you get is based on share-based payments, the timing of those that reduce our effective tax rate. I think we'll have discrete items. I think we'll have consistent opportunities to consolidate foreign legal entities, especially with the larger number that we have with Valspar. And I think, like I said, it's a program I think we'll be able to sustain that low 20%.
Allen J. Mistysyn: You know, we typically don't call that out because of the mix – we have seven different businesses in there and we try to figure out the mix volume. What I would say related to that is our FX was a bigger headwind in the quarter and our pricing was a little bit short of where you would see TAG at.
Allen J. Mistysyn: I think, I would say in 2019, we're going to get back to our historical capital allocation. We do not need to be at 2.5:1, I would say, especially with how we view the stock as being undervalued. We have talked about opportunistically buying our stock and we will do that.
Allen J. Mistysyn: I think if I have a view of getting under 3 times over the next year, I don't have a problem with that.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Chuck, they can – as we've talked about, the Consumer Brands has – they will continue to chase price. They saw an incremental increase in third quarter. And the other part of that is our global supply chain, as you called out, the impact that had in our third quarter. I think as we roll out into 2019 as the pricing impacts take effect, we optimize the supply chain, I feel very good about our opportunities in 2019 to grow that operating margin.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Mike, I think, based on where we called out the tax rate and where the EPS is, I think – and where the acquisition-related and purchase accounting is, I think, you can kind of get a range based on the 19.05% to 19.20%.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah. I guess, I would look at the adjusted margin after – if you exclude the purchase accounting we'd be at 12.9%. No, we're not happy with that.
Allen J. Mistysyn: And I think what we've talked about we have a lot of confidence of driving that operating margin to where we talked about high teens to low 20s. But it's going to come with the additional pricing that comes in, revenue synergies. And we still have additional opportunities for integration synergies.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Here's how I'd frame that. We – on our call at the end of the year we said we'd offset dilution with share buybacks. We have a better working capital performance. Our CapEx is a little bit lower than where we thought. And so the $1.4 billion net operating cash that were generated through nine months is ahead of where we expect it to be. So, year-to-date we returned $600 million to the shareholders in dividends and buybacks. While being able to pay down the $850 million. We're going to pay off the remaining $150 million to get to $1 billion of debt repayments that we committed to. Any free cash after that is going to go to debt buybacks excluding any M&A.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah, Rosemarie, we took the one-third of the $409 million judgment. So, we only took our share. We took our share, full share.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah. I think like I commented before I think coming out of 2018, we'll be at that run rate synergy of $320 million. And we have more to go to get to the $400 million to $415 million. I would say, we're still studying opportunities across all of our segments and all of our regions. And yeah, I would expect to find more opportunities in those.
John G. Morikis: Yeah, Steve. I'd say the most significant factors were DIY sales which slowed from a mid-single-digit to a low single-digit; and our protective and marine business which slowed from a low double-digit pace in the second quarter to a high single-digit pace in the third quarter. From a product perspective you mentioned our exterior results. Growth rates for our exterior paint and stain were both down significantly on a sequential basis. So we clearly felt the impact of some of the weather and storms.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. I'd say first and foremost we're going to support our customer. And so our customers' decision on placement of our brands and positioning is very important. To your point it's been much simplified and we don't believe having an HGTV by Sherwin and a Valspar in the store is confusing. We're going to have different qualities at different price points that are easy and simple for sales associates and customers to understand.
John G. Morikis: And the last thing I would add on to it, you mentioned right at the end of your question, Stephen, about the professional or the pro side. We do feel as though there's a terrific opportunity there particularly with the Valspar brand to attract the handyman and help our customer grow there as well.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. I think that's a great point Chris. To Al's comments, we're having good success in implementing the pricing and we expect that to continue. The problem has been that the baskets move as we've gotten closer to bending that curve. Teams are committed to doing it. We're committed to doing it. And in fact we've got more pricing already scheduled to roll in. So if the basket continues to move we'll continue to take the appropriate actions.
John G. Morikis: Chris, how about if I ask Bob to take a look at it from a market perspective, and then I'll break it down into the various segments that we participate in.
John G. Morikis: And Chris, so when you look at that and how it impacts our business, first, we have terrific confidence given our industry leading positions and really all the contractor segments throughout our company store platforms. So we talk a lot about our residential repaint business. We now have five consecutive years of compounded double-digit growth. If you think about that momentum we've just got great confidence that that continues. In the new residential side, we've actually increased our exclusive agreements and now have an exclusive relationship with 17 of the top 20 national builders having added one more last quarter. So we've got good momentum there. From a property management standpoint, we have an exclusive relationship with 17 of the top 20 management firms. And when you look at the commercial side, we have a leadership position there by a wide margin. And we're growing there as we further penetrate our color and our product specifications. And I bring all that up because when you back out our DIY and protective and marine business and when you ask about what's happening in the market if you just look at our contractor business in the third quarter, we grew our sales by around 7% or an incremental $150 million in the third quarter alone. So we're on track this year to grow our contractor business $0.5 billion this year. If you combine that to last year, we've grown our contractor business $1 billion in the last two years. So it gives us a lot of confidence. And wherever the market is going to move we're going to be there.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. So I'd say that when you look at the DIYer in the Sherwin stores, I'd say it is a customer who's looking for a specialty store experience. I'd say perhaps what's most important to understand is that if there is a shift in the economy and homeowners become a bit more thrifty, if you will, there will be some customers who aspire to have that experience in a Sherwin store or more specialty store experience and we'll be there to serve them. If it's a shift towards more of the home center customer, we have robust programs there in Lowe's and Minard's and we're excited to take advantage of those opportunities. And if it's a shift to a hardware store shopper, we have terrific relationships with the likes of Ace. So again it comes back to this unparalleled market coverage that gives us this confidence. Wherever the growth is going to be, we're going to be there. If it's a residential repaint or do-it-yourselfer, if it's a new residential or property management we're playing every point of the game here.
John G. Morikis: No, I don't think we're underperforming the market at all, Ghansham. I'd say when you're growing $1 billion over a two-year period, I mentioned the double-digit growth for five consecutive years in our residential repaint and I'd also point out that we're really proud of the investments that we're making in our stores. We believe we're the only ones with net store increases in the market. So, we're making we believe really good investments in new stores and territories. Over the last three years, we've been averaging 175 reps per year, been introducing new products at the rate of between 20 and 25 new products per year and we're enjoying the benefits of that. And we're continuing to work hard to make our customers more successful. So, I've got great confidence in the momentum we have and more determination to only accelerate it.
John G. Morikis: Yeah, Robert. We're on track to open between 90 and 100 new stores in the U.S. and Canada. Store openings in the U.S. and Canada year-to-date are actually up over last year's, 54 versus 50 last year. The difference is we've closed 11 stores in Latin America through the first nine months of 2018. So we net out at 43 right now. But we're still on pace, a lot of momentum, a lot of confidence and a lot of excitement behind our initiatives there to continue to invest in stores.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. Truthfully, Bob, if they don't recognize those I don't know that I want to share ours. We see them. We're excited about them, but I'm fine with our taking different paths.
John G. Morikis: So the point Al made earlier about the optimization of the supply chain, the ability then to manufacture those products closer to the customer. As we further integrate in the facilities, we'll offset those. So we don't expect those to continue on.
John G. Morikis: In October last year Vincent stores was up 11% last year, and we're on top of that this year. So, we're feeling good about the momentum that we have there as well.
John G. Morikis: Well Don, the – as we mentioned the impact in third quarter, the inflation ran higher than we expected coming into the quarter. We put industry average cost for our basket in the third quarter up 7%-plus. So that represents about a 100 basis point to 150 basis point sequential increase from second quarter. Most of the inflation was driven to your point by rising crude oil and propylene and the continued tight monomer market. So it's not just inputs, it's supply as well. And that disproportionately affected our Performance Coatings business. Titanium dioxide pricing was relatively stable during the quarter. We – that alone would put us at or maybe above the top end of our previous range. We initially talked about 4% to 6%, then we kind of zeroed in on the topend of that range at 6%. It's possible we could finish the year above 6%, in the 6-point-something range. But clearly second quarter and third quarter have both been unfavorable surprises to us.
John G. Morikis: Yeah, good question, because – and we've been pondering the same question internally. What it appears to us now is that the offset to slower existing home turnover in the remodel market has been stay-in-place remodeling by – primarily by baby boomers. And baby boomers are significantly outspending all other generations of homeowners – outspending millennials by a rate of about 32%. And so, this was – this is a driver that we didn't anticipate at this stage in the cycle. We thought we'd be seeing higher existing home turnover and that that would be driving remodeling. But the decision to age in place, at least at this point in time by baby boomers and remodel the family home, rather than sell it is what appears to be driving the market. The good news there is that the millennials who are now coming into homeownership are also showing a real appetite for home improvement. On a per-household basis, they're doing like 42% more projects than the baby boomers. So at this point in time baby boomers are outspending everybody else, but as the millennial homeownership grows that's going to be kind of the second leg to this remodeling market.
John G. Morikis: We have not. We've been working with our customers. We've taken some of that margin compression as part of our strategy to work through the pricing and retain the customers and we've not lost customers.
John G. Morikis: I'd say it's manageable. It might be slightly up over previous year, but nothing meaningful. I mean, we're working with our employees and we're really working hard to create the right environment where people want to stay. So we're addressing where we need to, but I don't think it's anything that you need to be concerned with.
John G. Morikis: Yeah, Scott. I wouldn't have that information off the top of my head on that particular product. But maybe what I can go is this that our focus on our contractors is really to make them more productive and more profitable. And when you think about the average project costing anywhere from 85% to 90% labor of that total cost, the total cost of raw – of product is a relatively small percentage. And what we focus on is making them more productive and more profitable. So the cost per gallon, if it allows them overall to be more efficient and profitable on the project is less and less of an issue.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. Scott, if there's a shift, it's a shift up in quality. So you got to remember many of these customers are hiring tradesmen who are maybe less experienced and perhaps slightly less skilled. And so the quality of the product helps them get off the project quicker and more efficiently. So, we are seeing a shift, but it's actually up not down.
John G. Morikis: Yeah, I'd say it's a mixed bag, John. I mean, you find – much of that has to do with geographic, with the segments that they're in. Some are experiencing raw material pressure and that's having an impact. So, I mean, it's a mixed bag.
John G. Morikis: Well, from an architectural Huarun standpoint, let's say well, we don't break those out. But I would say all three of our businesses, if you look at Europe, Asia and Australia are up year-over-year, year-to-date. So I'd say there's an architectural component. There's also a wood component piece. And as we've talked the industrial wood business in China has had some headwinds. The – we have furniture customers who are feeling the impact or appear to be feeling the impact of the tariffs shipping product back here into the U.S. And some of those customers are actually looking at shifting manufacturing out of China into the region. So the two components of Huarun on the architectural side year-to-date up and the Huarun industrial wood experiencing some pressure as our wood customers are facing tariffs.
John G. Morikis: No. I'd say that at least in our model and the way that we work with our customers, Duffy, we're unlikely to lose one side of our customers' business. If we experience something like that it's typically weather-related. So if our customers are coming in our stores every day, buying product and they see a shift in their end markets, we're very focused on keeping those customers. We're likely to feel that with them.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. Justin, just from a market standpoint, I would tell you that exterior is about one-third of the industry in volume. Interior is about two-thirds. Obviously that mix changes when you get into the second and third quarter, the warm weather months. The mix is heavier toward exterior. Our business would skew more toward exterior than the industry from a margin standpoint.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. I'd say, to compare those it's shorter term. We are working with our customers through that. And to your point about the sales synergy side, we're very excited. That's really starting to ramp up, and that's going to play long-term and be very beneficial to our company and to our shareholders. So, we'll work through this short-term side and we're really, really excited about what we're learning on the sales synergy side.
John G. Morikis: Yeah, and I'd say that's what's so unique about our model, Justin. As you reflect back on my earlier comments about, if it's residential repaint or new residential or property management, we have the unique ability to be responsive to the market and be where the business is. Same with the industrial side. So we've got a lot of confidence in our ability to drive it and a lot of determination to do that.
John G. Morikis: Yeah, I'd say it's fair, but I'd also say we've got pricing that's continuing to roll in as well. So the pricing that's rolling in this week was negotiated perhaps months ago. So we've got a steady stream of increases that are coming as well.
John G. Morikis: We don't talk about insurance coverage, Chuck. It's just – there's no margin in it for us to discuss insurance coverage publicly.
John G. Morikis: They've been consistent spending-wise and I would say that we've not necessarily seen the correlation that you might jump to with the decline or softness if you will. It wasn't a decline but a softer DIY side.
John G. Morikis: We wouldn't want to speculate on that. Whatever happens in the market happens and we'll deal with it accordingly.
Robert J. Wells: I'd add to that, Steve, that the brand perceptions are different. The HGTV HOME appeals to the design audience whereas Valspar has really been a work horse brand covering a pretty broad cross-section of the DIY market.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah. We – as far as the market is concerned we look at the same data you do. Construction activity has been slow over the last few quarters. We expect that will likely continue into 2019 while remodeling has really driven growth in the industry. There's a lot of speculation now that overall remodeling spend is going to moderate in 2019. And to put it in perspective, I mean, the moderation we're talking about is from a mid-7% growth rate to a mid-6%. So still solid growth. We are not seeing moderation in our residential repaint results. So it has – certainly hasn't translated to our volumes yet. Keep in mind also, that paint is a unique category. I know you know that. But it's a unique category amongst building materials because more than 80% of the industry is repaint. And the current strength in residential repaint appears to be driven by both baby boomers who are electing the age in place and millennials who are showing a strong appetite for home improvement. The last two points I'd add is, first, the deceleration in exterior residential repaint activity in 3Q, we think likely translates to pent-up demand going forward. We'll either see that come out in the fourth quarter or 2019. And also the effect of Hurricanes Florence and Michael on paint demand is still unknown. While they didn't do as much damage as the two storms the year before, there's likely still going to be a significant rebuild and recovery effort.
Robert J. Wells: That last point I'd add Nishu is that I think you'd find historically our DIY business in our stores has been a little volatile. We'll have strong growth quarters followed by a weak quarter. And that's kind of how we read this quarter is. It's just normal volatility.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah, Arun, I would say that we typically see labor constraints particularly in the repaint market in the third quarter. It is our customers' busiest quarter. If you look at where the storms affected business, those are predominantly warmer weather markets where they can paint – do exterior business later in the year. So, whether or not that business is caught up this year is hard to determine. But if it's not, it's not likely due to labor constraints because fourth quarter does not tend to be as constrained from a contractor capacity standpoint.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah. Based on our analysis of gallon growth by segment, it is hard to imagine that the U.S. market is growing faster than say 2.5%, 3% at the outside this year, but is more likely in the 2% to 2.5% range. We do believe that we can continue to grow volume at that pace or stronger in the contractor market. As John indicated, in the third quarter our contractor business was up 7%. That has a little bit of price in it but it's much stronger than the 2.5% volume. In terms of where the market peaks out, we realize that – we tend to talk about this theoretically, but from a theoretical standpoint if you consider how much the repaint markets have grown over the last couple cycles, we could see an industry gallon number north of 900 million, and would expect to see industry volume above 900 million assuming no significant economic disruption.
Robert J. Wells: And part of the magic there is that the full-time employee, the manager and assistant manager in our stores are on incentive comp. So they improve their wages by improving their volumes.
Robert J. Wells: And to add to that. I don't mean to be coy, but if you look at the geographic mix in our stores business and where we've seen the strongest growth over the last five years, there's definitely been a shift to the southeast and southwest. Hurricanes don't hit North Dakota. So when you have hurricane effects, it is going to have a larger effect on our business because our business is more heavily skewed toward the south.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah. We have talked about there being a six to nine month lag. And as we roll these in, it's sometimes hard to see them, but they are rolling in and they will continue.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah, Dmitry. Let me preface these remarks by saying we can't predict what any jurisdiction is going to do. We can't predict lawsuits that are going to be filed. I will tell you, we've successfully defended public nuisance in seven states. And in our mind those states have fully litigated that issue. So whether or not they can figure out a way to bring it back, I don't know, but whether or not they want to is the big question. As a reminder, this California case while it's not turning out in our favor, it's an 18-year-old case. And so any jurisdiction that is considering a lawsuit has to know that they are signing up for a long-term legal battle. And the question is does the outcome in California make us any more willing to make these cases go away faster? The answer is no. We are going to grind it out and we want – just want any potential litigant to know that's where they're in for.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah, thank you, Jessie. Let me close by thanking you all for participating in our third quarter call this morning. As usual Jim, Jay and I will be available today, tomorrow and throughout next week to answering any remaining questions you might have. So thanks again for joining us and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
