Sean P. Hennessy: I would not say it, Jeff. And I would tell you that, I'd like to paraphrase it this way, and hopefully, it'll explain it. When raw materials are rising, your LIFO expense is catching up. It's always -- is, it's like trying to catch up, and when you start to hit the peak, our LIFO index will still be greater than 1 this year, but that's why we continually talk about the year-to-date, because of all the different things that are going through that cost of goods sold and what you're seeing is last year, the raws were rising dramatically in the third and fourth quarter of last year, so our LIFO is catching up, and that's why we continue to do some of those things. So when I look at it, I think, as Chris said, the 43.9% versus the 42.7%, when you start doing those analysis instead of -- when we start looking at cap variances and LIFO and all the other things that are going on that are affected by those different things, but I think that our year-to-date is probably a better indication. I think the fourth quarter, our gross margin will be higher than last year. I think our gross margin for the year will be at or slightly higher than we are year-to-date. So I think you're going to see, progressively, our gross margin continues to get stronger, and I think that's when you're going to -- I think you're going to see that more in the future, but I think that you can't look at the gross margin in third quarter versus last year, that percentage and say, okay, that's what we're going to see in the future. Last year gross margin in the fourth quarter is 42.8%. That's why I really -- it's, I got a lot of confidence we're going to repeat last year's but, that's why I think year-to-date, we're actually going to see a 43.9% or slightly above that.
Sean P. Hennessy: And Brian, with respect to our expectations for TiO2 pricing from here, I'm sure it didn't go unnoticed that earlier this week, one of the major TiO2 producers reported earnings and reported volumes in the third quarter down 18%. I suspect that probably the other global chloride producers experienced similar volume declines in the quarter, and that would tend to put pricing pressure on TiO2, downward pricing pressure on TiO2. To your point, we think that, that spot market pricing in TiO2 is probably down in the 10% range, year to date, and perhaps with quite a bit further to go.
Sean P. Hennessy: We'll turn titanium back, set between 30 and 34 times a year, so you're talking a 1.5 weeks’ worth of supply. That's 10 days. We sit there and say, moving at the 5 days, what is the net effect? It's not that great.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. I think you're 100% right. It is geographic as -- our Stores group, Consumer group has done very, very well. I think that, we still think that we're going to be able to maintain the tax rate in the low 30s. But, I would say, we're going to be slightly below or slightly above next year where we finish the year this year.
Sean P. Hennessy: Sure, okay. The couple of things on the consumer group, I think just by on putting gallons through those plans, I think that you gain efficiencies. We have many projects that are ongoing, whether they're raw material delivery or fill lines and so forth, and you're -- really a lot of singles and doubles there that continue to do very well for us. As we continue to get other plants underneath that management team, Geocel and so forth, you're going to see improvements there. But #1, is really just getting those gallons through and the efficiencies that those gallons will create. The second question, I think, hopefully I remember all 3. But your SG&A, you talk about the SG&A and I think that the SG&A, a lot of the SG&A growth we had was in the United States. And where -- as we continue to develop new stores, as we continue to put new stores in, putting people in the stores, hours in the stores, as well as we've continued to spend on the -- in the admin segment. As for IT projects that eventually, down the road, will create higher cash flow for us in nondomestic markets. So when the FX effect had so much effect on the sales in a couple of our segments, in the U.S., the SG&A will go up. And I think when you look at us, compared to sales, but I think if you look at it year-to-date, and notice the 30.7% in the quarter versus 30.6%, we're up 10 basis points. But year-to-date on SG&A, we're down 60 basis points, and I think when you start to look at it on a year-to-date basis, those targets that we usually hit are, we're a lot closer to that. So I think that all the operating margins by operating segment, our operating margins are fine, but things are going pretty well. On the -- on the Paint Stores group sales, incremental margin dollars were $93.7 million. Consumer group was $20.7 million. Global Finishing group was a positive $3.9 million and Latin American group was actually negative $5.7 million.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. And I think when you take a look at it, we've -- it's also where the sales growth has come in the stores group. I think they'll continue to invest, I think again, you've mentioned the comp. I think that the comp -- but I think we've set the company up, that we're going to have a couple of years of nice SG&A growth. I think, or I mean, not growth, but improvement as a percent of sales. We hit our highest 35.7%, last year around 33.1%. I think -- as -- or 33.8%. I think you're going to see some of that improvement over time.
Sean P. Hennessy: What we've commented is, that we used to just talk about a 33%, 33.5%, we think that, and then we start seeing the 10, 20 basis points improvement. With the change, we think that we're probably at 33%, and then you're going to start seeing that 10 or 20 basis points improvement. And that's an annual number. I know we're below that through the first 3 quarters.
Sean P. Hennessy: On the second one, Eric, when you asked about our outlook. One of the things that we've commented on the last few calls is that, the gallons may continue to be strong, but the selling price is going to -- it's not going to be as strong. Think about couple of -- and I'll tell you right now, when you look at the third quarter to fourth quarter, you heard Chris comment on the Stores group, half of that growth was volume, half of it was approximately price. We think that the price between third and fourth quarter of 2012, we're going to have half of what we realized in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter. So and we also think that the headwinds on the nondomestic will not be as strong, and I think that all comes back to that mid-single digits. So I think that it's not so much that we feel we're not that worried about our get a little worried about volume. I think it's we're seeing less and less price in that Paint Stores group.
Sean P. Hennessy: And we also need some help from non-stores and nonconsumer segments. I think when you look at the lower operating margins, I think that some of the things we've done to improve, especially in the Global Finishes Group, again, we feel pretty good about the ongoing integration, and we think that'll help us with our gross margin, as well as operating margin in the future, and that'll help us get back on the peak.
Sean P. Hennessy: We've been saying that we'd expect to continue to increase that and ramp up. We identify kind of that 50 store pace, or 1 store a week is kind of idle speed and as markets improve, that we would be ramping that back up. We haven't given guidance on that yet, but we have said that over a longer decade period, on a more normalized run rate, kind of 70 to 80 stores is the right average to be at. So we'll be north of the 60 to 65 number that we're going to do this year and next year, and we'll you some more clarity on that on the first quarter call.
Sean P. Hennessy: We will -- maybe you talk about the full basket, but for us, we never comment on ours, and usually we don't even comment on a quarter-to-quarter, but usually on a year-to-date. And I think what we've said is that, our raw material baskets, beginning in the year, we were looking at high single digit, low teens, and now we're saying that it's going to be in that low single digits. So you can probably tell that most of the increase was in the first half of the year.
Sean P. Hennessy: That, I will tell you, I’ll have to look up the Q. I'll grab it out of the Q, and then -- it's 27.4.
Sean P. Hennessy: No, I would say the majority of it is, as we mentioned before and actually in the admin segments and you look at the admin segments through 9 months is $54 million higher than last year. You take out some of the environmental hits and disposition of assets, you're down to about the high 40s, just about half of that is in compensation. And probably another 30%, 40% of that is IT projects and investments and so forth and especially on acquisitions that eventually, we think they create cash flows from our nondomestic operations.
Sean P. Hennessy: That's true. Some of the variable compensation and RSOs and other things and annual bonuses are held at the administrative segment. But I wanted to correct something. When we did say that our SG&A in the store was up $27 million, I don't want to give you the idea that our SG&A there didn't -- did go higher in terms of sales, but it didn't dramatically go down, but you sit then take look at it, the operating margin is up, and it's been helped by margin as well as SG&A. I think when we were talking about the SG&A in total, because of those dollars, and then the other sales numbers were negatively affected by FX, those numbers then become -- it's more dramatic, higher global sales, not just store sales.
Sean P. Hennessy: Don, one more kind of color point on the residential repaint market. Chris mentioned in his opening comments that DIY was one of the market segments that was probably softer than most. Don't read that as a decline in demand in -- for residential repaint, because residential repaint contractor volume is actually pretty strong. What we may be saying is kind of this discretionary shift back towards the contractor and away from DIY.
Sean P. Hennessy: We have. It typically declines on a 90 to 120 day lag. So we're just starting to feel the impact of the decline in propylene. And as you know, the decline in propylene has been kind of a long, slow decline, as opposed to a sharp drop.
Sean P. Hennessy: And Dmitry, if I go back to that answer for the acquisitions, you're right. The acquisitions on a 9 month is 2.4%, and it was 0 for the third quarter. That's because we've annualized it.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. We no longer put the quarter in there because we've annualized it. I understand what the confusion there was, but no, it wasn't flat or down.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, it will. And multifamily's an important segment for us, and unlike the owner occupied residential, which can be a DIY project or a painting contractor project, typically in multifamily, you're seeing a paying contractor being employed to do that, so as that segment strengthens, that's good for our industry.
Christopher M. Connor: Ghasham, this has been the historic pattern at Sherwin, despite -- lots of attempts to the contrary. We like to lay these stores in on a little bit more of an orderly path, but for a variety of reasons, many of them outside of our control, for example, real estate developers, communities getting permits passed, et cetera. This always tends to be a heavy fourth quarter waiting. So all the work that we've been doing on these single store, real estate negotiations, getting ready to open these stores, they all just tend to kind of unwind here in the fourth quarter. So we'll hit that number through individual stores.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, we've been pretty clear about our interest in Europe. We do not have an architectural paint -- desire to be there for a variety of reasons. We, we're in the country, to participate in the Global Industrial Coatings businesses, primarily industrial wood coatings. And at this point in time, there's not been any indication that we'd be strengthening our position over there. I'm happy to have business that we have, and working hard to get them integrated and improve their operating margins.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. So your first part of your question, P.J., is absolutely correct. The stores had a solid quarter again, almost 10% sales gain, and we commented that approximately half of it was from volume. So again, outperforming, we think, the market conditions. And our consumer group had a soft quarter in sales and there were some pricing there as well, so volumes were even a little softer than that. So there is that dichotomy happening. We've been commenting about the rebounding residential markets in the United States. We're seeing really good numbers coming out now on new construction, and then the result of that, I think the contractor is strengthening, as a larger portion of the U.S. architectural purchasing.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. So from a store hour perspective, P.J., let's say we're always kind of looking at that and tweaking that and we've marginally increased our hours across some markets, a little bit later on weeknights, a little bit longer on Saturday and Sunday, but I don't think that's a significant impact to the company's overall performance. Our recent innovative product launch is in stores, primarily been focused around Emerald, which is this high-end, top-of-the-line zero VOC performance product, which is really doing quite well for the company. As a reminder, when we talk about new product sales, we're identifying those products that have been introduced and have 3 years of run life still, and as group, they account for less than 10% of our revenue. So while we're excited about this new product launch, and what it's doing in the market for our overall mix, it's not a dramatic mover for the company.
Christopher M. Connor: No. We look at our inventory of titanium dioxide, as a raw material. It's very comparable, what it has been for the last few quarters, including last year. We didn't dramatically change, and I don't see us changing that anytime soon. We turn our raw materials so quickly, especially on some of these raws, and as we go into the end of the season, the production plan in the fourth quarter will be normal as, and we're going to make less payments fourth quarter than we have in any other quarter. And then in the first quarter, we'll start to ramp back up. But no plans on changing that normalized view of what we're going to do with our raw materials.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. We don't really think about it, running raw inventory down based on cost, I mean we run an efficient, lean supply chain here. We're turning these raw materials multiple, multiple times a year. We store this stuff in slurry tanks and it really, we have the raw material we need to make the paint we're going to make in the next week or 2. So not a lot of room to run this stuff down.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Trey, I think we've heard a number of our competitors comment about the ability to eliminate 5%, 10%, perhaps of their annual chloride titanium demand based on replacement technologies, innovative chemistry, a whole host of practices. I think what we've commented is that we don't see that number being unreachable for us either. We just would be a later adopter. Professional painting contractors, demand for the consistency in our product means that some of these technologies will more likely wind their way into our next round of new products we launch as opposed to going into our core product line and replacing chloride with some of these other technologies. Outside the United States, I think we can do that a little bit easier. We don't use tint base and in-store tinting as much. In Latin America, for example, we do a lot more factory color blending. In that environment, you can switch from the chloride grade directly to the sulfide grade. So some of that activity's taking place as we speak. But I think this is going to be in the margin in terms of replacing it. Though the bigger impact here is that Bob has mentioned in the past has been this softening in the global demand and as a result of that, pricings will come down.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. It's rarely that we bring a product line out that doesn't have to serve all customer segments, and there's a huge component of this product that we expect the residential repaint contractor to find attractive, and in fact, that's exactly what's happening, Trey. We've seen really good demand across that line. The things that we use to kind of measure the strength of the new product introductions for the company. One would be, are we kind of hitting the targets of gallons that we've set forth at its launch, and we're well ahead of that pace, and secondarily, and perhaps even more important, you hear us talk often about the mix shift inside our company. And as we bring these products out on the very high-end of our product assortment, often times we'll see customers move up inside the other product lines, but had been defined as product is now one level below, and we're seeing nice volume gains in that product which is a product we call Duration as well. So it's having all the kind of impact we'd like to see as a result of this kind of product launch, and quite pleased with it at this point in time.
Christopher M. Connor: I would think the growth number, Kevin, is probably going to be around 2% to 3%, and I think we're commenting around 2% to 4% halfway through the year. It appears to be moderating a little bit. So on a basis of 615 million gallons for the industry last year, approximately 2% to 3% pop from there.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Kevin, I think we've stayed very disciplined around the strategic targets that we've shared with the Street repeatedly, namely architectural businesses in the Americas that can kind of strengthen our control distribution play or have really strong compelling brands throughout the Latin American markets, and then smaller bolt-on acquisitions to support our Industrials Coatings businesses, wherever they may be around the world. The fact that we've had a little bit of a softer period here on M&A has not -- anything to do with our interest or the number of doors we're knocking on and the folks we're courting. And when we find things that fit those models and return the kind of disciplined returns we expect, we'd be one to pull the trigger. We have commented that traditionally, a lot of these architectural businesses are owned by private families, and they tend to not want to sell into the down market, but as things start to improve, they've become a little bit more interested in valuing their assets, and so we would expect that maybe over the next couple of years, we'll start to see a little bit more activity there, but nothing to report on today.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. I think, Abhi, we've commented that in past cycles like this, typically the industry's done a nice job of hanging on to pricing. It's sticky on the way up -- I'm sorry, it's tough on the way up and rather sticky at the top. We did comment that we're still quite a ways below our all-time high in gross margins. So I think there's still work to do that here. We would expect to see in the industry, on large commercial projects heading into next year, if in fact these raws continue to roll over, that we will see some lower prices quoted on these significant volume opportunities. But again, that's somewhat consistent with past practices as well. So we'll see how this one plays out, but that would be our expectation.
Christopher M. Connor: I think when you take a look at our gross margin year-to-date, 120 basis points, and you look at the volumes that the stores group has created year-to-date, and consumers' year-to-date results, I think that both of those, well over 75%, I don't have an exact numbers, volume. I think that we do, we give a lot more leverage on volumes than we do price, and because a lot of times, the price is really motivated by higher raw materials. So to answer your questions, it's the majority of volume.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. So there's a lot to chew on there, Ivy. But let's start with, kind of the mass merchants' performance. We reported that our consumer group had a soft quarter. And when we look inside our own stores, at our own DIY business, it was one of the poor performing of the segments inside that store's business, so I think there may be some softening there a little bit. Hard to tell, if it's just a blip for the quarter or a longer trend. What impact the election, I mean, the uncertainties having in that area. I think it's a little early to make that call. Some of the more dependable segments that we can look at and think through and plan out on both residential, whether that's new residential or residential repaint, continue to be the real strength for the company. These are our segments that are performing high single-digits, low double-digits, in terms of year-over-year performance in the quarter, and then as we've commented briefly in the opening statement, relative to the commercial market still, it's lagging, and we would expect that to be that way, it tends to follow housing, so if housing comes back, we would expect new commercial construction to rebound and that would be a little bit of a tailwind for the company. We're encouraged by the housing start permit numbers that we saw out this week, and I mean, to Sean's point, we look at the next year, I think we're feeling pretty good that this residential market in the United States has still got a lot of runway.
Christopher M. Connor: Right. We -- when we break it down by ZIP code and so forth, it's the softness is -- public in, public, Ivy.
Christopher M. Connor: Matt, on the mix between paint and various sundries, I would say is, it's very consistent across the board of all the baskets and material we sell, that it was just a soft quarter. Then I think that's more indicative of the kind of foot traffic and a little slower out-the-door performance. As usual, this time of year, we do see some inventory focus from some of these partners where they're trying to squeeze inventory a little bit, and that happens frequently, and so I don't think that we can put it entirely at that. For the 9 months, numbers for all these categories there all positive, and they're all doing well, and so we'll just have to see what their -- this is a, falling off or just a little bit of a quarter blip here. In terms of pricing, we're always have those conversations with our partners, and they're -- pay close attention to the feed-stocks of these businesses and so I would expect that, that's something we'll be dealing with going forward.
Christopher M. Connor: I think, for the next period of time over the next couple of years, you're going to see that SG&A improve.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Eric, I think from a share perspective, there's a couple of things that we can look at. Industry gallon data, which used to be reported by the federal government, is not anymore, we're cobbling together these points from raw material suppliers and other industry sources. Our sense is that the market's grown, probably on a volume basis, around 2% to 3%, and so we're able to look at the kind of gallons we're putting through our footprint here and feel comfortable that, that's outperforming the market. When we look inside the performance in the individual segments, these professional painting contractor segments are outperforming, and just as we saw those get harder hit in the industry downturn, they're the ones that are rebounding a little quicker as we're going forward. So our expectation would be that we continue to see that kind of share shift towards the painter, and we continue to benefit from them.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. The path will be along the lines of the pricing, finishing off and as you know the last price increase we've announced through our Stores business was in February, so that one’s just about behind us. You're going to see the efficiency through the whole supply chain adding some lift to that, as volume continues to go through that fixed asset base in our Consumer group, and then obviously, as the raws tip over, and we can hang onto pricing per the earlier question. That'll help us get there. Whether that happens in the span of a year or 2 or 3, we're not making any comments on that.
Christopher M. Connor: I would tell you right now, we hit positive volumes in Latin America in the third quarter, and you're right, the fourth quarter is stronger for us than the fourth quarter (sic), just having more of that will help us improve our margin in the fourth quarter versus third quarter. And I think it's going to be volume in there, and also just -- we're continuing to work on selling prices in the Latin America group.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. I think when we look at a stock buybacks, we're always talking about an annualized number. So far this year, we've brought back 3.8 million shares, spent $433 million, that's about $100 million more than last year. Our -- we feel pretty good about where we are, I think that we probably bought it. We're watching a lot of different things right now. We're -- we like where our balance sheet is. Our balance sheet's in a pretty good spot if some of these assets would become available here in the fourth quarter or early first quarter, so we're watching that. And that's what we've always said. We don't see over time that our debt is going to go down. Our EBITDA's been strong. So we're still going to target that 1:1 when it comes to EBITDA. So over time, we'll spend that money either on acquisitions or stock buybacks. So we've looked at it. We still feel pretty good about where we are, buying 3.8 year-to-date, and that's what we do. We looked a lot at it, on an annual, not a quarter-by-quarter number.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think as Sean commented on one of the earlier answers, it really is about volumes, so the extent that, that volume number keeps going at that pace, that's the kind of leverage that we can get through the system.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. We talked about the incentive compensation, Chuck. We were riding this market down, we’re paying a lot of bonuses. And we've told you, we've got practically that entire Stores organization on variable comp plans. So they're having a good year.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Don, regarding the U.S. growth of architectural market. I think we've been looking at some of the -- our competitors releases here, and commenting about some softness in the U.S. architectural market. We don't really have a good data other than when it comes lagging to us a little bit. So I wouldn't read too much into our earlier estimates was 2% to 4%, now we're 2% to 3%. It could be very much in line with what we've been saying. As Sean commented on one of the earlier questions, the volume numbers through our store business has been fine, we've just been seeing the impact of price roll back a little bit. So we're not feeling very cautious here in our guidance. We're feeling that we're still seeing the strong U.S. residential, architectural market and we're feeling good about the position the company is in. And capitalize on that, increasing store counts next year over this year, so all those things are making us feel like we've got a long way to go here to capitalize on this rebounding residential market. In terms of gaining share within the channel against some of the other small, independent paint store chain operators and/or regional or national operators as you mentioned Akzo. Yes, I think we would feel comfortable that we're doing that as well. We know that just by store count, for one way to get at it, we've put these or plan to have these 60 to 65 stores in this year. That will be a significant multiple of the rest of the competitors combined, and in fact, on those independents, we've seen quite a number of those stores. We think perhaps as many as 1,000 of them have gone out over the last 3 to 4 years during this downturn. So clearly gaining share inside the paint store channel as well.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. That's exactly right. The consumer group is the North American supply chain provider for the company. So every gallon manufactured, distributed through the chain, supporting their consumer's external brands, as well as other stores go through that P&L, so you're getting the lift as volume goes through that control asset base, we transfer that on a fully loaded price to our stores. But as volume comes and efficiencies are enhanced, consumer can get the leverage on that operating margin, and that's how they get to the numbers you saw today.
Christopher M. Connor: Well the weight in the country would indicate that we have probably 60% to 65% of American citizens are in an owned-occupied thing, 35% to 40% would be in rental property. So to the extent that of contractors are doing a lot of work in the residential repaints for an owner-occupant, that still the larger segment for us, but we still have a sizable business in this multifamily. As that improves, as occupancy rates improve, as turnover improves, because that's when you get the painting opportunity, those will all be drivers for volume through our stores group.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. The biggest peak for business we have in Global Finish group is our OEM product finishes. This is where we're coating durable goods in a manufactured factory environment for sales and I think that's been probably the softer of the 3 segments. The Protective and Marine coatings, which is also embedded in here has probably been the stronger of the 3 segments and Automotive would be somewhere in the middle.
Christopher M. Connor: No. I think that there's a lot of different things out there right now. I don't think specifically that asset is causing us to keep our balance sheet flexible.
Christopher M. Connor: No. Their store model has been diminishing as an impactful competitor and our plans to continue opening stores are in line with our long-term strategy of building out density, strengthening some of the weaker markets, and that doesn't change regardless of their actions.
Christopher M. Connor: Well, I think we're historians here, Jeff, as you know, and we've been through a number of these titanium runs in the past. I think if some of the earlier questions about the industry moving aggressively to try to find replacement technologies and a lot of that work's just coming to fruition, as we see continuing softness in some of these global markets. As demand continues to remain weak here, history would indicate this commodity will continue to have some softness in pricing. Time will tell. We are just starting the early tipping over points. Now we see the spot market is retracted probably 10 percentage points plus or minus a little bit from the peak, and our expectation would be that in past cycles, that wasn't the end of the pull back, that it would continue from there.
Christopher M. Connor: I think it's all in demand. We talked about the price announcements that were put in by the industry, softening beginning as early as last year about this same time, where they had previously been getting 100% of their announced price increases for the better part of 8, 9, 10 quarters, and then the fourth quarter won about 50% effectiveness similar to first quarter, and we think the industry basically did not take the second quarter announcement at all. So it didn't just break recently, it's been softening now over the past 12 months, as demand has been falling off, and that's all that demand.
Robert J. Wells: And as far as the question of next year, we're, we always give guidance on our January phone call when we really don't have any indication on the gallonage forecast for 2013. We'll give you guidance in January when we report the full year numbers.
Robert J. Wells: We don't anticipate any tightening in those markets. Propylene has been trending down, along with TiO2. We're paying a lower price for propylene per pound today than we would at the beginning of the year. And that, to us, kind of signals ample supply in the market. So we don't see any problems with acrylic pricing or any of the petrochemical-based materials we buy being tighter going forward.
Robert J. Wells: Yes. I think when you take a look at the first quarter, I think you said it correctly. I think as -- we're not prepared to talk about next year, but we think that the first quarter, when you look at the sales increase and the gallons increase and the weather that we experienced, some of it had to deal with weather. And I think over the full year, I think that might be timing, but I do think that we still feel that, if the market, in the total year goes up, we're going to gain market share. And so, we think that's really our long-term thought. So we look at it. Besides that, I don't think -- I can't think of anything that was -- I think this has been one of the more normal years, expect for the first quarter.
Robert J. Wells: Thanks again, Jesse. Those of you who are still on the call have gone above and beyond the call of duty with an 1 hour and 10 minutes. As usual, we'll be around today and all day tomorrow, to take your follow-up calls. We'd like to thank you once again for joining us today, and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
