Al Mistysyn: Yes. Thanks, John. This is Allen Mistysyn. We know DIY demand is a question for -- on everybody's mind moving into next year. Let me try to put some color around it, and try to quantify the increase. If I look at the second in third quarters together, sales this year are just slightly below last year. The combined DIY increase for Consumer Brands and our Americas Group is up 23% and represents about a quarter of our total sales in those quarters. The remaining 75% of the businesses segments are down approximately 6% and are sequentially trending better in the third quarter versus the second quarter. John talked about TAG and our expectations for strong res repaint, new res sales, turn to growth, commercial, property maintenance and then P&M being less of a headwind when in 2021 versus 2020 due to the easier comps. In our Consumer Brands Group, investments and customer programs to drive volume are expected to drive incremental sales growth into next year, but unlikely able to offset a more normal return to DIY demand. And then Performance Coatings Group is seeing strong packaging demand, which is expected to continue in early part of next year, continued improvement in auto refinish, industrial wood, and coil, with general industrial gradually returning to sustainable growth in North America. And Ghansham, it's really the investments we've been making in our programs, our reps, our tools and services to provide solutions to these customers that give us great confidence in our ability to grow those other segments to help offset that DIY potential harder comp next year.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah. And, Ghansham, we're in the middle of our normal next year operating plan reviews with their divisions. And, as you know, we'll push back on our suppliers. We'll try to internalize and offset as much of the raw material and other increases as we can. And then, absent that, we'll have to look at a price increase.
Al Mistysyn: Steve, the only thing I would add to that is it's really by design in our Consumer Brands segment. The programs that they're putting in place, the training at store level, is really trying to drive to the higher-quality products because that – as we've talked about customer solutions, that helps them drive their top line and bottom line, and it also helps us drive our top line and bottom line.
Al Mistysyn: You could – price would have been a little bit below 2%. The rest is volume. The one thing I would point out, though, Steve, if you look at our North America stores at 3%, as you know, P&M has been a drag. If you backed out P&M, architectural would be up mid-single digits. So I put it in perspective to say if price is a little bit below 2% volume, would be more mid-single digits on architectural.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Arun, as you know, since we don't go down item by item on the P& L for our guidance, but let me try to give you some color around our fourth quarter in general. First off, we believe we have a pretty strong fourth quarter, with adjusted EPS about 10% increase over – at the midpoint over a really strong fourth quarter last year that was up over 20%, on top of a 12% increase in the fourth quarter of '18. That tells you our flow-through is in the mid-20% range at the midpoint, while investing back in our business. And let me start by saying what we talked about at the second quarter – in the second quarter. What we talked about, at FCP is that, these are the investments in products, services, customer programs that provide solutions to our customers, allow them to grow share and be more successful. These are investments in new store and reps. In our e-commerce platform, North American stores, I talked about the consumer brand, investments and expanded customer programs that will allow our customers to sell more of the right gallons through the department, which helps drive their profitability. And then also performance coatings investments in reps, services and programs that add value to our customers, allow them to be more productive. And you talk about what that means going forward. And we believe this cycle is very, very similar to 2008. We continue to invest and lean forward into our customer success and these are the right investments. And the 3, 5, and 10-year compounded average growth rate of our North America architectural sales were high single digits coming out of that period and we believe that was a multiple of our market demand over the same period. So we believe this similar environment. We expect these current investments across all our segments allow us to grow multiple of end market demand over the mid and long term. The only other comment I would make on gross margin, Arun is that, in the fourth quarter, we do expect to see a typical seasonal architectural slowdown in demand, which does impact our gross margin. Historically, our third quarter is a stronger gross margin performance than the fourth quarter. Part of why we had such a strong performance last year here we did see a sequential improvement in our gross margin last year from third quarter to fourth quarter. And as you know, we get to year end, it's a small quarter, we get into inventories, LIFO, a number of adjustments that kind of drove that improved margin in last year.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah. Let me just highlight the fact we did have bigger amount of cash on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter than normal. I would not read anything into this. We've not changed our capital allocation policy. And to your point, we are not going to hold cash. We'll put that cash to work. And it was really a timing issue at the end of the quarter. We have stronger receipts in the second half of September. The strong teams are generating stronger operating margin and cash flow from outside the U.S. that we're certainly going to keep bringing back to the U.S. and putting to work, but it's just a timing issue there. I think you're right. You look at the strong cash generation, $2.6 billion in the first nine months. We've returned over $1.6 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. That's an increase of 86% to last year, and then we've invested $190 million in the form of CapEx. And we also took the opportunity to reduce our debt by just under 400 that got our – really got our debt to EBITDA leverage back to 2.5. Going forward and looking out into next year, you're going to see the same type of process from us. And I'll let John talk about M&A.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah. P.J., I know you've heard me say this a bunch of times, but it always starts with volume. And I talked about the mid-single-digit volume growth in architectural and TAG, or North America paint stores, where they talk about the high 20%-plus growth in our Consumer Brands Group. And we started seeing a return to sales growth with our Performance Coatings Group. So that's always the biggest driver. We did talk about the favorable product mix, and it was a little bit less than what we saw in the second quarter. As you know, raw materials moderated some. And again, we talked about our third quarter being less of an impact than the second quarter. And then we also had pricing that we had put in earlier this year. So, if you wanted to force rank them, I'd start with volume being over -- well over half of the increase, and then the other three kind of bucket rest of it in fairly similar order or size.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Kevin, I'd echo the point, and I'd like to just emphasize as we look, particularly on the consumer side. Heidi Petz and her team are working closely with each of those customers. We're going to drive inventory to support those customers. And if it means putting a little more in working capital, we'll do that, but we're going to serve those customers.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, Rosemarie. I would say, our expectations don't get any easier. We're expecting that the investments we're making in the programs across each of the customers are going to drive continued volume. And that could be on DIY. It could be on the Pro. We expect that, like we've done over this past year, is really focused on where we're not performing as well as we could be. And we talked about the improvements we've made in our international businesses. And just to kind of put that in perspective, I mean, our international sales for the quarter were up 26%. And flow-through is over 65%. So we're seeing the benefits of those actions as well as we had talked about the favorable product mix, and part of that was exiting the ACE private label business. We're looking at our cost structure on how we support that field organization and making those changes as we need to. So I wouldn't say, just because DIY slows, we should automatically expect to see our margins contract back to prior year levels. I think the high-teens to low 20s that we talked about. As you know, when we set a new high watermark, that is the new target, and we'll talk about what we expect on those operating margins going forward in the future here.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, it's probably a good estimate going forward. We're looking at some things with next year and even into the 2022 tranches to do something with. But I think that's a good level right now.
Al Mistysyn: I would agree with that. We talked about not really looking to reduce debt coming into this year. But based on the circumstances, and what was happening, I thought it was prudent to take it down. So – but yeah, you are absolutely correct.
Al Mistysyn: I think, Mike, on the long-term, though, I think this channel will likely continue to lose share. The Pro DIY shift continues because we do believe it will go back. I know it's shifted a little bit to do-it-yourself in this cycle. But longer term, we expect this shift to go back to do-it-for-me, and the continued market share gains that we see in the home centers.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, John. We do expect to see a more normal demand environment as we go into next year. Some of the favorableness we saw in the two quarters that I talked about on favorable customer and product mix, some of the strength in DIY and volume that we're starting to see on performance coatings. So as a company, our mix of businesses is going to get to a more normal level is some of these businesses where we have opportunities start coming back. That being said, I mean, we're going through our planning process. We're going to continue to look at driving or operating margin leverage. And that's going to come from continued expansion in the gross margin and continued leverage on SG&A. And depending on what we see from a raw material environment, from a pricing environment, from a -- that will kind of tell me what we can continue to invest in or where we have to get more leverage on SG&A. But we're not that far along in that process yet. And as we have typically done, we'll come back to you at the end of the year with our 2021 guidance to give you more color around that.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Greg, I think the way I would look at that is because Performance Coatings businesses are so diverse and product quantities and the like, I mean, if you take FX out of it, in currency neutral, it'd be up 2.6. You probably could split that evenly between price and mix, because mix plays a part there and volume.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Greg, we're going to have probably a couple -- two years here, where the facility projects are going to take us up over -- certainly, over $400 million. Depending on timing and where we're at in that construction process, it could approach $500 million for a year. So, it will be up about 2% for a couple of years. But long-term, we'll still trend it back below 2%.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Greg, you look at $600 million, we had sitting on our balance sheet in the third quarter. I do expect to have, again, strong cash generation here in the fourth quarter and we'll use that excess cash to buy back stock.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Chris, I'd just add to that point. I mean, you look at our third quarter small sales increase of 1.2% and a 110-point operating margin improvement. That just goes – and I got to highlight the team and give them credit, that goes to all the hard work. They've been putting in even the second half of last year as we saw things starting to slow outside of the U.S., they've done a really nice job of working on reducing complexity, reducing SKUs, improving their operations so that when they do get volume, they'll get more leverage on that volume coming out of this pandemic than when we went into it.
Al Mistysyn: I think, Chris, it goes back to the DIY comment that I talked about the stain and sealants are in there, and it's part of that 25%. That's up – 25% of our company, that's up over 20%. And I still think we have such great opportunities in the other 75% of our company to offset any declines in DIY that we see next year.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, John, and I would just say, we have taken the opportunity to do that. We've closed. And when I say closed, it's a lease expiration that we then moved to a different location, about 16 stores in the U.S. and Canada. We did about six last year. So a little bit stronger pace this year than last year. But like John said, it's a regular process for us.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah. Eric, I think what I talked about in the -- either the second quarter, or at FCP, was the fact that in the out quarters are interior to exterior ratio is four to one, on the interior -- on the two biggest quarters, it's three to one. So it was a little bit less than that in our third quarter just because of the strength of exterior.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Kevin. I think one of the comments we made on GI is this an inventory build. Or are we going to be able to see sell-through on that inventory? And so -- and there's momentum. But outside some of these markets and some of these businesses, there's still choppiness that we're accounting for.
John Morikis: Thanks, Ghansham. I'd say our response here is going to be pretty consistent with past discussions that we've had, Ghansham. As we look at all costs, the raw material baskets and everything that you laid out there from healthcare to energy, every aspect of the business, we look at that on a 30-day basis, every 30 days with our management team, we evaluate where we are. We make that decision. We immediately then proceed out with any increases that we've decided on, with a goal of talking to our cost customers first. Once we talk to the customers, then we bring it to the financial community. We've not announced any increases now, or we're not out with any right now. And should we, like I said, we'll be out in front of the customer first and then come to you.
John Morikis: So it's the market that we serve, Jeff. If you look at coil, we've had the benefits of appliances, as an example, in coil as the commercial projects have picked up extrusion and some of the applications into the commercial space have been positive. And the other thing I'd say about the coil, give this team great credit. They have been winning business across all regions. So we talk a lot about share of wallet in our TAG business. But if I were to use that kind of description for our coil business, I'd say, they've been doing very well in that space as well. General industrial, if you look at those applications for coatings in our GI space, again, choppy is a good description here. We did have growth, as we talked about in a few of the geographies: Asia, Europe, LatAm, I believe, in local – in same currency would have been slightly positive. It's mainly the U.S., and it's a choppy market here in the U.S. for GI.
John Morikis: I'd say that we are seeing a positive mix shift, Steve. I would say that there is a difference between these customers. If you look at the DIY customer in a Sherwin store, they're typically looking for that specialty store experience. Al just mentioned, a small percentage of our business, 10%, roughly of our business. The expectations there are just that. They're looking for that specialty store service and expectations in areas that might include color, selection and so on. If you look at the overall, though, what I would say is that our experience this go around is that these are people that are, in general, home, as we've described, nesting, and in many cases, finding themselves looking at a wall that may not have been painted in the next decade. And I think I mentioned on one call that in some of our stores, they've kind of jokingly referred to these as what the heck projects, where they're sitting around, kind of bored out of their minds, and they're saying, 'What the heck. I might as well go ahead and paint this room.' The reason I share that with you is that we've often gotten a question about do we have a concern that we might be leveraging or mortgaging residential repaint customer sales to a DIY customer. We've not seen that. In fact, our residential repaint customers bidding activity is actually increasing not only sequentially but year-over-year. So our customers on the res repaint side are quoting more now this year than they were last year, and they are telling us that the success rate is actually increasing. So we have a DIY customer, who's home. They want a good experience. They are typically moving up and we have a res repaint customers backlog that's growing.
John Morikis: And overall, the customer ends up with the best experience. So it helps our brand position with our customers as well.
John Morikis: Yeah. I'd say, first, Arun. I think it's important to acknowledge that in challenging times, I think you get a sense for how much discipline and conviction you have in your strategy. Things get tough, you can find your way to want to buy a book of business, or let's just buy sales or sales – that's not who we are. I'm really proud of our teams on an organic basis as well as in the M&A space. We've got a very defined strategy that we're working here. And we're very much determined to stay on that, and that great pride in the fact that our teams are doing just that. Now that said, I'm also very pleased with the progress that we're making in this area. We've got some very good discussions going on and feel good about the targets that we're pursuing. As a reminder, the targets that we pursue largely will be in the industrial space, targets that fill either a technology gap or strength in a region that would help us in accelerating our existing businesses and their goals or in establishing a position in a geography where we're underrepresented. Now that said, our goal is not to be everything to everyone, everywhere. So we talk a lot internally about our rights to win, and how we'll go about this and bring into the market a unique and differentiated value that would help us to create shareholder value. So I'm pleased with the progress, and I think the discussions have gone pretty well here.
John Morikis: Well, comfort is not a good word here at Sherwin-Williams. We don't like comfort, nor do we like complacency, Bob. I think you know that. So we're constantly reviewing programs, SKUs, brands, businesses. I think we owe that to our shareholders. So I think there's a very disciplined approach that we take. We're very blessed to have four terrific group Presidents that understand that, and lead that. It is not something that Al and I and David are pulling on. I think these are terrific leaders that understand how to make money, how to create shareholder value. So there's a constant review on all levels, from businesses, all the way down to the SKU, including programs. And those programs are sometimes difficult. If you're launching a program, it's your baby, you want to stay close to that. But I think these terrific leaders are demonstrating a willingness to look at every decision and ensure that it's creating value.
John Morikis: Yeah. So thank you, Bob, for that question, because it's an opportunity to talk about a wonderful team here there that's been working really hard. And it's been unfortunate because they've been gaining a lot of ground in the midst of a COVID experience that's not allowed those numbers to shine through. We don't quantify the size of the business itself, but I will tell you that it's been trending positive. To your question, or point, we believe that we're aggressively growing market share here. We think it's a combination of the technology. People have been asking about synergies with Valspar and Sherwin. This is an excellent example of some of those synergies that come through as we've combined the legacy Sherwin technology, along with the legacy Valspar technology, to come up with a system that's been -- well, been understatement to say, that's been well received. It's been terrific. I spent some time with these large customers who have converted many of those shops over to Sherwin. And I'd say it's a combination of the technology as well as the channel model that we have. Our own stores servicing these customers. We have the same mentality through our automotive stores as we do our own architectural stores. And it's working. And it's working aggressively, and it's a bit of a pun, but we plan on putting a lot of gas in this tank.
John Morikis: Sure, P.J., you're right, we do a lot of what we call war gaming out. And again, I'll come back to the points that I made earlier about the leadership teams that we have. We don't know exactly how it will unfold. What we are blessed with is a lot of experience, maybe I might refer to it as scar tissue, by teams at all levels that understand and can execute. And if you don't mind, maybe I could just take a second just to talk about why I have so much confidence in our ability to respond to whatever it might be. Because yes, you're right, we have thoughts and ideas of different scenarios. All of them come back to execution, and all of the execution comes back to the people that we have -- the terrific people we have in the field every day. So, if I could just take a second and explain why I feel so bullish about that. I mentioned in our financial community presentation last month, about the fact that our MTP program in our stores was reaching 40 years, and this is 40 years of recruiting outstanding talent, training and developing talent and retaining talent. And so when you ask, why do we have confidence and why we are able to execute? We're recruiting 1,500 college grads annually. That means we've got 10,000 of these college graduates throughout the company right now. When I say throughout the company, I'm not just talking about in TAG, I literally mean throughout the company. These are people that have maybe entered in through TAG. They understand our culture. They understand our strategy. They understand our expectations. They understand our aggressiveness. And that helps us so much. In fact, the fact that people come in through that management training program. In fact, 80% of our reps in our TAG business started their career in a store and that means they understand products, they understand logistics, customer service, everything that we have. And this allows us to promote from within. And so when we look at the leadership team that's responding to what your question is, which is what ifs? Well, we've got 70% of our TAG leadership, they started in these MTP programs. So they've started and they understand everything that we're asking our people and our stores to do. If you can imagine, having 70% of our leadership team have had that experience, and they know what to do. And that 70% then feeds our leadership. And I mentioned, at the financial community presentation, that talent pool continues to push up. We've got 6 group and Division Presidents that were MTPs, 26 Vice Presidents and Senior Vice Presidents, and I was blesses a CEO to come through this. And what all that does is, it provides a clear line of sight to a career path that others can follow, and that helps our retention. And I believe, to answer your question, I think how we're able to do this is, it's the retention of wonderful talented people that have the skills, the resources and drives to be able to win. And I think that's the critical component in our strategy. And we've got a long history of it. And we've also got a long history of very low turnover. In fact, our turnover – voluntary turnover is around 7% to 8% and that's with nearly 5,000 stores. I don't think there are many companies that could push that out as a statistic, but we're proud of that. And what that then does is it drives the retention of our overall workforce. 7,000 of our employees have more than 20 years of service, and that's about 15% of our full-time employees. We're blessed to have that talent. And I think when you look at then all the way back, starting from the beginning, what does this allow us to do? Well, 80% of our reps in TAG, they have 5 years or more service. They've come through the stores, same with our industrial reps, by the way. But what this all means is we've got wonderful talent that we can retain. They're in a culture where they want to be. And so when this terrific leadership team takes the front and says, follow me, our people follow, and they execute better than anyone. And I'm a proud member and a small part of that because we win on the streets, and I'm really proud of what our teams are doing.
John Morikis: Yes, David, we haven't quantified them because we're just trying to tell you what we've done versus tell you what we're going to do. I would kind of frame it this way. In the fourth quarter, you do see seasonal reduction in sales related to architectural. Our typical cadence is our SG&A spending tends to be flat from the third quarter to fourth quarter, if you go back and look at it over a period of time. So you delever a little bit on a sequential basis. It doesn't -- I said we'll potentially delever a little bit year-over-year and not see as much benefit in SG&A as we saw in the third quarter. That's really dependent on -- I gave you a pretty wide sales range because of some of the uncertainties around different segments, general, industrial and some others that we had talked about. So as we see the continued sales momentum into November and December, that will tell me the cadence of what we can put in as investment. So we're trying to do the pedal and clutch, as one of our group presidents likes to talk about. We don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but we're also looking at it from the long term, and that will tell you where SG&A comes in as a percent.
John Morikis: Yes, Kevin, to your first point, you're right. With the impressive DIY demand we've seen, we've been not building inventory as much as just maintaining our -- keeping up with the sales out the door. We absolutely are going to run our supply chain harder this fourth quarter and going into the first quarter to build inventory ahead of the spring selling season. As far as how we work with our customers, we want to make sure we're building the right products and getting to them at the right time. We don't think it's about just loading up inventory at store level, whether it's our stores or our architectural and consumer customers, but we're working with them. And it's going to also depend on what the trend that we see in DIY demand out of -- coming into the winter here in November or December and the early part of next year, and then ramping up to the spring. So that's going to be a constant. And I would tell you, we are working with our customers on a daily, weekly, monthly basis to make sure we're getting them the right products that they need.
John Morikis: Yes, Kevin, I guess I'd be remiss if I didn't say on the other side, where we've been under a little bit of pressure on the Performance Coatings side. I think that team has done a really, really nice job controlling inventory, so we didn't build the wrong inventory. And they've got a lot of different programs in place to try to drive complexity out of that supply chain, whether it's SKU rationalizations, platform consolidations. And I give that team a lot of credit for maintaining a disciplined approach to inventory, whereas on the DIY side, we're just full out. We're making as much as we can possibly make.
John Morikis: Not really, Vincent. I'd say it was a bit slower in some of the more urban areas, but we are starting to see some pickup in those areas as well. So I can't just – I can't explain it. If people are just getting tired enough to the point where they're saying just come on in, or they're leaving, or what's happening, but we are – it's pretty well even across the country.
John Morikis: Hi, Mike, as you know, we don't get POS data from those independence. We do believe though that third quarter was strong across most of the independent dealers. It's an environment where they're probably doing pretty well. Hard to say that they're gaining or losing share right now, real time, but I would say that they are likely benefiting to some degree from the same nesting issue that most people in the paint business are in urgency right now as it relates to DIY.
John Morikis: Mike, I would tell you that is an area of strength for us. But I would tell you, as it relates to packaging, we've got a terrific team there that's doing a wonderful job as well as wonderful technology. I think we're growing share pretty aggressively in both food and beverage. And we expect that to continue.
John Morikis: Hey, John, I'm going to have Al answer that, but I want to make sure that I correct it. We never said, easy comps, we said, favorable comps.
John Morikis: In that entire TAG leadership team down there, having their chests suggesting that nothing is easy down there. They're doing want to acknowledge that and say that they're favorable, not easy. Now, Al, you could answer that.
John Morikis: John, I'd say they're beginning to narrow down. We're feeling as though some of what's happening in the marketplace right now as people looking hard at the mirror and asking how much further and how much harder they want to run. And others that are saying, I want to be a little more realistic. So, I'd say that the gap is narrowed.
John Morikis: Yes. Duffy, I'd say that if you look at our Performance Coatings business, 5 of the -- actually, all 6 of the industrial businesses, 5 of the businesses were positive in the third quarter in Asia. We feel there's some good momentum there. And our ability to bring solutions to those customers, we think, helps to differentiate us. So yes, we expect that to continue to grow. I'll add in the architectural piece as well, although I don't know that you were asking that as much as maybe the industrial side. But we've got, I think a terrific opportunity long-term there. So we're doing some work there and some, we believe, good groundwork that will help generations down the road, not next quarter, as we establish the brand and channel for the architectural side. But if you look at our industrial businesses there, they're all pretty strong. And as far as M&A in that market, yes, we're interested in the right businesses there that could help to accelerate our strategy. Again, I'll go back to the very disciplined approach that we take here, which is not just buying a book of business, but something that brings value to our shareholders. We find the right targets in there that can help us, yes, we'd be interested.
John Morikis: Yes, Chris, we do believe that we're growing faster than market right now. And you're right, packaging from a technical standpoint, approval process standpoint, nearly every aspect of packaging is pointing in our direction. So we're feeling really good about that. We talked about coil and the process that we've been going through and new wins or share of wallet, as we like to say, and we expect that to continue to grow. And so our expectations of that team are very high as well. I'd say, we didn't really talk all about it in great depth, but we're really proud of the industrial wood business and the performance. It wasn't long ago, that business was something like made your head hurt. But I'd say it's moving in the right direction here pretty aggressively, and that team is really demonstrating the fact that they've got their hands around this business moving in the right direction and got the lot of confidence, particularly when you look as I mentioned in the prepared remarks about the new residential business and the linkage between that industrial wood business and the growth there in industrial wood. Auto, we talked about the positioning that we've had and how we're growing there already, and it's just not been as visible as we would like because of we're only about 75% back on the road. So we often say, we don't want to be ambulance chasers, but the more roads on – the more cars on the road, the more refinished business there's going to be. And so we're feeling really good about this. Next, then come to areas GI that we've talked about. We love our position here. And to your point, or the question earlier, I believe, I think, Greg or Duffy asked about, our Asia position with leadership? And we look at that Valspar leadership that came with that acquisition. And we've often referred to that as the greatest infusion of talent in the company's history. And so when we look at the auto business and GI, we look at terrific technology and talent that has come here. And we expect to help – that to help up our business in this GI business. Aaron Erter, our Group President of this business, is really doing a wonderful job in a very challenging market, and we've got confidence that each one of these are going to drive. We talked earlier in the life cycle of this acquisition, about our goal to drive the operating margins here in the high teens, low 20s, and we have every bit of expectation and confidence that we're going to do that.
John Morikis: We do. And we also have most powerful brands in those areas to build on as well. And a wonderful team that understands that, that we'll execute on that. So I think we will kind of be approaching this from both sides aggressively.
John Morikis: Yes. David, it's pretty flat. I mean, if you look at it on a same-day basis, it's pretty flat throughout the quarter.
John Morikis: Yes, I would say that we have seen and heard from our customers that the backlog has grown on the part of our contractors. That's evidenced by the fact that they are busy more and have more customers now allowing them in their homes, but still a long list of people that are hopeful that the projects would be coming in soon. I think some pace of that is going to increase with more allowing people in as they're going to be spending more time perhaps in their homes, preparing for the holidays, whatever it might be. So, I'd say that the backlog is good, strong and growing on the part of our residential repaying customers. So, as it relates to the spray equipment, I'd rather not give you any specifics on how long or what that means from a timing perspective. I will tell you that we see a direct correlation between the confidence of the spray equipment sales and the mentality of the contractor has before making that purchase. So, when they're plucking out a couple of thousand dollars or so on a piece of equipment, they're betting that these projects that they have coming up will allow them to pay for them. So, it's a good precursor for what's down the road.
John Morikis: Yes. Very much. So we're excited about this. Yes. I mean, these are -- I use the term I was thoughtful in using that term favorable comps. Yes. You got commercial down low single-digits, property maintenance, mid-single-digits here in the quarter, and we have a wonderful position here, great people, great products, great relationships. Yes. We're going to -- yes. The answer is yes.
John Morikis: Well, so you're talking about how long before a bill is passed and paint is applied? I mean, it would vary, obviously, by project. But I'd say you could see that in a quarter or so, likely. That's a guess on my part. I'd say our position there is very strong, particularly on water and wastewater. It's been a good position and growing for us. But I'd say when you look at general – or I'm sorry, the protective and marine, and the contractors that typically do that type of work, those are typically areas that we do very well with. So as soon as it hits the Street, we would be right on top of that.
John Morikis: Yeah, John, we look at that on a regular basis. And the opportunity for us as markets turns, change and develop. And so the beauty of our approach is how we structure those decisions are as close to the customer as possible with support. So those decisions and opportunities are something that we leverage figuratively.
John Morikis: Now, Eric, I would tell you that we've spoken about the double-digit growth that we've seen in exterior, the very strong high single-digit growth in interior. Obviously, the interior paint market is much larger than the exterior, but we're not going to provide any more detail on our sales of those products and help you understand that.
John Morikis: Eric, I'd say that it is an area of comfort and confidence that we have. It's moving. And as I mentioned earlier, it's, for the most part across the country, and for the most part, nearly all of our residential repaint customers. You'll hear some pockets of concern. But for the most part, I'd say there's a strong excitement inside our building about the interior growth.
John Morikis: I'd say it's a little bit of both, Kevin. I'd say we've got a terrific leader. Brian Patton has done a very nice job of running all of those industrial -- I'm sorry, the international architectural businesses for us. This business, as you mentioned, delivered double-digit growth and it improved its profitability. And we think that we've definitely seen an increased effort to develop the right platform channels for distribution through our team. They've done a nice job of taking out costs and the actions associated with that are not always easy or fun, but this team did a really, really nice job of taking the right steps and right actions and a double-digit growth with reduced expenses, and you start to see an improved bottom line.
John Morikis: I think yes, sequentially, we've seen improvement in -- the other thing they like to build on Al's point, even in these challenging times, the 5 global business units that sit in PCG all grew in all regions. So I mean, there's some pretty good momentum that we have coming along here.
John Morikis: Yes. And Justin, it sounds like you mentioned that you may have missed the earlier response. I think it's important to build on the point Al made earlier, which is – this is very similar to the 2008 run that we experienced. We've got a long-tenured leadership here at Sherwin. It's been through many of these movies here before. And we know how to invest. While it hits the SG&A line. I would tell you, Al and the other control – the group controllers that work with Al, there's a very disciplined approach in this. So this is not money that we look at spending, these are investments. A very high level of discipline and expectations come along with those investments.
Jim Jaye: And Bob, this is Jim. What I'd add to that is auto, we saw growth in every region. So it wasn't just one niche there, it was every region that we operate.
Jim Jaye: Yes, Kevin, what I would tell you in – just based on our commentary that we gave in our prepared remarks, I mean, third quarter was down a mid-single-digit range. And the third quarter was mainly driven, again, by lower costs on resins, monomer, solvents. Going into our fourth quarter, we think we're still going to see a benefit year-over-year, but maybe not as much. We've seen some sequential tick up in some of the feedstocks, propylene has ticked up here, ethylene has ticked up even HDPE on the packaging side has ticked up. So we're seeing that. I think we start to think about 2021. It's probably a little bit early to be thinking about 2021. We'll give you that view in January as we typically do. But again, what I would say from a directional perspective is a couple of things. We're seeing sequential increases. Certainly, we've seen a rise in oil prices, which are putting pressure on some of those feedstocks, they're not always totally connected, but there is some pressure there. We've seen the upstream capacity from refineries, crackers, PDH units, they're managing tighter through this pandemic. So we're seeing some tighter supply demand and scenarios there. And demand is picking up. So all of those could be factors that we're looking at. On the TiO2 side, again, we're watching that closely as well heading into next year. And it's all about, I think, what demand is going to do. To this point, North America and chloride been pretty stable. Chinese TiO2 players have been out with some increases here recently. So a lot of moving parts there, but still a benefit in the fourth quarter. In 2021, we just don't have a lot of clarity yet.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, Rob, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Really appreciate your interest there entire leadership team. I hope you feel came through, we're very confident very optimistic about our fourth quarter prospects and where we're heading into 2021. I will be available along with my colleague Eric Swanson for your follow-ups today and the rest of the week. And please, contact Natalie Darr to get in the queue. So thanks again for your interest. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
