John Morikis: Well, let me take a stab at this Jeff and say that the weakness that we saw first in the quarter -- first quarter to second quarter was pretty broad based. And when you ask about how the performance is performing, there's obviously two components to it; our sales out our door and then to the retail customer themselves. So I would say that -- to your question about how they're performing, I'd say out the door, our expectations are they're running in a similar pace from the PoS data that we can see from our customers, although, admittedly, that's limited. But in the door, I would say that our gallons are running shorter or smaller than Valspar's.
John Morikis: Yes, I'd say many of our customers in this segment are struggling to grow, and some are going backwards. And as a result they're managing their inventory.
John Morikis: Yes. I would say that we're very pleased. In fact, I'm probably more bullish about Valspar right now than I ever have been. I'll start with the quality of people. We've had the opportunity to spend more time from leadership all the way down to those customers that are closest to our customers. And I have to say that I have a lot of respect going into it. I'm really impressed and very pleased with the quality of people that we see. We've not seen anything -- and you mentioned about synergies. We've not seen any in the first 45 days here that had me anything but excited and confident in our ability to deliver on the synergies that we've talked about. And I would say that as we've dialed in more and more into product quality and technology, it just feels like we're finding more upside as we go through that. Now the one side I -- one point I will say that, to be completely transparent on the downside, is that I wish they would have been a bit more proactive in their pricing. If you look at the historical performance of Valspar and their ability to demonstrate the value to their customers and move with inflation, they had been very successful. And this is the same team that will be executing these price increases now. I wish they would have been a bit more proactive. I can also understand after a year and a half of going through an FTC process that a lot of things get maybe pushed aside. But I'd say that we've got great confidence in the team, the value proposition. These are not commodities, these are terrific value to our customers and I wish they would have been a bit more proactive in that activity.
John Morikis: Sure, I'd say let's start with residential repaint. As we mentioned, we had a nice quarter. Again, that will be 13 to 15 quarters that we've had double-digit gains in our residential repaint. And as I mentioned, that's with -- what was going to be a terrific quarter. Last couple of weeks in June just crushed our exterior sales. And as I mentioned, those come along with a higher average sale price. So, we're really pleased with the momentum of our stores organization and the momentum that they have in that residential repaint team. We've got phenomenal leaders, great products, great service and, most importantly, the right people close to the customers. So, we've got a lot of momentum and a lot of confidence there. On the new residential side, we're really pleased with our momentum there as well. We have -- I don't know if I've ever -- we've ever shared this with anyone publicly here, but we've got exclusive agreements with 15 of the top 20 national builders here in the U.S. And yes, and I know the follow-up question, we are working on the additional five. We have that discussion on about a monthly basis. But we've got really good progress there and the value proposition and introducing new products and services to the new residential customers is going well. And our commercial base is one where we've just got really good work course systems and our sales organization works very closely with that customer base. So, we're feeling very bullish about the momentum in the architectural business and really thrilled about our position, but not complacent. We're always challenging our team on how we're going to be better and more aligned with our customers in a differentiating way.
John Morikis: And I'd say the fact that they've got labor issues in some of these markets, they lean more on our people and our stores. So, it really fits well to our model.
John Morikis: I'd like Al to answer that, but I'd like to just begin with a question, your point about the consumer side. I think it's important to understand, we're working on these solutions that we think can help our customer and we're going to do that customer-by-customer. And as unsatisfying as this answer is to both you and us, and there's really no quick fix here. The short-term solution of throwing promotional money at this problem is not a solution that we're pursuing. So, the long-term solution is to help our customers drive traffic and convert these footsteps into their -- in their stores into sales and help them to drive footsteps into their stores.
John Morikis: Yes, we do and our practice of working with our customers through that process is continuing. And we often speak about the fact that we're not out there trying to jam a price increase in immediately. We work with our customers, and those phase in over in the Sherwin-Williams side in the six to seven-month period. It might be a little bit longer on the OE side for Valspar. It might be a six to nine-month with some of the agreements that they have. But it is clearly our intention that these products, services and the total value proposition are going to allow us to continue to push those two. But we'll do it at the right place to retain our customers.
John Morikis: Yes. We're actually feeling pretty good about our Protective & Marine, and we had a nice turn here in the quarter for our -- and particularly, our North America petrochem had some nice swing. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, slightly below our core business, but clearly moving in the right direction. And we're -- we've been talking in the last couple of quarters about the shift or pivot, as we call it, into some of these additional segments. We're getting very good traction there. There were a couple of segments that we see projects. We see them on the Board, but they've not been released primarily in the infrastructure. If you look at bridge and highway and water/wastewater, there has been some projects that are in discussion, I'd call it, but have not been released. The pressure -- and I also mentioned in Latin America, we saw a nice turn in our P&M business in Latin America. The two areas that we continue to see pressure in Protective & Marine, and albeit they're smaller businesses in relationship to our stores business, would be in Asia and in Europe. We continue to see pressure on our P&M business there.
John Morikis: Yes, the largest division that was impacted was our Southeastern division. These divisions take a lot of pride in competing with each other. And Southeast is -- has been one that has been leading the pack here for quite some time. And I would say, going into the final lap here, if you will, of the third quarter, they were in a pretty good position, but they clearly felt the impact in the last couple of weeks. And our Southwestern division did a wonderful job in capitalizing on that opportunity and leading the pack for our stores organization.
John Morikis: Well, we're going to offset that by working with our customers on the need for our pricing and the timing. Al just spoke to the fact that we're bringing a little more clarity to our stores' pricing given that they are, in fact, our own stores. We prefer not to talk about pricing as it relates to our consumer business. But suffice it to say that the basket of raw materials are moving and we're talking with our customers about the needed price increases to offset that raw material basket shift.
John Morikis: Well, the exterior and DIY, we had a soft DIY performance in our stores and, we believe, in the entire market.
John Morikis: I'd also say that the exterior business is oftentimes a contractor-applied product. There are certainly many DIY customers that apply their own exterior coatings. Let's say that many customers, when it comes to tackling a DIY project, would prefer that to be an interior versus exterior. So, we may feel a little bit -- and again, this is on the shorter term, we may feel a bit more of a pinch on the exterior gallons, given our mix heavily towards the contractor. But we've got -- as Bob mentioned, we have a lot of confidence in the trend here and we don't feel this is a demand issue.
John Morikis: Yes, I'd say, Bob, here in the first 45 days -- and to your point, while we had more time than we would have preferred, there were certainly limitations to what we were able to dial into out of respect to the proper process to the FTC. And so truly, we've had about 45 days to dial in. And we're very confident in the numbers that we've posted on -- prior to the close about our ability, from a synergy standpoint, to drive those synergies through the organization and, importantly, as we believe, position the company for growth. And so we feel as though we're trending well. We feel as though there's good engagement by both Valspar leadership and Sherwin leadership and making good decisions that allow us to extract out the -- what we call value capture and, at the same time and more importantly, position ourselves for growth.
John Morikis: Yes, so we want to look at that, Bob. That's a great point. We want to start with a customer and work back, though, not just what we could bring to that. We do believe that there are terrific opportunities, if it's technology and from a supply chain standpoint, combined with what we think will be a far more efficient. But the most important element here is the customer and so we're going through the process right now of working with our new team members from Valspar on the needs from the consumer and working back to what it is that we bring. And so we're excited about this. We think there are some opportunities. We're anxious to explore them. We've often referenced, you mentioned -- what might be the smallest market, but just because you mentioned it the Australian businesses we've -- they operate, I believe, 64 stores in Australia and we like -- we're anxious to bring some of the expertise that we have in running stores to that business. But we're the first to admit that we're not experts in Australia. So, we're connecting dots here to make sure that what's needed in the market and the opportunity in the markets that the resources, the assets and skill sets that we have in our company.
John Morikis: I'd say that the thought of their losing shelf space, I mean, first of all, you mentioned the paints business, we were competing obviously with Valspar and one very large customer. And so there was -- there may have been some shift in there. I think as we've got -- been able to pull back the curtain, if you will, I'd say that the opportunities for growth are clearly there. I don't know that the -- as I mentioned earlier, from a pricing activity standpoint, that they were as active as we would like to have seen. But from a volume standpoint, I wouldn't point to market share losses. I might say that they were experiencing, like we were, some softness in the market.
John Morikis: Well, it's a terrific asset. I mean, we wanted to build on that. We think there are customers of the Valspar brand that are eager to grow, and we want to help them, and we think that the Valspar brand is a terrific asset to help them do exactly that. I mean, our goal would be to bring the technology and the combined services to each and every one of our customers to help them execute their strategy. And every customer is a little different. They've got different expectations and targets. And we think that combined the Sherwin-Valspar portfolio of resources, people, skills and technologies will allow us to separate from the competition. And so I would expect that we're going to build on those. But I'd also say that we don't make decisions for our customers. We're going to work with them and help them to make the right decision to help them reach their goals.
John Morikis: Yes. So, two. I mean, the first and largest would be the raw material costs. We're unable to look at raw material costs formulations. We're not able to look at formulations. And so when you talk about, are there possibilities for consolidation? You can't just look at a map and say, there's two facilities nearby. One is a candidate to be closed. We try to understand the specific needs of every customer, which we were not -- unable to talk about, the specific technology that's manufactured in a plant, which we're not able to talk about, the raw material costs, the suppliers that they're using in those raw materials. There's quite a bit that we were able to do and we're moving aggressively because they were within bounds and there were many areas that were out -- clearly out of bounds that we didn't get near.
John Morikis: We're telling them that if they see opportunities we want to know them. We want to have those discussions. We've been very clear about -- in the short-term our focus is on paying down our debt. But often times -- it's not like we're going to the grocery store and buying something off the shelf. I mean, these are discussions that we have for -- often times, we've had deals that I've worked on for five years. So, we want to know from each business leader, on a regular basis, those opportunities that they feel will help them by enhancing their value proposition to their customers and we want to engage in those discussions now.
John Morikis: Yes, it's -- it really does vary, Duffy, by region, by segment. We're excited about that. I don't want to give the false impression that it's going to happen overnight. I mean, we've got opportunities to -- in many parts of the world, we have a broader assortment of products and technologies. But we're going to have to have a supply chain to be able to transfer some of those products. We're going to have to get our sales organization up to speed and aware of the technology. And so there's a whole lot of work going on right now and trying to accelerate that as quickly as possible. And then those were some of the things that we talked about before the close of how we were going to go about that. So we're executing on those plans right now, but it really does vary very much by segment and by customer.
John Morikis: No, I would say that there's certainly a shift from do-it-yourself to do-it-for-me that's likely accelerated. It's -- often times, when you talk about a consumer, little difficult to put your fingers right on what it is that's driving the slowdown in do-it-yourself. What we're focused on here, PJ, is ensuring that our customers are at the best position to be able to capitalize on the business that does exist out there. There's terrific market share, as we said in review with each of our customers, their goals and providing the lineup of products, brands and services to help them is what we're focused on to be able to do that.
John Morikis: Well, we wouldn't want to comment on that specifically. I don't think that's happening. But the point here is that we do see opportunities on the synergy side for us to capitalize. And while we're excited about them, PJ, those are not issues that we're going to lay out right now. But I will tell you that by business unit, as we're bringing these teams together, we went in with some idea and some mindset of where those opportunities are. And I would say, right now, we are very excited about as these teams have come together, the opportunities that they've identified that we haven't even thought of yet. So, we're feeling very good about those opportunities and the momentum. It's going to take us a little time to capture those, but we feel good about what we're finding.
John Morikis: Well, we reported our consumer numbers. The HGTV paints specifically, we don't speak to, out of respect to our customer. We allow our customers to report their results. But we did report our consumer results and have clearly indicated that while we feel as though the market is a tough market, we want to see better performance from our team. And they're working very hard, and we have high expectations for them to outperform the market.
John Morikis: Yes, I'm excited about every business that these Valspar and Sherwin-Williams teams have come together and touch. I mean, if you look at the complementary nature of these businesses, they offer technology and resources. In many cases, they may be strong where we're not and vice versa. There's areas of strength that we have that they lack, either scale or facility. The combination of the product lines, the relationship with customers. We're excited to be a more meaningful part of the relationship with many customers, where they may have had an OE direct relationship and our focus has been on the tier suppliers into, ultimately, the OE customer. And so we think the combination of people, technologies, the resources, the assets, the facilities that we have, I mean, every single business, when we sit and talk in these meetings and Allen and I are working with them on a regular basis. And we walk away really, really excited about where we're headed here. And we're pushing hard to get it as fast, but we have a common theme that we're constantly repeating, which is we want to push hard to get it right, not just fast. And so we don't want to making commitments to our customers or to the financial community, but more importantly, to the customers that we can't keep. And I'll add 1 thing to you that is if you look historically at the performance of Sherwin-Williams and our ability to integrate in these facilities and technologies, I don't want to give the impression that it's just out there somewhere. I mean, we move quickly. We're moving aggressively. We just want to make sure we get it right. So, I don't give you the wrong impression there.
John Morikis: Yes, I'd say we were going in the last two weeks of June and came out in July very strong. We had two very difficult weeks and primarily our Southeastern division that really -- and as we mentioned this sell price and volume and everything, the contractor purchases of exterior, it really had a significant impact on our business.
John Morikis: Yes, I would say it's safe to say that you should sense a level of confidence. And you talked about our stores organization, again, not to be too repetitive, but we're finishing 13 of 15 quarters in this residential space with a double-digit gain and we feel as though we're really growing share there. And we're really trying to put our foot on the pedal and go even faster. And our teams are really executing there and I think the alignment that we have in developing products and services and working with our customers is really allowing us to grow share. And I'm not -- we're not talking about is that going to slow down? We're talking internally that how we accelerate. We want to go harder and faster and further separate ourselves from our competition. I mentioned the penetration that we have in new residential. And so if you're like us and have confidence in the need for housing and starts and you reflect back on the fact that we've got these exclusive agreements with 15 of the top 20 builders. Yes, we're feeling good, and we're trying to grow that number, the number of builders on both the national and regional level. That we've got the right products that work for the national builders and we're trying to further leverage that for the regional builders. So, I mean, I can go segment-by-segment, but yes, we're feeling really good. But as I said, great people in the field, taking care of customers and we want people feeling as though our people and our stores and our reps are an extension of their business, and our people are doing a terrific job at that. We're very grateful for their efforts.
John Morikis: I'd say that the morale is very good. We're very transparent and open with our employees and our teams about the process that we're going through. We're not going to -- and I hope you respect, Scott, we're not going to speculate about percentages of where we are or where we are not in the process, respect to our teams and our people. Those are discussions that we have directly with them. We're anxious to get this behind us. We have good momentum, but those aren't discussions that we're going to have.
John Morikis: No, -- yes, we're not going to talk about that, Scott. I mean, again, that's a very important customer of ours and I hope you'll, again, respect that those discussions between us and Lowe's and their strategy, I mean, that's -- it's important to that each and every one of our customers respect that those are confidential discussions and our job is to help them execute on their strategy.
John Morikis: Well, I'd say that you're exactly right, Scott and very observant. You know our company well. And historically, we've always taken that approach, which is we're going to work with our customers through that process. And the acquisitions that you described were, in fact OEM suppliers mainly. And so we worked with those customers. Our goal is to always come through the tunnel with our customer and the price. And so we work appropriately with our customers to ensure that the value proposition is there for them and their ability to enhance the value of their products through that process. So, you're right, it's going to take a little bit of time. As I mentioned earlier, we've typically looked at a Sherwin cycle of maybe taking six to seven months to implement a price increase. And on the Valspar side, it might take six to nine months. But the value proposition is strong. The same teams are the ones executing, the same products and technologies. And so we've got confidence in our ability to do that, but we're not going to lose our heads and go out there and try to do it overnight. We want to keep our customers.
John Morikis: Yes, Steve, it's a good question. I might answer a little differently and that is referencing back to the previous question. We have confidence and we've not seen anything that keeps us from being anything but confident in our ability to reach the synergy targets that we have. They're going to lay in -- Al mentioned that run rate that we're at. I don't think it's in our best interest to parse out where we are on each of those individual synergy buckets as we're pursuing them, but you should expect raw materials was a big one. You should expect that we're being very aggressive in pursuing those and our goal is to try to capture those as quickly as possible.
John Morikis: Well, we're always interested in improving our performance. I do have to -- I think it's important to make a statement here that I believe that, again, with limited PoS data, we don't see all the data from our customers. I would tell you that our sell-through at retail is in line with what we believe to be the rate of the DIY market. I do think that the inventory connection -- correction may have been a little stronger on some of the products as we've walked into some of these programs. And at the same time, while we're learning about the program, our customers are experiencing a little softer market than what we would like to see. And so I think there's been some adjustment accordingly. But as far as the market goes, I think our out-the-doors are performing similar to what we expect the market is performing.
John Morikis: Let me answer that last one. I'd say the area that we started to see some positive that would still may be characterized as reversing, I would say, would be the Protective & Marine. That has been under pressure for a couple of years now. And this -- we clearly saw a shift in the petrochem, and there's still more opportunity there. And I'd say that there's -- I'd characterize that in that manner. Regarding the -- I'm sorry, the division question you had was.
John Morikis: Yes, I'd say Latin America, outside of Brazil, we see a good trend. We're growing our share and financials are pointing in the right direction. And to Al's point, Brazil is such a big percentage of -- the weight of Brazil on our overall South American operations is pretty heavy.
John Morikis: Yes, you're exactly right. And let me add one more. Our store performance, our own store performance in Brazil is actually positive performance as well. Such a big part of that business, Dmitry, is third-party through home centers and distributors, and they're calling on consumers. And the consumers' confidence in that market is clearly shaken. But you're exactly right. If you look at our automotive, our wood business, our general industrial and Protective & Marine businesses in Latin America, they were all positive. It's the architectural consumer business that's under pressure.
John Morikis: Yes, I'd say we're going to continue to feel pressure through the end of the year. I'd like to say they we're going to be able to turn this around quickly here, Dmitry. But I think, this is a process when you're involved in these acquisitions. First of all, it was a very long FTC process, and sometimes people get a little distracted, and I respect that. And quite frankly, you have competitors that are in there trying to create opportunities. And so we always see this as well. The competition kicks up for a short -- for a little bit and they're aggressive and so we feel some pressure. And they've done the right thing. They've hung on to the business. The volume is actually hanging in there. It's the gross margin that's under pressure. And so as I mentioned earlier, and again, I don't want to be repetitive, but we've got great confidence in these leadership teams that are now part of our team. And these are the same leaders and same product services, as I mentioned earlier. And it's up to us to continue to demonstrate the value proposition to our customers and to earn that incremental margin to offset the raw material costs and we've got confidence in our ability to do that. Historically, they've been able to do that. Everything's consistent and we're going to continue to work towards that. We're going to do it at the right pace.
John Morikis: Well, your first question about how did that we arrive with the regulators, I mean, that's a normal process review, which we're very respectful for the process that the government goes through, and we responded to all their requests. The did their due diligence, including not only our information, but Valspar's, but also customer information and they made a decision. And while we may have had a different opinion in many areas, and that is part of the process, you're able to express your thoughts, ultimately, they made a decision and we had to respect that. And so we find ourselves now exactly where the FTC would want us, which is in a competitive situation with the new entrant. And yes, you're exactly right, we're going to compete for that business and I don't think the FTC or any other government agency would have it any other way. The competition is good for the consumer and we're going to be out there looking for that -- those customer relationships. We have a good industrial wood business or they would not have required us to divest the one that they required. So, our teams are going to be working hard to try to grow their business. And some of those customers will certainly be legacy Valspar customers. But I'll say this tongue-in-cheek, we don't discriminate. We'll take customers anywhere we can get. So, we'll be working hard with all customers' opportunities.
John Morikis: Or gain -- or gain share. We're having those discussions every day. And again, it goes back to the same value proposition. It's upon us to help our customers be successful. That's our goal. That's how we measure our success. Our success is making our customers successful. So, we're making those discussions every day. And we've talked openly about the need for volume. And so while we talk about value capture, raw material costs, all those things, the day starts and ends with discussions about growing volume and growing sales and we do that by aligning ourselves with our customers.
Allen Mistysyn: And Jeff this is Al. I would add. And part of the reason that is, just the tight inventory control that we're seeing across the channel due to what we believe to be general softness in the DIY market.
Allen Mistysyn: Jeff, I -- we -- I don't think we've historically talked about pricing specific to the Consumer segment. We generally stick to our Paint Stores Group when we talk about, as an example, price increases. So, I just -- with the mix of products in that, I don't think it's appropriate to talk about specific pricing in consumers -- in our consumer segment.
Allen Mistysyn: So, Arun, this is Al. The low to mid-single-digits in the guidance in the third quarter certainly has the impact of our tempered view of both the Consumer Brands Group, core business and the Latin America region. And when you look at the full year at mid-single-digits that would tell you that the stores group does have to perform up in that range. And we didn't come off the year on EPS on our core at $0.14, $0.15 and that's really driven by the flow-through we saw in stores. So, if you look at our first half with our U.S. and Canada stores business, 7% same-store sales growth and -- I'm sorry, yes, 6% same-store sales growth and over a 30% flow-through. That would tell you that their second half has to be at a similar pace to achieve the $0.14, $0.15 with the tempered view of Consumer and Latin America.
Allen Mistysyn: Just talking to the Paint Stores Group, I think the effectiveness that we've talked about in our price increase has been very good. I think as you talk about looking out, we're monitoring the raw material basket. And as we get a better line of sight to that, we would certainly talk to our customers first, like we have in the past. We'd also absolutely try to push back on our vendors or find our cost offsets in our own organization before we go talk to our customers. But then absent of those offsets, then we will talk to our customers first and then let you all know.
Allen Mistysyn: No, Mike. I would say that the earnings would be a continuation of what you saw in the first half on that trend that was reported. Just to be clear on what we reported for Valspar operations is their operations, less their legacy, their legacy debt would be included in that and then less the new debt acquisition financing. But ex the synergies and the financing, I think it'd be down. And primarily because you saw that in the gross margin in that the pressure they saw in the raw material costs. And there was typically a lag in their business in getting price and we're seeing that lag and then some. So, certainly, we're challenging our groups to get out and develop what that pricing action has to be with the customers.
Allen Mistysyn: Scott, I would say if you look at the $50 million that we have in our guidance and the run rate that implies that $100 million you'd say on a three -- 120 gross run rate in year three, we're a third of the way there. So, we feel pretty good about that progress.
Allen Mistysyn: Matt, the -- their -- with their resin and colorants business that was in that Admin [ph] segment is now in our Performance Coating segment. But no, we won't be breaking the specifics of the segment profit out for that business.
Allen Mistysyn: There -- in the original, there probably was some, John, but not significant enough on a $225 million business on a $4.2 billion company to matter.
Allen Mistysyn: I think, Chris, what we're prepared to do is at the FCP Conference, we'll give you more color and more guidance on the performance of Valspar and the combined entity and the synergies that are occurring. I think after 45 days, it's a little tough to have a lot of confidence in some of the things that we just thought. So, we're shooting for the FCP Meeting.
Allen Mistysyn: Dmitry, the -- when you look at our Latin America region, Brazil is the largest portion of that business. And as you well know, that it's just been in turmoil. So, you see a lot of short-term choppiness. We expect that to continue over the short-term. Over the long-term, that market, it's the ninth largest economy. As they work their way through the turmoil and regain their footing, we expect that to be a good market for us and expect to see growth and a return to the profitability of that region.
Bob Wells: Hey, Chris, this is Bob. And just because we're on the subject of painting contractors, let me break in. And because there's been a lot of debate on whether the labor supply issue is improving or staying the same. From our perspective, while it may be approving -- improving marginally in some regions of the country, I think in most of the country, we're still seeing pretty chronic labor supply shortages. In the Southeast, Southwest and West in particular, those are the tightest regions and certainly, the impact on project count is pretty significant. Our contractor surveys in every region tell us that contractors would bid more work if they had more help. And most say they'd be willing to pay more to get more qualified labor. So the labor shortages that we've talked about for the last year and a half to two years don't appear to be behind us.
Bob Wells: Hey, Arun, a quick point of clarification. The range of price increases that we took in our stores was 3% to 5%. The average was about 4%, not 5%. So, 75% of 4%.
Bob Wells: And because it was Southeast has been consistently one of the strongest demand regions in the country, we do not believe that the slowdown in exterior sales had anything to do with lack of demand. There is high demand for exterior projects in the market right now.
Bob Wells: It's difficult to tell at this point, Steve, because we haven't heard enough public reports from the second quarter. It feels to us like DIY has been very slow. And the other comment I'd make is that while our exterior business was soft, we doubt we're the only one that felt the impact of slow exterior sales in the latter half of June.
Bob Wells: And I would say, Bob, we have about $50 million of synergies in our forecast for Valspar core. And when you look at that compared to what we talked about when we announced the acquisition, we had about $140 million in number in our first full year, so that's an annual number. You talk about $50 million -- around $50 million at a run rate. That's probably $100 million. And as we get more clarity and are able to get more discussions across the selling organizations and looking at formulations in that, we'll have a better picture that we'll update guidance accordingly. And we'll give you a clear picture at the FCP conference in October.
Bob Wells: And Duffy, I would say if you look at our guidance, the $2.5 billion for the June through December. You got to remember, they're on a 4-4-5. So, we tried to make their last year comparable to ours, and with that, we think we'd be flat to up slightly, which I think is right in the range of what they've been running.
Bob Wells: No, I think what we talked about a few years ago was that Latin America, we moved under the Paint Stores Group management team and created the Americas Group back then. We just didn't report it that way. So, with a larger company, Latin America gets to be about less than 5% of our sales and profit, much less than that even, unfortunately. But it didn't make sense leave them as a separate segment.
Bob Wells: At the risk of belaboring the obvious, PJ, we -- while we don't like to see our DIY business in our stores slowing down, we are the beneficiaries of this shift from DIY to do-it-for-me. John mentioned in his opening comments that we've seen 13 in the last 15 quarters of double-digit growth in our Pro residential repaint business. We think that's a reflection of more people hiring professionals as opposed to doing it themselves.
Bob Wells: No. Actually, we think that painting activity is pretty strong right now. As strong as it can be, given the labor shortages in the contractor market.
Bob Wells: It -- as we said, it was in the Southeast and a little bit in the East. And the why, all we've said is the why was not lack of demand. And we have a practice of not talking about things like weather on conference calls, but you can't paint outside in the rain. And I think I'll leave it at that.
Bob Wells: I would add to that, though, because you specifically point out DIY. On the DIY side of the market, which would include a component of our Paint Stores business and our Consumer Brands Group, probably less confident. We think we're seeing softness in the DIY market. So, that growth is going to be a little more challenging there.
Bob Wells: The other point I'd point out, Steve, is that segment includes a business unit in Europe. So, it may not be an apples-to-apples comparison looking at our volumes versus our peers. Europe, the second consecutive quarter, was the weakest performing part of the Consumer segment. So, we're getting a drag from overseas.
Bob Wells: Matt, this is Bob. The change in raw material cost year-over-year probably peaked in the second quarter. That's only because we're starting to annualized price increases from last year. We did see chemical-grade propylene settle back after a pretty significant spike in the first quarter and we don't expect any major swings over the balance of the year. So that's probably good news. But MMA remains very tight. TiO2, we're probably going to see more traction on pricing in the TiO2 market. So, I don't expect raw material -- the basket to decline. In fact, the basket, we're going to see a little incremental inflation going forward. It's just that the compare gets easier as we go forward. So, our outlook for the full year is still mid-single digits, but we don't see a lot of goodness in the back half in the way of deflation. 
Bob Wells: Well, high single-digits in the strongest region to low single-digits in the weakest, all being positive on revenue and volume.
Bob Wells: Thanks Jesse. I'll wrap-up quickly by remind you all that our annual Financial Community Presentation is scheduled for October 3rd, in New York at the Marriott Marquis. The program will consist of a brief business review by our segment leadership teams, followed by a more detailed update on our Valspar integration plans and progress. We'll host our customary Q&A session followed by a reception and lunch. Again, that date is Tuesday, October 3rd. Please look out for registration information sent via e-mail in mid-August. As always, I will be available over the next few days to handle any additional questions that arise as you digest this morning's call. If you'd like to be placed in the queue for a follow-up call, please call Kristy Johnson at 216-566-3001 and she will add you to the callback schedule. Again that number is 216-566-3001. I'd like to thank you again for joining us today and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
