Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah. In China, Bob, it would be – as we have really strong volume – less sales and volume because we're – the non-affordable house – the affordable housing segment or we also refer to it as non-exclusive distribution is still growing strongly and that's the reason that you're correct when you call that out. In Australia, it's all currency. I mean, the Australian dollar has probably been impacted more than any other currency that we translate back. So, yeah, we had really good quarter in Australia. Volume was up high single digits, sales were up mid-single digits, but as it translated back, it looked – it didn't look that good.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Not really, Bob. I mean, it's – I think they announced that their plans were to close about 15% of the stores in their network. I think it's safe to assume that those stores were underperforming to begin with. They believe that they can keep at least a third of the volume from those stores, so if you do that math, it says that the potential business that we had with B&Q is reduced by, say, 10%. And if you remember, our number there was 100 – a little over $100 million, so it's immaterial to – certainly to the company. It will still be good and profitable business, but I think more importantly as we've said a number of different times, B&Q for us is an important venture because of the optionality it gives us on the rest of the European consumer market which is very, very large, $6 billion or so and very fragmented market. So, it gives us the opportunity in addition to partnering with a great retailer. We're building a team, we're building a supply chain and we believe that we'll be able to expand that business from that base.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah. Volume growth in Europe was flattish. And it's mainly as a result of our packaging business and I apologize this issue now I'm sure will come up later because we have been showing strong volume growth in our packaging coatings business for the last several quarters and this year, it was slightly negative. And now as a result, as Jim mentioned, of a competitive situation in Europe on a large volume, low margin product, and one of our competitors got a little bit more aggressive on price than we were comfortable with. So we let the business go. But packaging in Europe overall had a good quarter, offsetting that volume loss and had sales in the low single digit, approaching mid single digit range. So, in Europe, in general, had a good quarter, sales were up mid single digits in local currency. So, the headlines to that, say, Europe is improving, that's possible certainly our business there remains strong.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah. We usually don't talk about – we had a policy of not talking about individual commodities. And – but we will say that and Jim said it, I think, in his prepared remarks is that we did see some softness in pricing in the quarter in the commodities that are related to oil and that would be solvents that – the type of commodities that you expect to see behave cyclically. So we saw that in the quarter. And as Jim also said, toward the end of the quarter and certainly as we look forward through the remainder of the year, we see pricing firming in those commodities, particularly the ones that are related to oil, which on average is at a higher price now than it was during the second quarter for us.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah. It's about three quarters auto refinish and about a quarter industrial. I mean – so there are two businesses that we acquired, Ram, one is the auto refinish business and that's the larger of the two, and then the smaller is an industrial aerosol business. Both businesses are highly complementary to our existing businesses and broaden our product offering and distribution channels. The auto refinish piece, which I'm sure most of the folks on this call know (21:58-22:05) extremely attractive from sales and will increase our presence in the North American market more than that percentage. We'll finally be at a significant scale in the North American market. The industrial business – the industrial aerosol business, I think you know we have an aerosol business that's mainly a consumer business today. It's highly complementary from the standpoint of supply chain, manufacturing, and technology. So we're very excited about these businesses and we expect they're going to be great contributors to Valspar earnings going forward.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I'm sorry, Jeff. Bill Seymour is controlling – Seymour is controlling the electronics here. For some reason, he had you muted. So it's less than $400 million.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah. Jeff, yeah, it's – I would say the transaction is consistent with industry multiples in terms of our purchase price. After synergy, we're looking at something like paying seven times EBITDA.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I don't believe that we got any significant pricing in the quarter. Jeff, what you're looking at is a mix improvement.
Gary E. Hendrickson: And our coil business, which had a really strong quarter and we leveraged the strong growth into stronger margins. And we also had – we had a number of different product launches in our coil business over the last couple of quarters that have incremental margins that are higher than the base.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah. I don't know the answer to that, Jeff, and I am not sure if I did I – it would be appropriate to answer that specifically. It was – we were very pleased with that. As you know, we have several hundred, over 400 Valspar employees that work in the Lowe's stores supporting Lowe's sales efforts. And as I said in my remarks, the strength of our brand and the strength of our product lineup combined with those 400 professionals led to really strong growth in the quarter.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think our people in the stores are doing a great job (29:12-29:21) selling, and when a customer comes in, they intercept that consumer and they are helping Lowe's grow their Paints department by selling Valspar.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yeah. That's a good question, Arun. Let's just – let the paint season play out. The first quarter or the second quarter of this year is not the high volume of the year, it's not the high volume quarter...
Gary E. Hendrickson: ...as the third quarter is. So let's see – let's defer that question until our third quarter call and I'll be able to give you more specifics. I'd just be speculating now.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, as I said, our Europe – address Europe first. Europe business had a good quarter. And that comes on the back of several – many actually, good quarters. So we haven't been impacted in Europe to the extent that, say, other businesses have. In the heavy equipment market, I'll just say it's still down. I mean you – I'm sure you read the announcements from the main branch Caterpillar and Deere. They're not expecting a strong year in heavy equipment. Our heavy equipment segment is doing extremely well, because we've taken significant amount of market share with local players in the China market as well as some others globally. The Inver acquisition was a real enabler of our growth strategy. So we've taken share in the off-road market in Europe. And as I said, we've done really well in the China market as well. So we're offsetting the softness at the few large customers where market share growth was.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Dan, those are great questions. I'll answer the last one last. Yes, we do expect this to be a fifth leg to our Coatings platform. And we didn't need to do the Quest acquisition, but we wanted to do the Quest acquisition. We have, I think you know it was in our Investor deck, the refinish business, that's about $150 million pre-acquisition of Quest, and it's been growing nicely. We've been in the refinish business for 15 years and it's always been a reliable grower, it's always been a very profitable piece of our business and we've always wanted to get larger in refinish. The Quest acquisition gave us that opportunity.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Well, it's not huge, Dan. New Zealand is a small country, but we called that out because for that team in Australia, New Zealand, $10 million or $15 million of business, which is roughly what we're talking about initially is significant and more significant is that the brand – our brands are – will be more widely distributed in the New Zealand market.
Gary E. Hendrickson: It will probably. By the way, you know this business really well and you know what the product line is. This happens. We win some. There are basically two suppliers in this segment and we buy them back and forth a little bit year-in and year-out. So this is not a big deal. And it's not particularly profitable, so – but – and it usually lasts about a year before you have another opportunity to bid. So let's call it a year before we anniversary.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I think our customers understand our cost structure pretty well, Dmitry, and understand that we've got long-term relationships with most of the customers in our Coatings businesses and they understand that commodity driven fluctuations in raw material costs are not the basis to talk about structural reductions in pricing or structural increases in pricing if it goes the other way. And the impact just hasn't been significant enough, yeah, for us to engage in extremely detailed conversations with most of our customers.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I mean they're just – they're unpredictable, John, as you know. I mean we have a number of things that are in progress, nothing at $200 million, but a number of smaller ones, at least one or possibly two I would expect to come through in the balance of the year, but maybe not just – deals come and go and sometimes we pause and revisit, so we'll just have to go. But as you know, it's still a rich landscape in the paints and coatings industry particularly in Asia and in Europe still extremely fragmented. We've been a consolidator. We expect to continue to be a consolidator. And the historical growth that we've achieved through M&A as our target growth for the future which is about half of the company's growth that gets come through M&A, we expect that will be the case in future.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I don't expect a material change, Nils. I mean, we've been growing nicely with Masters and they are about 10% of our business in Australia and so a modest change in their plans doesn't impact us very much.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yeah. The coil business also as part of the mix grew in the first half of this year. Remember, we had very difficult weather conditions in the first half of last year, so coil mixed heavier in the portfolio this year.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yeah, Duffy. Thanks for the question. No, the change in our estimate does not reflect that accounting change, reclassification change because what we've done, Duffy, is we've adjusted both years.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: So we're looking at an apples-to-apples sales number for the full year end for the individual quarters. So really it's just updating our expectations around what we've seen happened with FX since our Q1 call and it's about, call it, $50 million to $60 million sales impact due to worse FX since our last estimate.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: I think most of it will be wrapped up by Q1 next year, Duffy. I mean there might be immaterial parts certainly in the first part of Q2, but as we get through the first quarter of next year, we'll have anniversaried most of the product line-up change.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Well, our teams have done a great job winning new business in that space. That's one driver. The other driver, as I mentioned in, I think, in the Q&A session, is that we talked in the first half of last year about softer results due to the abnormally cold weather and wet weather in Q1 and Q2. So we're lapping some – a little bit easier compares, but the vast majority of the reason is our team did a nice job winning new business.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: I think as we've also talked about in the past, our business there, we spent last few years restructuring the cost base of the business. So, it's highly sensitive to improvement based on adding incremental volume. So, examples of adding Mitre 10 really helps build the infrastructure of the business and allows us to get to the level of profit that we anticipated from the Australian portfolio.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yeah. Good morning, Vincent. Thanks for your question. Yeah, a lot of companies I know consider the other part of their portfolio to be primarily corporate expenses and things of that nature. I just remind people on the call that for Valspar that other business segment includes our internal and external resin business. It also includes some of our furniture protection business that we have and it's got some corporate expenses in there as well. The biggest change in the improvement in that segment during the quarter was really the performance of our resin business. Our resin business has been increasing volumes, high single digits and doing a nice job of growing their portfolio both in the Q1 and Q2 with a much smaller part of the change was really timing of corporate expenses within the quarters. But again, biggest element is business driven volume increase from our resin business.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yeah. So let's go back once. You're correct. We commented that the impact of the Quest acquisition, which is expected to be accretive, but not significant for the year will roll in the full impact of that after we close of the deal and when we talk about our Q3 results. From an EPS standpoint, excluding the Quest business, what I said was we've lowered our sales guidance slightly simply to reflect our updated view of what we think FX is going to do for the year, so we'll see where that actually lands. The other comment we made in our prepared remarks is that why we expect our gross margin rates to improve in the back half of the year, they will not be at the same rate that we experienced in the second quarter because of the anniversarying of some of the benefits we saw in the back half of last year especially Q4 and the fact that we see some of the prices in the marketplace firming as we look into the back half at this point in time. So we do expect gross margin expansion in the second half, just not at the rate we saw in the second quarter.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yeah, Dmitry, it's Jim. You went through a couple of different pieces there. Let me just break them down. So the first is that you commented on Cabot, that's really a – that's the activity we're doing this year...
Jim L. Muehlbauer: ...in the Ace stores. So it really doesn't have – but doesn't put pressure on this year's results. Obviously, it's a tailwind. In the North American business, if you recall, in Q1 and especially Q2 of last year, we were just finishing the build-out of the over 3,000 Ace stores with the Valspar brand. We also launched Valspar Reserve at Lowe's, a lot of those sales got loaded in Q2 – our fiscal Q2 last year so that our retail partners could sell them during the paint season. So we'll see some of the pressure of those headwinds mitigate in Q3 in the business. The pressure that we have from the product lineup change in Lowe's, though, it's going to continue through the balance of the year and into the first quarter.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: No, it's pretty similar in really Q2 to Q4. It'll be a little heavier during the key paint season in Q3, but not meaningfully.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yeah, John, a couple of things. So we'll put this business like we have our existing auto refinish business in the Paints segment. So our EBIT margins are actually a little better in this business and our EBITDA margins will even be greater because the thing that I called out in my comments as well is we're going to have some non-cash amortization that's going to impact EBIT margins. But I think as we look forward into the synergies not unlike the deals the company's historically done like Inver, we're going to have manufacturing synergies, we're going to have commodity synergies, and most importantly, we're going to have sales synergies being able to leverage both of the companies' products against the existing distribution networks in the companies. So looking at a EBITDA margin, call it, roughly 18% today that can continue to grow over time with those synergies and go north of 20%, we think it's a great attractive business to not only deliver higher bottom-line results but also to accelerate the top-line in our refinish business.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yeah, minimum. We want to get a full year behind us, certainly with B&Q where our focus right now, John, as Gary mentioned, is on winning with that retailer, winning with consumers of that marketplace and seeing how the business plays out with the full year of advertising, full year of training and support of the stores. That will put us in a good position to read out either a) how we should make some modest adjustments to the model; or b) can give us continued confidence that we can invest behind that with other retailers in the marketplace. But it's good to get a full year's result behind us through a full paint season to understand how the consumers are reacting to the value proposition.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yeah. I think so. I mean really at the end of this year, we'll probably have a full year of a complete set underneath of our belt, good time to re-evaluate.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: Yeah. It's primarily coming from the performance in our Asia business. So if I blend the two quarters together, I probably have a more representative run rate. There are some changes that have been taking place in the Asian marketplace around the government providing – or requiring taxes on certain types of solvent-based products. So we believe we have some customers pre-order some inventory in advance of those regulatory changes. So really if you look at blending of the two quarters together, we probably have a more representative, very strong run rate in that business and the North American business has performed pretty consistent in both those periods.
Jim L. Muehlbauer: No, it's really all translation and just given the mix of the business we have in each of those markets. As you would imagine, some of our European businesses aren't at the same margin levels as our established, more profitable North American count – as our established more profitable North American counterparts. So it really has more to do with the regional mix of EBIT.
