Robert J. Wells: Well, clearly, we're most optimistic about U.S. architectural market. And we do believe that residential will probably be the strongest driver in that market again. But just as a reminder to everyone on the call, U.S. architectural gallons typically grow at a rate in the range of GDP. And even in a recovery year, if you consider 1.5x to 2x that rate, you're still in the, probably, 3% to 4% range for U.S. architectural volume.
Robert J. Wells: I'd say it was probably very consistent, Chris, with the kind of the overall market environment. We have said that, for a long period of time, that the new construction market would account for somewhere in the 20% to 25% demand for architectural coatings. That was probably a little depressed from that number because we still have not seen the kind of rebound, both in housing, as well as commercial start. So -- let's assume in the high teens was the amount of the gallons that were used for new construction. The remainder would have been for maintenance and redecorating.
Robert J. Wells: Well, we've commented for a long period of time that our expectations are flat, low single-digit sales growth for this group. And this comes from the dynamics of the competitive landscape that we've created for ourselves in the United States. So the particular retail partners that we enjoy the business with will -- we benefit when they grow and improve. And time will tell how that all shakes out.
Robert J. Wells: So we would see those immaterial in the first quarter, and you're still expecting a close by the end of the quarter.
Robert J. Wells: I think a low single-digit inflation expectation across our total raw material basket is not -- I don't think that's a dire outlook. Certainly, not relative to our expectation over the past few years at the beginning -- at this time in the year.
Robert J. Wells: Well, our intentions have always been to continue to organically open stores throughout Canada, following our Stores model. And one of the real bright spots in this potential Comex acquisition is a brand called General Paint that operates out of British Columbia. And that will bring a significant store count boost to our plans in Canada. So we would expect to make significant progress in Canada this year organically, and then maybe get a real shot in the arm when we get this transaction closed.
Robert J. Wells: Silke, clearly, the chloride producers have been talking about soft market conditions and weak demand all year long. And whether that is truly weak global demand or less than robust demand partially offset or partially satisfied by increasing sulfide capacity is hard to tell. But we suspect that it might be some of the latter.
Robert J. Wells: I think it's probably a hybrid of both of those. Their model would indicate that because they have such a strong distribution network and they're selling to the professional painting contractor, they would have participated in more the Mexican market growth scenario. And we think Mexico actually is a pretty good place right now. Their GDP outperformed the U.S. this past year. Their housing markets and their commercial construction businesses were stronger than ours were. So their performance should mirror closer to that. We have not commented on this private company's results yet. And we will, obviously, when we close, give you a lot more transparency there, John. But at this point in time, I think you just have to kind of look at the Mexican GDP market and know that Comex would be a good proxy for this same kind of businesses, housing, et cetera, that we enjoyed through our Stores business year.
Robert J. Wells: Thanks, Jesse. Let me wrap of this morning by asking you all to save the date of Thursday, May 23, on your calendars. That's the day we'll host our annual financial community presentation at our headquarters in Cleveland, Ohio. The program will consist of our customer in morning presentations with Q&A, followed by a reception and lunch. Again, that date is Thursday, May 23. We'll be sending out invitations and related information in the weeks ahead. Thanks for joining us today. And thank you, as always, for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
Sean P. Hennessy: And this is Sean Hennessy. And on top of that, when you talk about this gallonage, when you start looking at this guidance, again, last year, when you look -- and we will just talk about stores. Stores for the year, the selling price was up single -- mid-single digits. This year, we really have very slight pricing in our guidance this year. So we're going up against that pricing that we had last year. And so the sales are really more indicative of higher percentage of unit growth.
Sean P. Hennessy: Actually, global finishes, when we take a look at the quarter, performed very close to what we had expected. And I will tell you that the sales were in the high end of the range. It really was because of stores being a little bit stronger than what we've thought. As far as the 3 segments, I'm not prepared -- I don't have -- when you look at the automotive and so forth, we're not prepared to go through that.
Sean P. Hennessy: And the other thing, P.J. This is, again, Sean Hennessy. When you speak of operating margins, I would say that a lot of this, the infrastructure, the admin costs, the percent of sales, those are the things that you're going to see up -- are going to see operating margin from us expand from these, but more from infrastructure and those type of SG&A efficiencies.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, I think this is actually, we try to use the word internal. And if you -- and I'm just going to go back a year. If remember in the third quarter of 2011, we did bring the inventory in line. And the reason we did that is in the first half of the year in 2011, we are coming -- we're anniversarying the shortages in some of, some products that we needed and we overspent in 2010. So we allowed the inventory to build in 2011. In third quarter, we allowed that inventory to drop, which depressed Consumer Group's operating margin. And what we said at that time is this was a little abnormal for us in the fourth quarter when you look at the year. So if you look at the third quarter 2011 in Consumer, the operating margin was depressed. The fourth quarter was a little higher than normal. And now we're anniversarying those situations. So it's internal inventory. Our inventory remains fairly flat in the third quarter in Consumer, and then it dropped in the fourth quarter, which is more normal for our sales curve and in our history of our company. So this year, the third quarter operating margins for Consumer was very strong. This year, the fourth quarter was depressed. And for the full year, the consumer group had really nice operating margins. Next year, I don't expect that third and fourth quarter adjustment to occur again. So it will be more normalized next year.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think that if you take a look at it, we prefer not to do that. I mean, we really don't do that. But I think what you can probably tell is we're -- Store Group, with the unit volume, will probably be the strongest.
Sean P. Hennessy: Just as you mentioned, the ROS that we -- margin that we did run the Stores Group this year was an all-time high, clips in the prior by 15 -- it was 15.5 the prior high. This year, 15.9. So when we used to talk about the 15.5 years ago, we'd say that's -- we don't think that's the top. We think if we continue to -- can get admin as a percent of sales down and other types of admin costs we think that we can beat it. We feel the same way of the 15.9. I don't think that next year, our management -- we still believe that we're going to have incremental flow-through that's very strong, as long as the market continues to recover.
Sean P. Hennessy: I'm just trying to pull out the press release. But I think in the first quarter, we gave you guidance of low-single-digit and mid-single-digit for the year. That would tell you that the second, third and fourth quarter is going to be stronger than the first quarter as far as year-over-year comparisons. And so, secondly, if you sit there and say, well, if start adding the 2 years together. Again, first quarter last year was the quarter, if you remember, stores grew kind of 20 -- approximately 20% comp store gain, and nearly half of that was price, whereas for the full year, we ended up with the mid-single digits for price. So as we go along, we're going to go have that hurdle of the price not helping us as we go along. So when you go from the first quarter at mid -- at low-single digits to mid, we see it exactly -- probably a little differently than you do.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think, it goes back to, Dmitry, I don't know how long you've been -- I lost track of when you started covering us, but prior to 2008, we used to give $0.10 guidance...
Sean P. Hennessy: Range. For the range. And when you take a look at what's happened, we actually at one year, we came out with $1 range. We said our EPS would come in between $3 and $4.
Sean P. Hennessy: And we actually came in at $3.78 that year. And when you take a look at it, it was because of the variability that was going on in raws and the markets. And there was a lot of different names that was going on in 2009, 2010. And as we said back then we got a lot of pressure: "Why did you widen it too far?" We said as we get more and more clarity, you'll see us reduce the size of this, the range.
Sean P. Hennessy: Dennis, that was the hardest part to do this guidance. Because whether we complete the Comex deal or not, we're going to pay that interest. But we do have a factor -- we have a couple different scenarios when Comex occurs and so forth, I will tell you our guidance right now does show stock repurchase.
Sean P. Hennessy: We're a little higher than what we experienced the last 2 years, last year with the adjustments in the IRS and this year, when we came in at 31.1%. We think that we're going to be a little higher than that 31.1%, but no higher than 33%.
Sean P. Hennessy: Well, we don't want to go through line by line and tell you our guidance. But I think, mathematically, I think it's pretty easy to do if you use a tax rate a little higher than have today. Interest $20-some million higher than today. And you back in and if you use a slightly smaller share count, it's going to tell you what our operating margin is there. There is going to be improvement there. And so if you show the SG&A as a percent of sales improving, and I think that you can back into the gross margin if there's going to be gross margin improvement this year.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, I think we did exactly say that, Matt, that our sales, both to our customers and their out-the-doors lagged the same sales performance that we're seeing through our own stores. Time will tell as we get into the selling season and come through the winter weather and that the spring paint season picks up for these folks. But our share position there has been maintained with the exception of the Walmart business, which we've commented on in the past. We did take some additional private label business there, that we're shifting from our manufacturer to a competitors' sourcing. And that was somewhat of an impact. But even factoring that out, this was a fairly flat performing segment for us.
Sean P. Hennessy: No, our unit inventory is down. We're in pretty good shape with inventory. But there was improvement with terms and so forth.
Sean P. Hennessy: Very little, Chuck. I think that -- you can imagine, we have some advisers that we are working with, but I would say it's going to be really immaterial to our first quarter.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. The quarter that the close, you're going to have the inventory step-up. You' going to have some other expenses, onetime only expenses that quarter will definitely be -- will be dilutive from the Comex acquisition because of those first quarter expenses, then it'll start to be accretive.
Sean P. Hennessy: No, I think, when you start taking -- look, this is when you start asking sequentially. It's probably your answer there, sequentially, you can see that. But I think that if you go quarter-over-quarter, that first quarter, that gross margin was really depressed because the raws we're anniversarying and so forth and we were putting the price increase in. But we do expect to have gross margin improvement in the first quarter. And -- or else, we would it be able to get over that great quarter we had. But sequentially, I can understand your answer there.
Sean P. Hennessy: Sure. In Paint Stores Group was $96.2 million. In Consumer Group, it was actually backwards, $1.3 million. In the Global Finishes Group, $26.9 million. In the Latin America Group, it was an increase of $4.4 million.
Sean P. Hennessy: And if I may, the other thing that we've definitely are investing in is IT systems. If you tracked our company for quite a while back in the '90s, working capital was in the high-teens, almost 20%. We think what really help us -- what helped the operations to do that was IT. And I think we're starting to see some of that. That's going to help our cash flow, and, I think, down the road, as we continue to try to improve our cash generation for sales. So I think we're also doing that around the world as [indiscernible] bought these assets.
Sean P. Hennessy: Everything you said there is really accurate. Really, this segment was really -- when you talk about the infrastructure, we just talked about IT as well as the compensation, including that stock-based compensation, this is where the growth occurred. I think from that from that standpoint, I think you'll see that over time flatten out and, actually, especially on the infrastructure spending, it will begin to reduce. The other thing that's in this group is or in this segment is our interest expense. Our interest expense has been flat the last 2 years in that $42 million to $43 million range with the $1 billion debt that will go up $20 million. So I think that any efficiencies we get in some of the other areas are going to be offset by the interest.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, you have a good memory. We have had, over the years, a number of independent Ace dealers take on the Pratt & Lambert product line. In this environment that Ace operates in, they can endorse programs and make it available to their co-ops through their distribution channel. But most of these independent dealers do carry products that they buy outside of that Ace relationship. And so we do not have a big exposure at Ace at this point in time. And the number of dealers that do carry Pratt & Lambert may or may not elect to continue with it per their announcement of their new paint partner. So time will tell. But that would not be an issue that you would hear us commenting on as impacting the company.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. I think that, and that's why I also mentioned the cash flow earlier, Eric. I think some of the IT spending that we did will actually help our working capital and actually help our cash generation outside the country. And we've been working on that for many years. Again, 40 of the 70 stores came into -- were opened in the fourth quarter. And so that's -- that's a high percentage in the fourth quarter. And I think down the road, I think they'll perform just like all the other stores do. And I think that just timing has caused that. So we expect to hopefully gain market share as we continue to open stores. So I think you're going to see the same timing from the stores. And I think in the next year or 2, you're going to see some nice cash flow coming out of our nondomestic group.
Sean P. Hennessy: I would tell you, $0.97, it was $5.52 to $6.49. And so when you take a look at it, a couple of things occurred, Eric. Number one was our sales performance at Stores. I think that Stores really had a great year. I think number two was the margin improvement in Global Finishes Group. I think that was stronger than what we had expected. I think that integration, where the fourth quarter 2011 was a little heavy in SG&A because of that integration. I think that if you look at that Global Finishes Group and what they were able to do, I think those were the 2 areas. Latin America Group did improve. And Consumer, I think, was fairly close to what we expected.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, it's mostly Walmart, Silke. And as we've commented, we've been losing share inside that for a while there.
Sean P. Hennessy: The brand and material was replaced by Glidden immediately. And the significant portion of Walmart's vibe has been their private level under their Color Place brand name. And so the process there was that was to be a phase-in over a period of time. We were going from some percentage of their distributions that we supplied to significantly lower. And those adjustments were taking place in the third and fourth quarter. That's really the headwind that our Consumer Group was facing.
Christopher M. Connor: Well, obviously, we don't expect that Paints like that to continue. Those were 2 extremely large deals in our industry and the universe of property of that size and scale are diminishing. So as we have commented for many years, P.J., from our M&A strategy, there's an awful lot of small bolt-on, both technologies and controlled distribution plays. So I think that's more will likely what you'll see going forward. I don't know that these 2 deals will have a significant impact on margin. The bigger issue on margins, in our industry, as we've shared with the investment communities, has been the impact of raw material cost pressures and the ability to pass those along over a period of time. And I think those dynamics will continue to play out pretty much unchanged, regardless of these potential acquisitions that may or may not close.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Don, we would expect TiO2 pricing to be more stable in 2013 that we've seen over the past few years.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think Bob commented that we really have confidence in particularly the North American residential repaint market. And we have been accelerating in that space. We've been seeing the return of the painting contractor do a higher percentage of the purchase of architectural coatings throughout the year, and those trend lines are continuing. So despite the fact that we got a pretty high hurdle on the jump, we're giving the kind of guidance from the clarity that we can see in the quarter and we expect to be able to hit these numbers.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. So if you look at SG&A for the year, it actually was down as a percent of sales. So the fourth quarter had a little bit of acceleration. Overall, it was a kind of discipline that we could bring to managing that part that I think was at play throughout the year. We did comment about the decision to continue to heavy-up. I think we began the year with a little lower store count expectation and kind of accelerated to get to that 70 store in the fourth quarter. 40 of our 70 stores actually came in the fourth quarter this year in terms of their openings. So we were a little late-in-the-year heavy-handed in that particular area. And that's been pretty typical for the way that the stores flow in for us in past years, as well. In our expectations for next year, that SG&A will continue to improve as a percent of sales. We're going to continue to make these investments. We'll put in more stores next year than this year as we guided. So I think that it's been a pretty consistent track record here and it should continue again into 2013.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think we have commented, Kevin, along with a number of other of our global coatings competitors, who are also purchasers of this material, that there are a lot of activities under way to try to eliminate the amount of titanium load neither in a typical gallon of paint. We have talked about the ability to make those conversions to lower grades. We have titanium, particularly outside the North America, and those activities are at play as well. And I think the numbers that you hear, that perhaps 5% to -- as much as 10% of this titanium eventually can perhaps be displaced is not an inappropriate target. We've also commented that given our focus on the professional painting contractor and unwillingness to really change a lot of the raw material content in these products, who are likely to be lagger on that path, because this will be more of future products as opposed to our current product line. And I can tell you that all those activities continue to be under way with our R&D team.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Nils. As we have commented throughout our time here, that the Store growth will come literally across the entire geographic footprint that we've identified -- stores that we've managed is Canada, U.S. and the Caribbean. We have around 160 district managers, each of whom built a real estate plan. We don't have a single one of these districts that considers themself fully penetrated. So we have opportunities, literally, in every market across the United States. And typically, what we do is try to do about 70% of our store openings annually would be typical fill-ins, where we're giving one store to each of these districts. And then about 30% of that count will be more of a heavy-up concentration in markets where we're underpenetrated. We shared with the investment community that throughout all of Canada and the Western markets of the United States are where those underpenetrated markets are for us. And so we'll continue to heavy-up in those spaces. If we're successful in concluding the Comex transaction, their 300-plus store count beautifully lays over that density map and really strengthens our Canadian and Western Market store count. Even with those stores, however, we'll still be far from what we would consider to be full penetration. So this notion of continuing to add these stores at about this pace for years and years to come would remain part of our strategy. We've been talking about the ability to get to 5,000 stores throughout this North American geography. And with the addition of the Comex stores, plus the 80 stores we're planning to open this year, 70 to 80 stores that we have in the guidance, we would still be below 4,000 stores. So a long way to go.
Christopher M. Connor: I think the government actually came out this morning with the GDP estimates for the fourth quarter, which were retracted. And so when we look at our core more commercial, our protective and marine segments, commercial starts, those are things that we have a little less clarity at, Dennis. I think our guidance and our confidence really stems from this residential repaint domestic North American housing market, and that can carry us through a lot of rougher spots. And as we said, as we get into the year and we start to see a little better market dynamics unfolding, we'll be able to comment on that. But for right now, I think we're probably relying on this residential repaint market to be the driver.
Christopher M. Connor: We've been blessed with great competition for 147 years, Chuck. We absolutely expect that there'll be competition for these gallons. And we face that the dynamic every single year, and we would expect to be in that same environment again this year.
Christopher M. Connor: I'm not sure that I do. I mean, I think it's tough when you have price and then it's tough when there isn't price. We've been in this environment before. Even within the last several years, we've had periods of time when there was -- I think we went 22 months without a price increase back before this titanium run. And so we got through that segment. We had gallon gains in there against these same competitors that you're talking about. It really comes down to the quality of the product, the distribution support, the caliber of the field selling organization. These are all areas where we've been muscle-building, and we would expect to be able to actually be in a little stronger position this cycle that we were the last time, given the expansion in store counts and the widening of the gap of our service capabilities.
Christopher M. Connor: That's in the hands of the government. And we are not really able to comment on that. We would -- we'd love to be able to make that date work, but time will tell.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. I think when we made the comment, we didn't anticipate any pricing activity in the year, given where we see the raw material basket at this point in time, that guidance is as good as the word of raw material suppliers. And as we've commented frequently, we really are a raw material input cost pricer to our customers. So if we're able to maintain these kinds of raw material costs as we're entering the year or what we're forecasting the year, then we would anticipate very little pricing activity. Our last price increase was actually in February of last year. So there is a little bit of pricing still. We're at the very tail end of integrating that. So for the most part of this year, there won't be any lift from pricing activity.
Christopher M. Connor: Brian, and our margins have always been helped too as volumes increase, your point about the fixed costs of the company. So these incremental gallons start going through this entire supply chain, that has an impact on us as well, too. So for Sean's earlier answer to Dennis, if you do the math on that, I think you'll get to -- what we would expect to be another good year of margin, gross margin improvement for the company.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, given the status of their acquisition as well, which has not been finalized, I think it would just be inappropriate to make any comments about that at this time.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I don't think the store opening organic has been impacted at all by this acquisition. We are steady on this pace, 80 is a great number. We've said that's probably the sustainable number, as low as 50 to 60, as high as 100 over a long period of time, 80 is kind right in the sweet spot, on this march up to 5,000 stores. So there's been no capacity constraint or corporate constraint on our Stores Group to hold them back from growing in an appropriate pace. So I don't expect that to change. Regarding other investment opportunities there around the world for us, we have commented that after a fairly robust M&A period of building out infrastructure, both in Europe and Asia-Pacific, to service our OEM product finishes businesses that we feel comfortable with the infrastructure we have. Future acquisitions would likely be more, smaller technology bolt-ons than they would be brick-and-mortar. And the same can be said of Latin America, where we also have a pretty good infrastructure. We still remain interested in building all those businesses, and we'll look for the appropriate deals to do. North America still remains the key market where we have the ability to do open stores at this pace. And so that's where you can see us really focus our efforts going forward.
Christopher M. Connor: I think, as we've commented, Duffy, I mean, we look at the basket of raws as they impact the company as opposed to any one individual segment. We comment about individual segments when they drive the entire basket up. But as we've given guidance about what we expect that total raw material impact for the company to be this year, that would not be the level that would cause us to take pricing to our customers.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, there was a decline in TiO2 pricing in the back half of '12, which put TiO2 pricing below, certainly, below 2012 peak at year-end.
