Al Mistysyn: Hey, Jeff. This is Al Mistysyn. I would say, the Valspar performance in the quarter is really right where we expected it to be. We had a EPS guidance of $0.50, we came in about $0.49. So, the trend that you saw and the volumes which are holding up fairly well specifically on the Performance Coatings side, continued; and margin pressure that we’ve been under also continued. So, both expected in the quarter and we saw that. In the fourth quarter, certainly, we will see some pickup in our pricing activities as our price actions roll in. We’ll see some of that in our fourth quarter but we’ll see more of that in our first quarter. And with sales being a little bit lower in our fourth quarter, that’s why you see the impact of EPS in our fourth quarter, which we guided to $0.20 versus the $0.49 we saw in the third quarter.
Al Mistysyn: They are growing. Volume is growing and what we should expect to see and we’ll guide this in our 2018 guidance is what the impact of the pricing will be in.
Al Mistysyn: Kevin, really, as we go through the process of the valuation, we are reviewing that really month-to-month to finalize what values are on trademarks, customer lists and that. And what we see in that increase is a little bit of a switch from goodwill to more finite life intangibles. And that’s why you saw the increase. I don’t expect it to change materially going forward, but if it does, we certainly would give you an update.
Al Mistysyn: And Arun, what I would add to that, in the fourth quarter, we guided sales mid to high single digits. And as you know, historically, what it tells you is our paint stores group will be in the high end of that range. We will have some price in there from October and November, but you certainly are seeing volume in that forecast as well.
Al Mistysyn: Chris, I would just add, on Valspar, as we talked about on our second quarter call, Valspar had knocked out with price in the first half of the year. We talked about the six to nine-month lag that typically occurs in those businesses. And we’re -- as John mentioned, we’re out with price but we saw minimal impact on price in our third quarter as it relates to Valspar. 
Al Mistysyn: The impact on the acquisition costs are flowing through admin, which would be about $187 million of that and the rest, the amortization inventory step-up that Jane talked about would be in the Performance Coatings Group and the Consumer Brands Group. When you talk about the EBITDA and looking out, the 2.6, which was the combined entity, if I look at core Sherwin, you’re looking at an EBITDA of over 2 billion, 2.1, 2.2 billion. Valspar, historically has run about a $630 million, so a 2 billion plus the 600 gets you to 2.6. And right now, obviously I think you understand, we’re running little bit behind that for partially here seven years but in 2018 you’d expect us to pick that back up as the price increases that John talked about take effect and as the synergies flow through. And like I said, we’ll give you an update on 2018 synergies on our year-end call.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Don, I think we’d start with the sales momentum we saw in our U.S. and Canada paint stores. As we talked about in July and August -- coming out of July and August, we were running comp stores at 6.7%. As John talked about, coming out of the storms, we see that momentum continue along with the price increase that stores implemented and the effectiveness we are seeing that from October 1st; it’s helping that. And obviously, Don, with the 22% increase on core; that tells you that we are expecting gross margins to improve sequentially third quarter to fourth quarter. So, it really -- that’s really what’s driving our guidance and why we feel strong about it.
Al Mistysyn: John, I think our CapEx for this year will be about $200 million to $210 million. What you see is, it is a little bit lower run rate. As we get to the facilities and understand more about what they are doing, their capacity utilizations, we have talked about having capacity utilization, architectural in the Valspar sites. So, you won’t see us spending capital for capacity expansion that maybe we have over the last few quarters. I would say, we are really working on 2018’s plan and we will give you an update at our year-end call. But, I still think we are going to be in the target of 1.6% to 2% is still a good target. And like I said, we are working on the 2018 plan and we will give you an update.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. We saw some nice progress in general industrial, John talked about the bullish outlook we saw, also some nice movement in our industrial wood business, and that’s specifically in Asia. So, yes, across the board, we saw increases but those would be the ones that kind of led the way.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Dmitry, you’re correct. It’s very -- it’s minimal across tag. It’s really basically flat or not -- no impact on Latin America and we had a 1.5% tailwind in Performance Coatings.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. The impact on Consumer Brands was really related to the devaluation of the pound related to Brexit, and we’ve annualized that. So, in the quarter, there has really been no impact on Consumer Brands.
Al Mistysyn: No, I think Dmitry, you definitely -- as specifically Brazil, which is over half of our business and the economic issues they’ve had, as that continues to get better, we will see choppiness in our quarters. But, our expectation is that we will continue to improve over the midterm certainly and get the business back to profitability on a more consistent basis, so you don’t see these quarter to quarter swings.
Al Mistysyn: If I understood, Mike, you’re talking about our full year guidance at $15 with Valspar. Valspar will contribute about $0.80 to that and the guidance, and then that tells you that our core or legacy Sherwin EPS at $14.20 would be up 10.5% compared to last year’s $12.85, if I answered your question correctly.
Al Mistysyn: It’s very hard to give you that number based on guidance when you’re talking about all the puts and takes and the impact that Valspar has on pricing and the raw material inflation. So, what I would tell you Mike is that we’ll give you an update for the full year 2018 with Valspar and we can kind of give you an impact certainly, the interest expense on the new debt impact. So, it’s hard to get a comparable 2017 versus 2016.
Al Mistysyn: For the full year, let me just start that -- we talked about seeing about $15 million going through our P&L and we haven’t come off that forecast. However, what you saw is increase in our forecast for cost to achieve synergies in 2017, which as John talked about it in his comments was the result of some facility closings we announced in our third quarter. We really won’t see the benefit of those until late next year or early to 2019. But I would tell you we are going to increase our expected annual run rate synergies at least for this year to $160 million versus 106 that we had talked at the end of our second quarter. Your are probably going to have to wait until our year-end call to get an update on the $280 million run rate synergy that we talked about at the financial community presentation.
Al Mistysyn: So, if you look at the cost to achieve and the acquisition or purchase accounting cost, you would see in the third quarter about $87 million of that was in gross profit, primarily related to the inventory step-up. And then, you saw the rest of it or about $119 million, $120 million in SG&A related primarily to the amortization expense on the intangibles.
John Morikis: Yes. We are pretty pleased with the performance of our stores. And if you look at that progress that we have made, we have mentioned this before, our pro business, we’ll grow the pro business in our stores by 0.5 billion in the year. If you back out DIY and Protective & Marine. So, we are feeling pretty good about the momentum that we have in our stores organization. And that does, Arun, take into account also the storm. So, we talked about the momentum that we had going into the storm, we did take a short pause in the period of the storm. And then, as we mentioned, we feel as those pick right back up where we were running.
John Morikis: Yes. I don’t think we are going to have to wait till the end of the year. Although the largest majority of it will likely come towards the end of the year. We are as we’ve talked before, very determined in our efforts here in. And we are going to start seeing -- we will start to see some of that benefits here in the fourth quarter, largely after the first quarter. There will be some due to some agreements that may lag even into the beginning of the second quarter but the largest part we should see the recovery back in the first quarter of next year. But, we will see some here in the fourth quarter.
John Morikis: Yes. So, in the price increase for stores, our paint stores realized about a 2.5% effective price increase in the third quarter this past year from the 3.5% -- 3, I’m sorry, 3% to 3.5% price increase effective December 1, 2016. And Chris, we existed the quarter at a slightly higher run rate than that. So, implementation of our October 1st price increase here that we just announced is in progress. And we expect the timing and effectiveness to be similar to the December increase, roughly about nine months with 75% realization. It’s fair to say, we’re obviously experiencing some margin compression across most of our lines in our businesses, which really isn’t unusual in an inflationary cycle, like we’re experiencing, but our pricing philosophy in the other segments is basically the same. When we see raw materials inflate, we pass the increases to the market in the form of these price increases. And the difference in some cases in timing between the businesses, we’re going to work with our customers to pass the raw material costs through in a manner that is least disruptive to their businesses. But, we’re out there working every day, very hard to ensure that our customers are successful, and these discussions are going very well. We’re working with our customers in a way that allows them to absorb that but we also are very firm in our need to get the price increase.
John Morikis: So, first, to if you look at that business, let’s say a business made up as you would expect of a number of different pieces and parts. And when sales were down, we mentioned that there were a number of elements or drivers behind this softness that we experienced, and so, as you would expect those number of drivers here there are leading the improved performance that we have here, most notably I would say would be our European business. In the past, we’ve talked about that business was down in the high teens through the first half and that declined to mid single digits here in the third quarter. Some of this improvement would clearly be -- we have a more favorable currency comparison, but I’d also say that our order volumes were better in the third quarter than the first half as well. Our national accounts business here, which is the largest customers segment that we have here, those would be the home centers, national hardware, other big box format, was essentially flat year-over-year in the quarter. That would suggest inventory adjustments by some of our larger customers were less prevalent here in this quarter that were just coming through. And while these signs are encouraging, as you would expect, we have higher expectations from our team. And while we are pleased with the momentum, we’ve got confidence in this team, the leadership that we’re going to continue to see momentum, and that’s where we’re focused on, is making our customers more successful what they are trying to do.
John Morikis: So, it’s around that 2 to -- maybe speaking of 2.5, Don, but probably closer to 2, and we expect that rollout in this recently announced price increase to be very similar to what we have just experienced.
John Morikis: Steve, what we look at constantly is our ability to help our customers meet their goals, as I mentioned earlier. And so, when you ask, what is it that we might do? It’s helping our customers to be more successful. We are having discussions with them on a regular basis, not just Lowe’s but every customer that we have. That’s our path to success, is making our customers successful. Regarding price, we don’t talk about price outside of our own stores. We have discussed the fact that we have clearly seen the raw material basket move and so that we’re out talking with customers in all segments of our business about the need to push pricing in but we are not going to talk about any pricing and any specific customer. But I’m going back to your point of what is that we do with our customers, as Lowe’s or any other customer that we have on that side of the business is to help them be successful.
John Morikis: Well, again, we have discussions with our customers on a regular basis. We are not going to talk about any one customer. But our goal is to clearly understand what our customers’ expectations are. We got terrific brands, products, people and services. And if we can help demonstrate to them an ability to help them reach their goal, then, we’re hopeful that we’re rewarded.
John Morikis: Yes. I would say, we’re very positive. Our team -- our leaders that lead that team have really been very bullish about, not only the core Valspar business but the sales synergies of those two business coming together are really exciting. So, yes, I’d say, we’re feeling bullish.
John Morikis: Yes. It is raw material. And so, pricing is going to be an issue. If you look at our year-to-date margins, they are much more respectable. We had some pressure in the third quarter. And as we talked about, while we don’t call out specifics with any specific customers, I would tell you that this is an area where our raw materials have moved and we’re out talking to our customers to get the increase. But as Al mentioned earlier, I think it was Jeff Zekauskas’ question regarding volume of the Valspar and our core business. Our volume in this business is very good, it’d be a different story, if we had volumes stream in the other way, but we’ve got volume. We just need to be able to get the price to offset the raw materials and we’re feeling good about our ability to do that. As I mentioned, the discussions have largely taken place; it’s a matter of timing before we start to receive it.
John Morikis: Yes. I wouldn’t call that out in any negative way at all. We’re out having pricing decisions there, we’re working hard again to help our customers be successful. I don’t think there’s anything I’d call out that’s unique about that business right now.
John Morikis: I’d say directionally, you’re heading in the right direction. And I don’t know that we give specific numbers by region, Mike. But, I’d say that if you back out the storms, our Southeast, Southwest divisions have really been lighting it up and little bit of competition between the two of those to see who can lead the race, but all of our divisions including Canada, all of them are doing very well. Look at the progress that we’re making. We talked about this last year when we were coming out of the second quarter that we were really focusing on new account activity and on share of wallet penetration. And I know we talked about this when we were together that that’s really been a focus. And we are absolutely witnessing the benefit of this program. Our leadership teams there and our teams in the field are really executing, and we’re feeling really good. So, I wouldn’t call out any one division as lagging outside of the storm impact.
John Morikis: So, the momentum that you’ve talked about, I believe this will be the 15th quarter of double digit gains in the residential repaint. And so, we are continuing to capture we believe a little more than our share. I lost the last part of your question though...
John Morikis: Yes. I’d say, the wood business was certainly strong in Asia, but having just spent some time with our wood team at the market here, I would say we are starting to see some nice progress in number of parts of the world, not only Asia. We have some good momentum there.
John Morikis: Scott, actually, if you look at the performance that we had in DIY throughout -- actually through 2016, we are in the mid single digits throughout the quarter. First quarter this year, we were up mid single digits. It was actually the second quarter of this year, we are actually flat, second quarter, and then as you mentioned here in the third quarter, high single digits. Some interesting parts there, we’re always trying to keep our fingers on the pulse to know exactly how the consumers acting and why. And I wish I was smart enough to know exactly why they are but we do know that there are some economic factors that might drive home owners to hire a painting contractor. We talked about those. Those could be driving the same thought process and to driving consumers into a specialty paint store where they want a high quality finish, and they may not want to reach all the way down to painting contractor to do the work but they want to try to get as close to the finish as possible, and so they are turning to a specialty store like ours, where the quality of products and services will help them reach that.
John Morikis: Yes, Dmitry. It’s largely to your point than impacted by the raw material costs. We’ve had TiO2 coming in from Asia that has spiked up. So, when you would expect to have some benefit, maybe from FX standpoint, you get the impact of rising raw material costs coming into the market as all products coming in there for the most part have come in at a higher price this year. So that’s largely been in the impact.
John Morikis: Dmitry, I’ve broadened it across the entire Company. I’ve tried to be very clear with this that it’s a very good question and one that we’ve tried to be as open as possible. And that is that we try every day to bring value to our customers. And when the raw material basket has moved like it has, we’re in front of our customers talking about the need to stay whole in that, and that’s across all customers, all segments.
John Morikis: Well, it’s certainly based on what we believe to protect us through 2018 but we are as determined as we can get it right, but we don’t necessarily always know the future. I would say that we don’t feel as we’re in a similar market to what we experienced in 2010 through 2012 where if you recall, we were out with six price increases in 22 months. So, we are going in with what we believe will cover us. But, I think we have demonstrated through our past practices convection and determination to protect our shareholders.
John Morikis: Scott, so, I would say, nothing has changed about our view of the world. Any bullishness that you felt continues and we feel -- I would say this way that we are more bullish than ever on this deal from both the strategic standpoint and from a synergy standpoint. This transaction is value-creating on many levels. And we are thrilled with where we are. We are thrilled with the people. We are thrilled with the products. And most importantly, we are thrilled with the customers. So, we are very excited about where we are and where we are going. The second part of your question was concerns and what might…
John Morikis: Cost is something that we deal with. We don’t like to deal with it. But, as I just mentioned on our last call that I think we have demonstrated an ability to put price in where we have to. I would say, the macro shock to the economy or some disruption of some sort that would really impact the economy on a larger scale. But right now, if you would speak to any leader inside our company, we have got a strong line of where we are going, what we are trying to do and a lot of determination to be able to do it. And that gives us confidence that we control our future and we are focused on executing to be able to win.
John Morikis: So, I would say, first, your question about the home centers activity and to the pro business, I would say that that’s always been an element of the market and one that we respect. I would say that with our customers and the focus that they have on sub-segment of that pro business where we can help them, we are determined to help them do that. In many cases, those are remodelers that are no typically in our stores and if we can help our customers to grow that business, we want to try to help them. 
John Morikis: On the labor shortage, it’s interesting, the largest percentage of the business that feels the labor restriction is in the new residential, commercial and industrial business. Some in the residential repaint but again given our 15 quarters of double-digit gains, I would say that many of our customers are finding a way to find the labor that they need. In those other areas, while we’ve been working with a number of areas to try to generate more supply of labor, the reality is, is that if in fact we were successful and we could find painting contactors or labors that could help our painting contractors. In many cases, they would still be on the job waiting, waiting for the drywallers to finish, the roofers to finish, I mean electrical, it’s a much more macro issue than just the painting contractors themselves, the much larger issue. And so, while we’re trying to help in a meaningful way, it’s a bigger issue than just the painting contractors.
John Morikis: As well as less of a requirement to come back, touch up better or be more consistent in what they are trying to do to help them get off the job quicker as well. So efficiency and stay off the job. So, it’s good point, Bob.
John Morikis: It’s really hard to quantify that. Different types of storms and different areas were affected in different ways. In Florida, while we really took a substantial hit in the number of stores that were closed, there was some flooding. In some areas, we don’t want to minimize this at all; our hearts go out to those that are affected by the storm. Fortunately, many of the areas were impacted with some water damage that could be fixed relatively quickly and then there were others that were significantly and more horrifically damaged. And those will be a longer term cycles to get back up. In Texas and in Puerto Rico, there was more damage. A smaller market, while those areas will build themselves back up and we want to help those communities, our employees and those that live in that area. It’s not going to be significant enough to move the needle. And so, we’re going to be there to help in any way we can but we don’t think that that’s going to be something that’s going to really drive our results.
John Morikis: Yes. So, Eric, as you would expect, we’re engaged with our customers; that’s not something that we lay out typically in a call like this. What you should expect is that those discussions take place regularly. We’ve got we believe terrific assortment of technologies, people and service to help our customers win but from a strategic standpoint, we don’t want to lay those out here today.
John Morikis: Yes. I’d say, we’ve spoken that that business could be a low single digit growth run for us and we feel we can capture that. And quite frankly, talking to our teams our expectations are going to be higher than that. But we feel as though there’s a lot that we can bring there. And we’re really excited about the combined company and the assets, brands. There’s a lot that we can accomplish we think. There’s a lot of institutional knowledge on both sides of our company now coming together that we’re going to try to leverage.
John Morikis: I’m not sure how to convey the conviction or confidence any higher than -- we’re going to get that Eric. We’re out there having those discussions right now. We don’t expect ever to just have something that we don’t deserve. We’re working hard. We’re working hard to improve the quality, the availability, service, people, every element of our job there. And those discussions have taken place in many cases and it’s the matter of timing. There are some that continue in dialogue and discussions but the largest part, those discussions have been resolved. And as I mentioned, you should start to see some of that in the fourth quarter. But, the lion’s share of it come in as we turn the year.
John Morikis: So, we feel as though in China, we have a terrific platform to continue to grow and perhaps even better leverage. We do feel as though the technology, as I just mentioned and I think that discussion may have taken as a more North American focused discussion. But, when we’re looking at this consumer business where we talk about all the markets that we participate in now, so when you look at that market and the brand that we believe can be better leveraged, we are excited about supplying not only the technology that exists in our combined company around the world but there is a lot of institutional knowledge that we want to bring to that market as well and to take advantage of the opportunity that exist in the market. Our market share there, I’ll just say, there are plenty of opportunities for us. So, we are working with our team to identify those assets that exist inside the Company that can help them better perform in the market.
Bob Wells: Ghansham, this is Bob. We normally give the 2018 raw material outlook at the end of the year, simply because our vantage point is better at year-end, and that’s particularly true here and the reason being that as you all know, Hurricane Harvey disrupted a meaningful amount of the global chemical supply sector, and that caused some short-term shortages and tightness in a lot of the feed stocks. The fact of the matter is at this stage, we don’t know what short-term means. And moreover, there are some things we do know. We know that the availability of a lot of the monomers are improving but MMA in particular continues to be tight and is likely to be tight through 2018. We know that the global TiO2 market remained tight and that has facilitated price increase announcements in late second quarter, early third quarter and against the fourth quarter they captured a fair amount of the 2Q, 3Q increase. We’re somewhat skeptical of their ability to capture the fourth quarter, but whatever they capture in second quarter, third quarter, obviously is going to carry into 2018. But the big question is, how much of the impact -- the short-term impact of the storms on the petrochemical sector are going to carry over into 2018 and we just don’t know that yet. We think the raw material basket at this point is tracking year-over-year in about the 6 to 6.5% range. And if you assumed that raw materials were stable from here through 2018, that would put you in the low to mid single digit inflation range.
Bob Wells: Yes. Chris, this is Bob. I would say that despite the fact that turnover has been slow due to lack of available inventory, remodeling has been very strong. I mentioned at our financial community presentation that as much as 20% of the residential repaint has historically been driven by existing home turnover. We don’t think that’s true at this point in this cycle. We think a higher share, the remodeling activity is being done by stay in place home owners and driven at least in part by rapidly rising home equity. While we would like to see more inventory available, we would like to see stronger turn over, it doesn’t seem to be dampening the rate of residential remodel and repaint activity. On the new residential side, it’s been a really pretty strong story, despite the fact that there are constraints to the market in labor and land availability. Single family starts are up about 9% year-to-date and completions are up a little more than that, new homes sales are up high single digits and home builder orders at least as of the second quarter were into the double digits. So, the new residential market of which we have substantial share is driving significant growth. Even in non-residential and I know you didn’t ask about that but non-residential, we’ve been seeing mid to upper single digit growth in starts, in square footage under construction and a little stronger than that in completions. So, all of the drivers of our paint stores group pro business appear to be, I wouldn’t say firing on all cylinders but certainly strong enough to drive the kind of volume growth that we’re seeing.
Bob Wells: On the lower ends of our sales curve. So, Mike, I think what you’re going to see is that you saw it in our first quarter, we had a 7.5% comp on top of a 9.4% comp in the first quarter of 2016. And as our guidance suggests, mid to high single digits will tell you that our U.S. paint stores have to be in the high end of that range on top of 5.5% comp last year. So, we definitely are seeing higher percentage increases in our off quarters, if you will.
Bob Wells: And Scott I would just add to that that the real difference between the mid single digit growth that we saw all last year and the upper single digit growth we saw in the third quarter was price. Volume growth was pretty consistent. 
Bob Wells: Yes, it actually is. In fact, we commented that we’ve seen that business go positive early in the year, in the first and second quarter. It continues to show -- to build momentum through the third quarter. Our third quarter was stronger than second quarter. We credit that to both our success in as we called it pivoting to key markets that are showing growth like bridge and highway, water and waste water and some of the others, and improving conditions in the end markets that have been in steep decline, particularly oil and gas. And I should point out that our Protective & Marine business was also positive in Latin America in the third quarter.
Bob Wells: I do think it’s also important to point out that we were out communicating about our October 1st price increase with our customers before Hurricane Harvey made landfall. So, the impact on the petrochemical sector of the hurricanes that hit at the end of August and early September were not contemplated in that price increase. But, as I indicated earlier, we think a lot of that -- the cost increases as a result will be short-term in nature and we will just have to see how 2018 unfolds.
Bob Wells: I would add to that that for decades, we’ve been helping contractors with labor issues by creating products that make them more productive. And it has been the focus of our R&D effort for a long time, is to get contractors on and off the job faster; that also helps in cycles where they are labor constrained. Using more productive products and formulas can help them do more jobs in less time. 
Bob Wells: Thank you, Jessie. As always, I will be available over the next few days to answer any additional questions that arise as you digest this morning’s call. If you’d like to be placed in the queue for a follow-up call, please call Kristy Johnson at 216-566-3001, and she will add you to the callback queue. Again that number is 216-566-3001. I’d like to thank you again for joining us today and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
