John Morikis: Sure. Let me start with the volume piece, and I'll have Al talk to the pricing. You're exactly right. We're feeling terrific about the volume and the momentum that we have in our stores organization. Had a number of opportunities to talk with not only our customers but our employees, and there's an overall feeling of confidence in the year, many, many customers talking about this being a record year for them. And I'd say the confidence is very strong.  So you're right, we got off to a little slower start in a smaller quarter. Not too concerned with that. Feeling good about the key drivers that we've been talking about for quite some time, the continued focus on new accounts and share of wallet of existing customers. So the team is executing extremely well. We have great confidence this is going to be a terrific year for our stores.
John Morikis: One other thing I'd add to that, Arun, we also look at some of the purchases of our customers to give us even more confidence. If you look at spray equipment purchases, for example, those were up double digits. The whole basket, if you look at those things that we look at internally to try to get a sense of how confident our customers are, they're all pointing terrifically in the right direction. 
John Morikis: Yes. Why don't I take the same approach here? I'll talk about just the market here for just a moment, and then I'll have Al talk about the pricing. But you're exactly right. If you look at consumer, for example, and the way that we're running this business and the way that we look at the results, it's a combined business. The combined business for consumer was up 3.8%. And when I say it's combined, it's really one integrated organization now. We don't run separate businesses between the consumer, architectural and legacy SHW. There's one leadership team. There's one marketing team, one sales organization.  And quite frankly, they're the furthest along in the integration. So they're working hard trying to be as responsive as they can to our customers' needs without regard to what brand they're selling. And when you look at the performance that they're posting, we feel pretty good about their position and the momentum that they have.
John Morikis: Yes. Let me just give you a couple of comments on performance coatings from a market side of it. If you look at the momentum that they have, Arun, if you look at just going back to Q3, their sales were up 5.8%; Q4, up 6.9%; and then this most recent quarter, up 9.8%. And they're showing improvement year-over-year in their operating profit.  So the profit, if you look at a pro forma basis for that same Q3 period, was down 15.9%; Q4, down 8.7%; in this most recent quarter, down 1.5%. None of us were happy with down 1.5% but it does illustrate the momentum that we're gaining here while growing our sales. And this is a team that's very determined in what they're doing, and we've got great confidence that they're going to continue to gain traction here. 
John Morikis: I'll describe it as they are rowing in, there are continued pricing activities that continue but there are a number of agreements that have already been established that we are waiting for the timing to click in as well. So its a combination of those price agreements that we’ve already hit on as well as those that are continuing to be implemented.
John Morikis: And Chris on Latin America, I'll take that. As a reminder, Latin America represents about 3.9% of our sales. From a sales and volume perspective, all countries were positive both in volume and sales. Pricing continues to improve with more pricing rolling in. So same activities there that we just talked about. We've achieved some pricing, but we're working hard to drive additional pricing as well as other margin initiatives internally that we can pursue. Additionally, we're focused on pursuing more profitable segments and price points and customers, as you would expect, while continuing to look for additional synergy opportunities. So we didn't expect to go from a standing start here to a full sprint. This is kind of the path that we expected to see as we saw improvements in Latin America. So I'd say, it's progressing not fast enough for us. We want to move faster, and we're continuing to work with our teams to gain traction at a faster rate.
John Morikis: Sure there are, to begin with there are some incredible sale synergies that our teams are working on. We're very excited about not only the pipeline or funnel, if you will, of existing identified sale synergies, but we're adding to those projects and programs every day. And so the more we work at identifying sales synergies, I'd tell you that the more we're finding the teams are energized and accelerating that.  So I think, first and foremost, the combined businesses are going to be much stronger and more meaningful, we believe, in the marketplace. And our continued efforts there will be to identify more. Now that said, there's a lot of work that we can do to continue to improve our performance back. And by segment, each of those business units have identified those levers where we can pull and drive results. But I'd say, when you look at the Valspar business and the transaction, we've always said we had high expectations in our ability to achieve the value capture. We knew we could get the costs out, and we're working aggressively to that.  And more confidence now than ever that we're going to be able to achieve that. But I'd also say that we have more confidence than ever in the sales synergies that are out there. And so our teams are working to identify those segments, those customers and how to better leverage the combined assets to drive the complementary nature of this business.
John Morikis: Let me take a piece of that, Steve, and then I'm going to have to turn it over to Al. I will say this that our expectations here are to help drive Lowe's business. And so to answer it, it's a little bit of both. There are certainly some expenses that we're investing in. So we're adding additional people, for example, to be a little closer to the sales associates, to ensure better execution on the sales floor, right? So doing more of what we've done and wanting to drive better results requires a little different behavior. We think helping to have the sales associates become more familiar and comfortable with a simplified product lineup and technology, helping them to sell better in the aisle, all those things, we think, are better off with the additional investments that we're making.  When you look at the earnings release that we've posted, where this $0.40 hits in here and hits our EPS, part of that comes from the fact that, to your point, some of it hits in the third and fourth quarter, with very little sales recognition hitting this year. Let me just ask Al to touch on that a little bit.
John Morikis: Not so much in the model, Steve, but we are in other areas. We feel as though we've got quite a bit to bring to that business in technology and the approach to growing our business that we're transferring there.
John Morikis: So I would say the quarter did come in a little bit better than what we're planning. We did have a lower tax rate in the quarter due to some discretes – the timing of some of the discrete items. But you look at the strength in our Consumer Brands and our Performance Coatings businesses, both outperformed even what our expectations were. So that's really why the quarter came in better. As far as weather is concerned, it's hard to pinpoint an exact amount on what the impact is in the quarter.
John Morikis: Yes, we have had a lot of discussion about that, Ghansham. And overall, I'd say, at this point, we still feel pretty good about the contractors' ability to maintain what they are calling or what they're projected to be a record year. We're working hard to help them with that. We’ve talked a lot about the products have been developed to help their productivity and the services that we provide in our stores to be able to help them be responsive.  So it's going to be a push as we have a lot of people working hard on weekends and long hours. But right now, I'd say we're still confident in our ability to turn this into an outstanding year
John Morikis: Absolutely having more volume better than shutting down facilities. But I think the teams is still on pace to rationalize the four facilities that they had talked about late last year, and that'll roll in, in our third and fourth quarters. And I think that team does a great job of finding capacity within the four walls that allows us to take on incremental business without adding significant assets or requiring us to keep the fixed assets.
John Morikis: Yeah, so when you look at our businesses, naturally, they don't move consistently across each business in one direction. So we have seen, in any region, some businesses performing better than others. But overall, collectively, those businesses are performing quite well. We've got a lot of confidence in the team. And I referenced just the terrific talent that's come from Valspar and the relationships that they have with their customers are just outstanding.  So a little bit of choppiness, I think, is pretty normal. We've got a lot of confidence in the team. And as we combine these businesses, as I mentioned earlier, then we have a lot of synergies for growth. 
John Morikis: Yeah, so there is a terrific opportunity there. When you thing about the painting contractor that's painting every day, they typically have gravitated towards a specialty paint store, and we work hard to make that easy for them. But there is an entire customer base when you think about the home centers. People that use paint in part of their projects or part of a remodel project that is a little more difficult for our teams to reach through a specialty store. So we think it's a terrific opportunity for us, along with our customer, Lowe's, to better penetrate that. And we don't think at all that it's cannibalizing our core business. It's typically customers that are in home centers that are purchasing other products, be it drywall or plumbing or whatever it might be and using paint as part of that project. And we're really excited about working with our customer to reach those customers in a new and increased rate. 
John Morikis: I’d say, when you think about this, when you think about the cost of goods, the raw materials represent 85% of the cost of goods. When the basket moves, you really need to get it. And our view is clearly on adjusting to the basket as it moves. I'd say that because nearly everyone probably has similar dynamics, many would feel the same pressure and probably have to take the same type of activities they hold. But we're more focused internally then we are from a competitive standpoint, and we let them make their decisions. We know we have to make ours.
John Morikis: Well, we don't talk about specific pricing or customers. But I would tell you that the value here is in the branding and the opportunity to help our customer reach their goals. We clearly have a raw material basket that's moving. We think it's just good practice for us to have open discussions with our customers about our need to remain whole to be able to serve their business and help them grow. And so that's the nature of our business. We're not going to give any specifics, but I would say that it's going to help our profitability.
John Morikis: No. If I understand your question correctly, we're going to have a little bit of drag that Al talked about that. That's the $0.40 that we talked this year as the cost moves in. But moving forward, next year, we expect that's going to help us, and our goal is going to be to grow that in both sales and profitability going forward, not just the one year.
John Morikis: The market is definitely starting to show positive signs. I think our teams are executing well. But again, I want to be very clear. While we're pleased with the progress, there's a lot of work for us to continue to work on. And our teams are really honkered down trying to do the right things here.
John Morikis: Bob, we have a terrific procurement team, as you know, and our goal is to do what's right. If they feel though – as though there's some benefit to lock up a piece or part of that, they have the ability to do that. We're not convinced that it has to be a one or zero here. We're looking at what's best for our shareholders long-term, and we'll take the appropriate action as they see fit.
John Morikis: Yes. So Mike, we did not begin to see the benefit of the new agreement at this point. The growth primarily came through North America through a cross-section of customers, but primarily in the national retail category. And I'll remind you the Consumer Group pursues four segments. There's national retail, MRO in commercial; other retail; and as you mentioned, Europe and a small business in Asia there. The other thing – other point before talking about those other areas, I'd say, we did face a softer comp in the first quarter. So we did have a benefit of that as well. But when you look at the numbers, if we're going to move the needle, it's going to be in North America. The European business and Asia offer opportunities, but there's much smaller businesses. So there's a lot of effort going on there as the synergy opportunities are explored for technology and transfer just institutional knowledge, going both ways. But the reality is if we're going to be successful here, we've go to move the North American needle, and that's what we're working on the most.
John Morikis: Yes, we don't break out gross margin specifically in the guidance. But what I would just say is, as we talked about, our first half would be our toughest comparison on a raw material basis year-over-year. If raw materials trend like we believe they will, we should see sequential improvement. And I'll go back also, the original EPS guidance at $19.05, it's a 26% improvement. And embedded – implied in that is gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage. That's the only way you can – we can get to those numbers.
John Morikis: I think out of respect to our customers, both Home Depot and Lowe's, we're going to allow them to announce when the different brands will be or will not be available.
John Morikis: Yes, so if I didn't speak to the synergies, then the work that the team is doing on the Performance Coatings side, then that was an error on my part. A lot of good work and really terrific effort on the part of the Performance Coatings team as well. So yes, there are going to be synergies there. I will say that there are energies going to hit in 2018. And then as you look ahead, from a manufacturing standpoint, there'll be additional opportunities from an asset rationalization standpoint in the future that'll take a little bit longer as we get systems and processes in place to look at those outside of the U.S. that will benefit the Performance Coatings business the most.
John Morikis: Yes. So I mentioned this briefly earlier that the way this business is managed and run now, it's very difficult to account for a sale or synergy on one side or the other. So as we brought the businesses together, for example, the sales organization is a combined sales organization. There were some sales reps that – there are some sales reps that were previously from Valspar, some from Sherwin-Williams, same with products. And so this is an area, as I mentioned, that we made the most progress in integration. So it's very, very difficult to account one side or the other. Our focus here is purely on doing what's right for the customer. And so if selling a gallon of Sherwin or a gallon of Valspar is what's right for the customer, we're pursuing that. We're adding that up and giving you that information as a legacy Valspar, legacy Sherwin. But it's not the way we are running the business, and it really doesn't account for the overall synergies and efforts that are taking place. It's probably the most area that's – the area that's most gray amongst all of them.
John Morikis: Naturally, the interior was much stronger in the first quarter so there were high single-digit gains in interior and we were positive in the low or mid-single exterior. This time of year, we would expect to see more exterior gallons going out in the Southeast and Southwest than what we did and Eastern’s impact was probably significant as well. Not so much that they saw the impact on exterior, but just on completion of projects certainly has an impact on business there.
John Morikis: Well, it's every element of the business, Scott. If you start with the fact that we've got a partner here, who is committed to us and us to them in this area of their business, so the opportunity to work collectively on a brand assortment, the training of their people, the simplified branding if you just look at it from that standpoint, instead of having two or three different brands in there, with sales reps all calling on the sales associate giving their feelings on which is the right product to sell and what's situation, the ability to better train and have them more knowledgeable about the product technology, I mean, every aspect of the business, we think, is terrific and meaningful. And when you look at the alignment that we have there, we think it's going to be a big win. Now that said, we talk a lot about their performance in North America. Their partners outside of that specific customer had a terrific first quarter as well. We've got great relationships with other customers that we're continuing to work, if it's Ace or Menard's or a whole host of other customers doing extremely well. So we're very pleased, and we're very focused on doing what's right for each one of these customers, and we think we've got some good momentum.
John Morikis: Well, there are two different areas there, Dmitry, right? There is the architectural type customers that apply wood in homes as well as the manufacturing. And there is a trend to having more of that product manufactured in a factory as opposed to staying and finished on projects.
John Morikis: I'd say it's probably neutral. I mean, maybe – yes, it's an opportunity for us. When you look at our market share there, Dmitry, there's tremendous upside, and that's what we are focused on.
John Morikis: Well, I wouldn't say that any pricing is easy, Chuck. What we're trying to do is, I think we have done historically and Valspar has done historically as well, and that is continue to provide products and services that allow our customers to be successful. We're in the solutions business, right? So we're bringing products and services that help them reach their goal. And when our raw material basket moves, we have open discussions with them to help them understand what's happening from our cost standpoint. But I'd say this. It's not so much the discussion or that meeting that determines our success, Chuck. It's what we do all year. When we're working for our customers on a regular basis, helping them reach their goals, then as our cost goal, we are much more likely to be successful and having those cost discussions than having to come down to one discussion if you failed all years. So we're working hard every year to provide the great products and services that allow us to be successful when our raw material basket moves.
John Morikis: The answer to your first question, I'd say that it is an important part of our service model. So the idea of being able to serve our customers with our fleet is one component, John, of what I just mentioned, having good service all year. We have about 700 drivers that operate 550 tractors, and they're an important part of our team. And so the ability to serve customers as a result of having our own drivers allows our drivers to make nighttime deliveries, for example, in our stores so that our store people could be more focused on our customers. To your point about the flexibility, we can be responsive as opportunities arise to be there when our customers need us. As far as the costs, we have terrific retention of our employees, including our drivers because we pay a very competitive wage, and we'll continue to do that. There's not been significant price or cost increases here, but we're also very sensitive to what's happening in the market to make sure that we're paying our drivers appropriately.
John Morikis: So on the timing of the Lowe's program, I would say it's going to be more heavily weighted to our third and fourth quarters. As far as the synergy, Patrick, like I said, it's pretty, pretty even throughout the quarters but a little more heavily weighted to our first and second quarters. And on the raw – just the pure raw material dollars, the $110 million, I think, you said, sounds a little bit heavier than what I would say but not really materially off.
John Morikis: Yes. So the packaging business is our fastest-growing business in our Performance Coatings business. So we're thrilled with the momentum that we have there. The team is executing, and quite frankly, the technology that we have, we think we have a very unique technology that has really been very well accepted by our customers. And it's growing in acceptance here. And we're thrilled with it. It's performing very well. And from a market share standpoint, we think we're doing quite well.
John Morikis: Well, again, another strong performing area for our Performance Coatings business. They are having very good progress or they're making very good progress in various segments and different geographies around the world. So earlier there was a question about choppiness, and I made the comment about that it's not every business in every segment moving straight line. So here in the GI business, there are segments in, for example, North America that are doing very well, that may not be as performing strongly in other parts of the world. But collectively, that business is performing very well. Again, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, it's in the top two or three of the Performance Coatings segment.
John Morikis: We don't – Rosemarie, we don't break into that business in great detail. But I'd say, overall, we're very pleased with the performance there. And this is another area, from a price standpoint, that they've got some very large customers. They've been working through pricing. And we're expecting to see price recovery in this space.
Al Mistysyn: Hi, Arun this Al. When we talk about pricing in our Paint Stores Group, we realized a little more than 2% effective pricing. That was roughly sufficient to offset the raw material increases that we're seeing, and it's in line with the effectiveness that we were expecting in the quarter.
Al Mistysyn: I think on the on the price side, the we are seeing the positive effect of pricing initiative on Consumer Brands. Certainly, a work in process, and we have room to grow there. On the performance coatings side, as Bob or John talked about in the call, they did see the biggest impact on the increased raw material in the quarter. We had talked about our first half of the year having a tougher comparison from a raw material standpoint. And I would say that group is probably the furthest behind with the highest inflation and, again, making progress. And we'll continue to do so as we roll the quarters out.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Jeff you are absolutely correct. We did see an acceleration of raw material cost increases in our first quarter, and it predominantly impacted our Performance Coatings Group. And as you can imagine, when they go up that quick, it's very hard for us to react and put another price increase into the market. That being said, we do have pricing implemented, and we'll monitor that situation as we always do on a month by-month basis. And if we see another increase that warrants a price adjustment, we'll do that. So pricing actions are in progress. 
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Jeff. So if you look at 2019, you would expect it to be around that amount, maybe slightly below, but around that amount is a good start. 
Al Mistysyn: Yes Chris. John walked through the current quarter's performance by segment. We had another double-digit performance from – in the residential repaint segment, high single-digit in Protective & Marine and mid-single-digit in most of the balance. I will tell you, the outlook for new residential looks pretty positive. Most – among most public builders, orders, new orders and backlogs are up in the low teens. We've seen a continued significant home value appreciation that should drive strong remodeling activity. Harvard's LIRA forecasts 7-plus percent growth in remodeling activity through the year. The nonresidential square footage started the year pretty soft, but we expect commercial starts to grow this year probably in the range of about 4%, 5%. That translates to probably an equivalent level of growth in square footage. So new commercial looks strong. Residential repaint will continue to drive outsized growth in that segment because we're seeing probably a shift from DIY to do-it-for and a lot of investment amongst stay-in-place homeowners in upgrading their homes.
Al Mistysyn: And on the pricing side, we have talked consistently about specifically on Valspar Performance Coatings side that we're one price increase behind. So we're going to chase that throughout 2018. That being said, as John mentioned, prices rolling in, and we expect that to continue throughout the year.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. It is really just a timing issue. As you roll the program out, we're basically missing the summer selling season on the paint side. But you're having the costs of those roll in and, as John mentioned, primarily in our third and fourth quarter. That being said, we're excited about the program. And 2019 certainly will be accretive to sales, as we've talked before, but ain't profit.
Al Mistysyn: Yes Don, I think you are right. Price would be around that 2%. And as you recall, we went out on October 1, as we continue to roll that in, we might see a little bit more going in our second quarter. So the difference is volume, and you're absolutely correct, we do expect our stores, U. S. and Canada stores, to be in the high end of the mid-high single digits for our second quarter and for our full year.  As far as price goes, we have a long-standing tradition that we'll continue to monitor the raw material basket. We'll push back on our vendors. We'll try to internalize from cost reductions as much as we can. And then absent those levers, we'll talk to our customers first and then talk to The Street about it any other increases.
Al Mistysyn: Yes Don, on the architectural side, the primary driver is still TiO2. And we're seeing a somewhat similar trajectory in TiO2 to what we saw in 2017. All the global producers, as we expected, have announced second quarter price increases that are currently under negotiation. But that's really primarily what is driving inflation in the architectural side. On the industrial side of the raw material basket, you've got crude oil, propylene, which also affects architectural coatings, but it affects the industrial piece. Epoxies, zinc, all heading in the wrong direction.  So we're seeing inflation from more of the raw material components on the industrial side. There's certainly inflation in the basket on both sides, probably more on industrial. 
Al Mistysyn: No, I think if you look at, we have talked about offsetting option dilution, and typically, our first quarter is our largest quarter on options exercised and with restricted stock that's issued in the first quarter. So I think we are a little bit ahead of it. I would say the options didn't come in as heavy as we thought. So we'll monitor that as a year goes on and make sure that we meet our commitments that – and make sure we're paying down our debt to get our debt-to-EBITDA leverage down to approximately 3:1 that John talked about. 
Al Mistysyn: So if you look at the – certainly, in the quarter, both the Consumer business was up over 13%, and the Performance Coatings Valspar business was up a similar amount. I'd temper the consumer business a little bit. I don't think we're expecting double-digit gains. We'll take double-digit gains, but I don't think we're expecting that out of that team on a longer cycle. But you would expect low mid-single-digit growth across the group. I think that's where we're starting to look, Duffy, is we've integrated so much and made such great progress, specifically, as John mentioned, on Consumer. It's hard to look at Valspar versus Sherwin.  So we look at the group, and we're expecting low to mid-single-digit growth in that group. On the Performance Coatings side, the momentum they have, we're expecting a little bit better than that. And again, they're well down the path of integration, and we're looking at a combined business, and our outlook is to say that mid-single-digit growth rate is – mid- to high single digit growth rate is probably what we're looking at. 
Al Mistysyn: Yes, sure. I mean first to be clear, we reaffirmed our original full year EPS guidance at the midpoint, and that's a 26% increase year-over-year. So you need to deliver, and we needed to deliver strong first quarter and get off to a strong start. As I mentioned, the tax rate was a little bit lower that gave us a little bit of a tailwind. We fully expect the full year to be in the next – rest of the quarters to be in the low to mid-20% range. And you know it, Duffy, our first quarter is our smallest and generally most volatile quarter of the year. It's been a long-standing practice of ours to wait and see how the painting season unfolds before considering revisions to the outlook. And I think that's served us well on the path, and we fully want to continue with that practice.
Al Mistysyn: EBITDA was up 6% in the quarter for the core Sherwin. That would have been – give me one second. So we would have made the $414 million versus last year $391 million, so up 6%. As we talked about 5.51, 5.52 is the total.
Al Mistysyn: So you think about – it's about $30 million adjustment for the one-off. So I guess it would be at 30.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Mike, I wouldn't read anything into that. It’s approximately 600 for April and May, and then it rolls into our comp going forward. But nothing of concern in that run rate.
Al Mistysyn: Mike, its still 4% to 6% range, based on the first quarter running a little higher in terms of year-over-year inflation than we anticipated, we're likely going to push toward the higher end of that range for full year. Now as a reminder, that is our outlook for the industry on a basket similar to what we buy. That does not include raw material synergies.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Kevin, that was – the number I was quoting is the net number for 2019. As far as timing goes, Lowe's will dictate the cadence of the roll-ins, and Home Depot and that will happen this year as well. But much past that, we're not going to get into them a lot of the detail related to…
Al Mistysyn: Yes. The 1Q was the timing of the discrete items. And I would highlight, if you look at our core business, Valspar, Lowe's together, our effective tax rate was 19.4% versus last year of 22.7%. The impact of the acquisition-related costs drives the consolidated rate down. But really, nothing more than just timing of discrete items in that first quarter, a small quarter so has a bigger effect.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Nishu, let me add that just if you look at the cadence of midpoint that we talked about, $150 million by quarter, it's really more front-end loaded than back-end loaded. That related to the projects that have been validated as we went through last year that we see going through the P&L and feel confident about and then the back half is really getting impacted by new projects, system implementations that John talked about and then factory closures that I talked about earlier.
Al Mistysyn: If you split it, the 1.50 by four quarters, we saw a little bit more than that in our first quarter. That's the way I would characterize it.
Al Mistysyn: There's about $30 million of non-amortization type items in the first quarter. And Chuck, we called out $100 million for the year on one-time integration costs. And the way that would roll out would be, second quarter would probably be similar to our first quarter, and then it'll drop down from there.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, it won't change it. I think it'll change it by roughly a third to a half when we get the full impact of the leases on our balance sheet.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, I mean, certainly, you get a little bit improvement as we continue to work with our customers, but it won't be significantly more than that.
Al Mistysyn: So on what we're building, as our benchmark would be the consolidated, excluding the Valspar acquisition, 18.35 to 18.95. That's what I would have you focus on as our base going into 2019.
