Tyler N. Treat: Good morning. My name is Tyler Treat, and I'm Valspar's Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us on our fiscal 2013 second quarter earnings conference call. We have 2 speakers today to provide you with insights on the results we announced this morning: Gary Hendrickson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Muehlbauer, who recently joined Valspar as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions. Let me also remind you that comments made by me or by others representing Valspar may contain forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our SEC filings contain additional information about factors that could cause actual results to differ from management's expectations. These filings can be found in the Investor Relations section of our corporate website at valsparglobal.com. And finally, please note that our reported results this morning included non-GAAP financial measures. This result should not be confused with the GAAP numbers we reported this morning in our earnings release or with the GAAP numbers we will report on our Form 10-Q. For GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations about reported to adjusted results and guidance, please refer to the supplemental schedules in this morning's news release. With that, let me introduce Valspar's Chairman and CEO, Gary Hendrickson.
Tyler N. Treat: Rosemarie, it's Tyler. We bought back 1.9 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $62.65. And I'll just remind you that our stated goal on our share repurchase reduced our net share count by 2% a year. So we'll continue down that path.
Tyler N. Treat: Okay. That's the last question. Thank you, and thanks to our audience for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Follow-up questions from investors and analysts can be directed to me, Tyler Treat. Questions from the media can be directed to Mark Goldman. Contact information for both of us can be found in our press release. Thank you, and that concludes our call.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Hey, Ivan, it's Gary. Thanks. Obviously, our first quarter was great -- our second quarter was a great quarter in terms of volume growth in North America -- particularly in North America. Our paint volumes in North America were up almost 30% in the quarter. Part of that was Ace. But excluding Ace, our volumes were up in the low-teens. And obviously with the new Professional program that we launched at Lowe's, we had some load-end. But even excluding the load-end, the business in North America, volumes were up mid-single digits. And to your first question about whether we saw any trends developing in the quarter, I would say that we did. The second half of the quarter was much stronger -- materially stronger for us at sell-through -- at retail sell-through than the first half of the quarter. So it looks like that, clearly, there was -- there's a late start to the painting season, but I think the season will develop into a pretty strong one relative to those that we've seen in the past. I think that speaks to the improving trends in the housing market, and also -- but for us, we're -- we've got to focus also on growing our market share. And I think some of the good results that we saw in the quarter are a result of the marketing programs that we've been working on with our retail partners over the last couple of years. I've mentioned Love Your Color Guarantee in my opening remarks, and we feel like we're really well positioned in our North American business to continue to capture growth, both through market share gains as a consequence of great marketing and great retail partners and as the housing market continues to recover.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes. I don't know the exact answer on how much of the contribution to EBIT was new business. And we talked about Ace as being dilutive in the first few quarters of the year. And the load-end involved a lift. So you're going to have to get back with Tyler on that. I mean, as Jim pointed out, the increase in our EBIT in our Paints segment was volume-related, but I can't break it out for you. With respect to B&Q, that program is right on track. We've got the Valspar program set in 14 B&Q stores. I was with the their executives in London last week, and they couldn't be more pleased with the performance of the Valspar program in their stores. We'll start the mass store rollout in about 4 to 6 weeks' time, and we expect to have all 350 stores set in early '14. So all systems go on the B&Q launch, and we're all really excited, both at Valspar and at B&Q.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes. That -- so, that's a relatively new business for us, Ivan. And I think, as we've talked about in the past, we're very pleased with the progress that we've made as a relatively new entrant into the market. The business has been growing at a compound rate over the last 3 years of 25%, even including the decline that we experienced in this quarter. Pipe coating is a project business. Pipe projects are not being done, and the pipe is not being coated because it would just be put into inventory if it were. So what we think happened in the quarter is that the -- particularly in North America, where the majority of our business still is, the very long cold winter delayed some projects from getting started. And you can't -- in some cases, you can't put pipe -- pipelines up if the ground is frozen and covered with snow. So we do expect to see some recovery in the second half for the business. Great -- I mean, the great news for that -- for us is that the macro trends in energy transmission and water transmission and the need to move those BTUs around the world is a great long-term trend, and we're well positioned for the -- to keep growing in the future.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Sure. We are -- P.J., we are right on our plan in the Australia business. The only thing that we didn't anticipate when we acquired the business in 2010 and made our commitment that we would get the business to the company's average margins in 5 years' time is the weak housing market. But despite the weak housing market, we are on our plan to get that business to the company average margins. EBIT margins were up about 200 basis points in the first year that we owned it. It will be up about 200 basis points this year. And integral to that plan was the closing of an additional factory, which is the one that we announced this morning. So we couldn't do it all at once. We had to phase in the improvements that we were making over time. We did a lot early. We took a little pause. And now, we're going into what is substantially the last phase of the restructuring. But as I said in my opening comments, this was our plan right from the beginning. So with respect to the comment that our competitor made -- I didn't read them in detail. I -- but I'll respond to what you just said. Somebody took share from us in the Australia market, and that was planned. When we bought the business, we had way too many stores and we were doing business with way too many independent paint stores. And we've been pretty clear that we've been restructuring our distribution footprint in our stores business over the last 2 years. And as part of that, we closed -- we walked away from unprofitable stores that we're doing business, and someone got that business. So I will agree 100% that somebody is taking share from us in the -- was taking share from us in the Australia market. Again, that was planned. We felt that we needed to pretty fundamentally restructure the business to get it back on the -- to get it into a model and be at the cost structure to the point where we could be profitable as we grow it. Now I will say this: we are in growth mode again. Masters is continuing to build out their stores, and we've ended up with 75% or more of the shelf space in the Masters stores with our Wattyl brands. And so we'll grow with that. We are -- we will be anniversary-ing most of the restructuring action that we took in our store footprint in Q3, and it will be all anniversary-ed in Q4. And in fact, in --- even in this quarter, we saw an improving negative trend. The numbers are still negative, but it was an improvement over the first quarter. The third quarter gets substantially better. And in the fourth quarter, we'll finish with the anniversary of those stores. And so, we're almost at the inflection point now where we expect to see that the negative volumes that we've experienced over the last year or so turn positive. That will happen in Q4 and into Q1 of next year. So that's kind of a long-winded answer to your question, but I thought some context was important.
Gary E. Hendrickson: No. We acquired 2 of the Ace plants, P.J. We will not be closing both of them. We have an opportunity to restructure our manufacturing footprint in North America. That -- we have our plans, but we're not ready to say publicly what the specifics of the plans are. And with respect to rolling out into the Ace stores, we won't be launching the Valspar program until late in the year, and we are in the process now of working with individual Ace store owners and the Ace corporate office to sign up dealers for that launch. And we're not prepared at this point to say exactly how many we'll have at launch.
Gary E. Hendrickson: No change in that number, Nielsen (sic) [Neal]. It really rolls through next year and into '15 before we get to that run rate. And that's the 3 programs at -- the third one has now been announced. That's B&Q, it's the Professional program at Lowe's and it's the Ace acquisition.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes. It's -- I think it's going to be a weak-ish year. I think the market will grow a little bit, but at not what we've seen in past years in terms of the growth rate. For our business, we -- this quarter wasn't a great quarter in absolute terms. But in the context of a comparison to 2012, it was a pretty good quarter. In 2012, in this quarter, our volumes were up 33% in our consumer business in China, mainly as a consequence of pipeline fill for our product for the new affordable housing market. So in a relative sense, we were down on that number in China this year, but we expect that in the third and fourth quarters, we'll get back onto a -- into a better trend line. But the market overall is not -- I would not say that the property market in China is robust.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Some things up, and some things are down. When we talk about our raw material costs, we think about the total basket. And while you're correct that some things were down, other materials were up due to mainly -- due to supply and demand. And the price of oil is still pretty high. Our raw material basket today is still at more or less the historical high.
Gary E. Hendrickson: We focus on EBIT margin, Silke, and we do expect some EBIT margin expansion for this year versus last.
Gary E. Hendrickson: We -- the 3 segments of our general industrial business that we called out, Silke, represent about 70% to 80% of the weakness that we saw in that product line. So those 3 that we mentioned, off-road, pipe coatings and container coatings represent 80% -- almost 80% of the decline that we saw on volumes in our general industrial business.
Gary E. Hendrickson: No -- Yes. Chris, the container business is terrible in terms of the numbers of containers that are being built. I mean, we are probably at 10% or 20% of what the peak would be. And so, it's a very cyclical business. It's part of a -- it's a relatively small part of a pretty stable company, but it's cyclical. And right now, it's at the bottom of the cycle. I mean, global trade is what drives -- and the numbers of containers that are shipped out of China and around the world is what drives the need for containers. And right now, those metrics are not in favor of the container industry.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Ernie, so the Pro market is not a new market for Valspar. We actually introduced a Pro product into our retail distribution about 4 years ago, and it's done very well. Further growth for us in -- particularly in home improvement channel was constrained somewhat by the fact that the full product offering was not offered to Pros in that channel. So our new program is a comprehensive program of Valspar products for the Pros, a full line of good, better, best. We have invested in salespeople in the field, who are calling on professional painters and driving them to our retail partners. We've solicited a lot of input from professionals and to how this program certainly should be managed, and we have a fantastic partner that wants to grow in the Pro market as much as we do. And the good news is a lot of professionals shop in the home improvement channel, but aren't buying their paint yet in the home improvement channel. And so the opportunity to capture those professionals as they shop with our retail partner is, we think, a very exciting opportunity.
Gary E. Hendrickson: There have been some customers that have converted from BPA-containing products to non-BPA-containing products. And I'm have to say that, as that's happened, we've maintained our market share and many times -- in many cases, we've replaced ourselves. And in other cases, we've taken market share from the market. I would not say it's a wholesale movement at this time, mainly because the food regulatory agencies around the world have said that the BPA molecule is a safe molecule repeatedly, including our FDA and European Food Safety Administration. But there are some brand owners that believe that their consumers would like to see a package that did not contain BPA, and they've made some moves. And as I said, we've participated in that.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes. I don't expect it to get any worse. I think we're probably at the bottom. The good news for us is that this pause in activity has given us the opportunity, particularly in developing markets and in Europe. So in Latin America, in China, in India and in Europe, our customers are much more willing now because their lines are not running at capacity to give us the opportunity to deploy our technology a bit more globally. So our book of business in China is much healthier today than it was a year ago, meaning that we're doing business with more customers with Valspar technology in China today than we were a year ago. I don't think we would have gotten that opportunity had the market remained at the breakneck pace that it was running at 12 to 18 months ago. So while the -- while it's a little bit painful in this quarter and probably will be a little bit painful for the rest of the year. In the long run, this has been a fantastic time for us.
Gary E. Hendrickson: The latter, and a pretty significant number of new customers. Now this is a big market. This is a -- we think the total paint demand for the off-road market globally is $2 billion to $3 billion. And we are a very, very small player in that $2 billion to $3 billion market. So we've got a -- this is part of our core strategy. We've got a global team of very talented people who are equipped with the right technology, the right know-how to do business with virtually any off-road or agricultural equipment manufacturer in the world, and they're deployed and they're out there winning business.
Gary E. Hendrickson: There are things -- there are a number of opportunities that are attractive and would fit our portfolio very nicely. The issue is getting those -- is when those assets come up for sale when the owners decide to do a transaction, and then agreeing a price. The latter 2 are much more complicated than the former. It's easy to find companies that would fit very nicely with Valspar in terms of business fit and culture. But getting to the right price and at the right time is the challenge. We're very active in this area, though.
Gary E. Hendrickson: I'll tell you what. The sell side of the investment community is a lot more worried about Wattyl than I am. I've said this before in private meetings, I'll say it here publicly. I am not concerned about Wattyl. Wattyl is going to be a fantastic deal for Valspar in the long run. All of the things that needed to be done to turn that business around are in the process of being done. The business is improving. The volume declines that we've experienced were expected. They are part of our plan. Wattyl is going to be a fantastic deal for us. If anything, it makes me more confident to do deals because that one is a long way away, and we used a local team for most of the actions that we took, perfectly aligned with our global team and they are doing an absolutely great job. It's proven that we can do complicated deals in virtually any geography to me.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes, you're right, P.J. We've had a couple of good -- I think about 3 -- probably 3, maybe 4 improving quarters, and the business is in good shape in North America. I'll take the 2 pieces you asked about the 2, and the dynamics are different between North America and China. North America, the improvement is being driven by about 50% new business wins and 50% market growth. And this is the business in Valspar, this business in our consumer paint business, so the 2 that are very highly correlated to the U.S. housing market. So -- and in the case of wood coatings, we have a correlation to both the new construction and the building products segment and kitchen cabinetry segments of that business as well as existing home sales. So the business is in good shape. It's performing well, and it's growing. We were very pleased with what's happening in North America. In China, there are really 2 businesses. One is the one that we acquired with Huarun and it's a distribution business, and that's selling into the Chinese market through exclusive distributors. That's been a very good business for us year in and year out. The China market, notwithstanding the comments I've made earlier about the housing market not being particularly robust, that business will grow this year and they'll improve their profitability. And then the second part of the business in China is the legacy Valspar business, which were the OEMs -- which are the OEMs that are manufacturing furniture that's exported back to the U.S. market, and they're having a good year as well. They're growing and are more profitable than they were in the previous years. So all in all, the wood -- our wood coatings business is performing very, very acceptably.
Gary E. Hendrickson: That's a good question, Rosemarie. In the model that we have that gets the business to our company average margins -- at least, to our company average margins in 3 years' time, we have very modest growth from the base of the market that we have today, and I think it's 2% or 3%. So we're not expecting a dramatic recovery in the U.S. house -- or the Australian housing market to be the thing that saves the business. What will allow that business to be successful are the things that we've done in terms of the cost structure and the business model, and we think those 2 things are right now. And we will grow with the trade. 2/3 of our business is a professional business that goes through our store network. And we think we'll have some of the market share that we've lost as we -- that we talked about earlier on the previous question. We will recover, not all of it in the short term, but we will start to grow the trade business through better execution of an improved business model. And then, we will get growth with Masters. And they're still on their plan to open 150 stores. I think they've got 30 -- in the low-30s opened today. I think the stores are performing well. And the combination of growth in the trade business with an improved business model, improved product offering and a -- and some growth with Masters, those are the 2 -- the growth vehicles that we're looking at. I would say that, as the U.S -- as the Australian housing market recovers, that will be additive to our plan.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes. See, we don't have visibility to inventory that our customers have in the channel, Rosemarie, not like we would say in the retail business. So I can't -- really can't answer your question.
Gary E. Hendrickson: We're manufacturing 100% of the private label business for Ace today. And, Steven -- so, we're going to -- we'll see a ramp-up as we go in -- from first quarter volumes and second quarter volumes, as we go into the painting season. That's what I meant. So I would expect that that -- the Ace paint private label business would react the way any other private label business would. And then what I mentioned was, in Q4, we will start selling the Valspar program at Ace.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes. We bought inventory. We bought finished goods inventory that -- we acquired it, and we're selling it.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Yes, it was a negative mix impact. We -- Eugene, we grew pretty significantly with market share gains in our beverage product line, which has a lower selling price -- quite a bit lower selling price has been the average for the packaging mix, so yes. So volumes, we're very pleased with the business in the quarter, and we have high expectations for the business for the remainder of the year. They've won a lot of new business, and we're now in the process of commercializing that business.
Gary E. Hendrickson: Not material, Saul. Not in a material way. There were -- the couple of our general industrial segments got a little bit more competitive in the quarter as volumes went down. But it's normal, and it's not material to our results.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, Silke, it's Jim Muehlbauer. Roughly, of the charges that we spoke about, I'd say about 60% of them are going to be cash-related, and that will happen both this year and next year. Majority of the cash will actually go out the door this year.
James L. Muehlbauer: Sure, I would be happy to. I think the restructuring announcement that we made today speaks to some of the opportunities we continue to see in streamlining the back end of the business as we grow a more global footprint for Paints and Coatings overall. And certainly, as I'm early into the role, I see a number of encouraging opportunities of things that we can continue to leverage on the back end of the business, whether it's our manufacturing footprint, our indirect spending, I think there's a lot of opportunity over time that we can get after in those spaces. So that's going to be important because, as Gary mentioned in his comments, we have a number of investment properties around growing the Valspar brand and investing in markets where we see future growth, whether it's in China, Latin America, even some parts of Europe, at the end of the day, that are going to require investment funding. So we're scouring all parts of the business model and P&L to look for ways to, a, fund that growth but also continue to enhance returns on the bottom line. So I'm encouraged by the opportunity we see in that space. And I think from a -- your second question essentially around capital allocation. Once again, I'm new to the role. But certainly, looking what the company has done historically, I think, very successfully, is, number one, it's invested in growing its core business, which provides the best returns for shareholders. It's done so by acquiring companies that were both accretive from a technology and from an infrastructure support perspective. One of the things, Chris, that I've come to appreciate much more now that I'm inside the company is just the level of support that Valspar provides its customers, whether it's in the consumer paint business or in the Coatings business and the relationships that we have with those customers and what you have to do to invest in those relationships. So I think growing that business, continuing to invest in that space is what really keeps our growth profile and our cash flow healthy going forward. After that, certainly there's opportunity to continue enhancing shareholder returns by returning funds to shareholders. And I think the company has been on a very predictable and important part of enhancing overall returns by buying back shares in the marketplace. So that, coupled with the long history of paying dividends, I think, is providing a nice yield profile for investors who are looking at this space.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes. Kevin, it's Jim Muehlbauer. It's certainly early days in what we're doing in loading the business with the Professional Paint that Gary spoke about and just ramping up the private label SKUs. What we've tried to do is provide a little color on the volume that goes along with those businesses. As you might understand, we're not particularly interested in providing sales level detail by product line and by individual customers. I think the key is in, really, Gary's comments around the $400 million opportunity that we see over the next year or so in growing our paint business, certainly of which B&Q, Ace and our professional program at Ace and our core business on top of the $400 million provides a lot of tailwind for us, as the housing market continues to recover domestically.
James L. Muehlbauer: Hey, Kevin, why don't I start with that, and I'll let Gary certainly provide his perspective since he has a lot more context than me. But I think you hit on a really important point. When we think about the long-term margin structure of the business, the diversification that Valspar has in the product lines that it's in, Paints and Coatings and the markets we play in, I think provides a very interesting and compelling story to look at where margins can grow because today, just looking at the questions we received about, "What's the market look like in China today? What's it look like in Australia?" We haven't talked at all about Latin America long term. These are very high-growth markets for coatings companies and certainly Valspar. And the amount of investment that we have in those markets today, supplying volume is not leveraged appropriately. We've got a lot more scale opportunities in those markets. And as Gary mentioned as well, adding that volume to our business and that scale to our business allows us to increase EBIT margin significantly in those spaces. So we're very bullish on where the long-term EBIT margins can go in the business, and we're very happy to invest in the near term to access those opportunities. I think as you look at the next 12 months out, certainly in the Paints business, the leverage we're going to get from increased volumes and continued housing recovery is going to be beneficial to the business. And certainly as the coatings markets, as the decline starts to come down a little further over the next 12 to 18 months, those EBIT margins should come up as well. One of the things I was amazed at, just looking a little bit of the history, that even in our Coatings business, on a 2-year basis, our EBIT margins are up over 300 basis points despite the decline we're seeing in the current year. So I think that the team has done a nice job over the last couple of years building that Coatings business certainly. And even though we've got some temporary softness in some of our markets, there certainly is a longer-term opportunity to continue that growth profile.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes. Charlie, it's Jim. I think as you look at the Paints business for the back half of the year, in total, my expectation would be you would see EBIT margin increasing, primarily given the volume expectations we have for the business. Gary talked in his comments about the increased investment we've had in marketing spending around the brand. So we will launch some new advertising in that space. It started to hit the business in Q2. We'd expect to see more of that in Q3. So we're looking for less margin expansion in the Paints segment in Q3. It will be higher, actually, in Q4 with the additional volumes we're putting in the business.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes, that was absolutely the case. And we talked about what's been going on in the Coatings business the last several quarters...
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes -- no, I don't think we've seen any leakage in the business x Lowe's and Ace. We've been adding profitable sales volume to that business overall. We've not seen material change in our EBIT margins related to our core business.
James L. Muehlbauer: Yes. Rosemarie, it's Jim. We're still anticipating 31% to 32%. And if you look at our effective tax rate to the first half of the year, we're at 31%.
