Al Mistysyn: Hey, Chris, this is Al Mistysyn. Hope you’re doing well. Yes, I think we’re pleased with the progress we’re making on operating margin within Consumer Brand. I think you’re right; it’s too soon to come off our long-term margin target of that 20% range. As we’ve always talked about, volume is the single biggest driver of leverage across all our businesses. And with the unprecedented surge we’re seeing in DIY across all channels, that is absolutely driving the majority of the margin improvement. And you would expect, and we expect that the demand will return to more normalized levels as the year progresses. That being said, there absolutely is good cost control taking place in North America. As you recall, we exited the ACE business last year. That helped improve our gross margin, our operating margin. We took action to reduce our footprint and costs around that. And we’ve also taken action, as John talked about in his opening remarks, on our international businesses. We’ve commented before, the performance of those businesses haven’t been up to what we expect. I think the team has done a nice job with a variety of things; pricing actions, SKU rationalizations to make those operations more efficient, cost reductions and even in – we talked about the European flow through. In our first quarter we saw a nice similar improvement in flow through on our second quarter, and then even in Asia and Australia where we saw sales backwards, we’re still positive on profit. So there’s a number of factors that are allowing us to drive these margins, but volume is always first.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Jeff, we’re – as you know, we’re a LIFO, last in, first out, kind of company, so you might see a little bit of that. But we churn our raw materials so quickly, especially in this kind of environment on the architectural side with DIY, it’s not meaningful in that respect because of the turns that we get. The just-in-time inventory that our suppliers do a great job keeping up with us and this environment, with the DIY surge that we talked about, a lot of impact on gallon cans and other specific raw materials related to that. So it’s – we’re churning our inventories very quickly on raw materials.
Al Mistysyn: Right. No, Jeff, I think there’s a number of things that are occurring in our second quarter that give us a tailwind. You bring up – you talk about the volume through our Consumer Brands Group that we just talked about on the previous question with Chris. When you see that kind of volume, and in our first quarter, we also talked about customer and mix change. And that’s across really each of the segments. In some respects, you got TAG that we talked about with DIY and res repaint performing better than the other segments. We talked about from a product standpoint exterior growing faster than interior, paint growing faster than non-paint. I talked about the exiting of the ACE business that as you know it was a drag on our gross margin. That helps. And then we did see – as John talked about in the opening comments, lower raw material costs. And we expected to see that in our second quarter with the way raw materials trended last year and with our second quarter likely being our biggest year-over-year change. And then even – I would say, even within our Performance Coatings Group with the different segment growths and the different region growths, there’s a mix there that helps. And then finally, as TAG performs better than Performance Coatings, that segment mix gives you some lift. So it’s really a combination of a number of those things happening. But I would say with PCG, for example, the consumer businesses outside of the U.S., this is hard work being done over the past year to get us in line for whatever happens. And when volume comes back, I would expect to see both of those areas even improve faster.
Al Mistysyn: And Ghansham, I’d just add. It’s not only an investment in inventory that we’re doing, I think our global supply chain has come up with a number of creative solutions to expand capacity of the key product lines where we’re chasing demand. And that’s everything from investing in capital to retrofit 5 gallon lines which are predominantly pro to gallon lines as John talked about in the opening remarks. It’s finding where we may have capacity in industrial sites that have the ability to make an exterior stain product line and ramping that quality process up and to make sure we’re providing the right quality and the right process but doing it quickly to try to improve our filling rates across all the different channels. So it’s not just investments in inventory, we’re looking at all areas to expand our capacity.
Al Mistysyn: And Steve, the TAG, starting with their customer and product mix that I talked about earlier, the DIY and res repaint performed better than the other segments, exterior versus interior and paint versus non-paint helped drive margin improvement. On the raw material side, we’ve talked about ROS moderating. It’s less of an impact on our architectural businesses, but it is still helping in pricing. We went out with a 3% to 4% price increase to offset other inflationary items, whether it’s wages, healthcare, and the like, and that price increase is performing as expected and its effectiveness of around 2%. And then the last thing, I would say is, the team did a really nice job pivoting and really reducing discretionary spending, cutting travel very rapidly, and our SG&A was even down year-over-year, so all those helped drive that operating margin higher.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, David, I mean we’re not going to give guidance on individual segments. But you look at a couple – I’ll give you a couple of data points to hopefully help you out. One is, we’re going up against a strong third quarter in TAG of last year. Same-store sales were up in North America a little over 8%. They had strong operating leverage on those sales. And so we’re going to go up against a pretty tough quarter. We’re going to start investing back in the business, as John talked about, the advertising and merchandising that we paused is going to come into our third quarter, but we also expect to see better volume. As we talked about, same-store sales were down in the second quarter, 6.9%, our forecast right now in the third quarter for sales to be flat to up low-single-digits. And as we talked about, the better volumes we can put through our North America stores and the chain, the better leverage we get. So, whether we see sequential margin improvement will depend on where that volume comes in. If it’s at the higher end of our range, we have a shot at getting sequential improvement. If not, it’s going be difficult to get there. And then, year-over-year, the way ROS kind of have unfolded through last year and into this year and the product mix benefit I still expect to get in the third quarter, year-over-year, I do expect to see some modest improvement.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Vince, it remains to be seen if there is a gap in supply or that we are stressing our packaging suppliers for share with this unprecedented increase in demand, but we’re working very closely with them. We do not expect an increase in price in the second half on packaging. And as far as a price increase, like we always do, we’ll try to manage our costs first and we’ll look at it as the second half unfolds and decide if an increase is needed based on the current environment, but we’re not expecting an increase in our second half.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Duffy, as I talked on our first quarter call, the reduction in CapEx was really pausing some of these architectural and packaging capacity expansions. As we saw the sales trends come through the second quarter, we restarted those expansion plans, just because they could take 12 months to 16 months to get an expansion of good – a sizable expansion in place and that takes our CapEx up to $280 million which is still about 1.5% of sales. So, as long as – I think we’re trying to control CapEx below that 2%, we’ve done that pretty much over the last few years and we’ll continue to do that. But we need the capacity and we’re going to start those projects back up.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. I don’t know that we want to get into too much detail here. Let me just give you maybe some insight. I’d say that in more rural areas I would describe it as there’s more likely a business as usual than in more metro areas. We are experiencing more customers penetrating the home in the interior, but it’s still spotty. And I would tell you that the bids that I mentioned earlier have a lot of people feeling really good on the contractor side, because they’re not just exterior bids that they’re doing, they’re doing both bidding for interior and exterior. So, I think it’s just a matter of time and it’s starting to roll in and our customers are feeling good, but I don’t think it’s just going be a light switch that’s going to come back online.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Truman, as you know, our long-term gross margin target is at 45% to 48%. I would say over time, we’ll continue to look at adjusting that, but I don’t think we’re ready to do that at this point. The demand surge and the trends that we’re seeing and the product mix, customer mix, we talked about these being shorter term. We’ll get through – we expect to get the positive trends through this quarter, but go back to some more normalized levels. And then, I think we’ve got to see how the recovery in our Performance Coatings comes out to say – before we’re ready to say we think we should move that long-term target up. I think we’ve done a lot of work through our different segments, through our different divisions and regions to really drive complexity out of our supply chain and be more efficient, and those will pay off when demand and volume start to pick up again, but I’m just not ready to raise that target just yet.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Arun, I think it starts with the sales volumes in our TAG organization. We, like I mentioned earlier, are going up against a tougher third quarter, but a tougher fourth quarter as well. But as TAG drives volume, we get a lot of operating leverage on that volume. And you mentioned it, if the DIY surge continues longer than we expect, again, we expect to get a nice operating leverage there. And then, our Performance Coatings Group, the trends that John talked about sequentially through the second quarter, if some of those pick up faster, whether it’s auto refinish, GI, industrial wood, which are probably on the farther end of the scale of where we think – let me rephrase that, auto refinish more in the middle, GI and industrial wood at the longer end of the scale of recovery, if those do pick up back quicker, yes, I think we can see ourselves to the high end of that range.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. John, I think you’re absolutely right. It’s kind of a wonky year with strength in DIY, certainly through our stores, they’re not going on account. Our working capital is lower in our first half. As John talked about, we’re going to start building inventory coming out of our third quarter into our fourth quarter and that will be a little bit of a headwind in our second half as far as cash is concerned. And then, the profitability that we saw in the first half, because of the tougher comp in the second half and some of the product and customer mix and things I talked about earlier, you just aren’t going see a big of an improvement when you look at our full year guidance. But we’re going to build inventory and that’s going to be a little bit of a drag on our cash in the second half. It still should be positive year-over-year, but not quite as positive.
Al Mistysyn: And Eric, on the interior-to-exterior ratio and the out-quarters, first quarter, fourth quarter, it’s about 4:1. As you get into the two middle quarters, as the weather improves in the Midwest and Eastern, it trend to that 3:1, in a normal environment, it’s probably a little less than that through these next second and third quarters because of the trends we’re seeing.
John Morikis: Yes. And Chris, I would just add a couple of other items. One is, I do think we’re operating more efficiently this year versus last year in serving our customers. I think that’s a tribute to our global supply chain team doing a really terrific job and better planning and execution. We’re more efficient I think this year in serving our customers; we’re optimizing our supply chain better. We’re doing this, I might add, while investing CapEx in areas such as our filling lines and dealing with the COVID challenges that everyone is dealing with. And I’d like to just call out our global supply chain team during this really challenging time, this COVID issue. There’s a team that’s working 24/7 throughout all of this to serve our customers and to help our customers win. So I think we’re being a little more effective in utilizing and optimizing our supply chain. You also asked about the COVID-19 environment and what we’re learning. And I would say for me, what that’s done is it’s really reinforced the importance of our strategy. We have long spoken about this approach that we’re taking on really driving value for our shareholders by focusing on what’s right, where our customers value our solutions. And the other approach that I’d say is we’re really focused on covering all the bases. And I think what’s happening right now, you asked about the DIY, is a great example. We’ve got a terrific focus on our residential repaint. But we’ve also been really focused on helping our customers grow DIY. And we take that approach in each of the markets we serve. So, whichever way the table tilts, we want to be first-in-line right there. So if it’s DIY versus res repaint, if it’s new residential versus remodeling, if it’s commercial – new versus commercial repaint or whatever segment pops up, we want to be number one there.
John Morikis: Well, we’ve seen obviously an unprecedented level here. And the surge has been some – invited some challenge, obviously. Our teams have adapted I would say, Ghansham, decisively and quickly. But the surge was significant, and it’s created some challenges. We’re uniquely positioned, I think, at Sherwin-Williams to utilize assets that others might not have. And I would tell you we’re pulling every lever possible. We’re determined. But I would say that we’re still chasing. We believe that we’ll be in a position to begin building inventory again as we come out of the third quarter, going into the fourth quarter, into the first quarter. But right now, we’re focused on meeting demand. And again I’d be remiss if I didn’t call out this terrific effort by the global supply chain team with everything they’re doing in this environment, but also the ability to work with our customers. These are unprecedented times, not only for us, but also our customers. So the better line of sight that we have to be able to isolate in on what are the most important skews and working with them to deliver is really what we’re after. And this is a new experience. We’ll come out of this better. And we’ll likely sit with our customers at the end of the year and talk about inventory levels as we begin next season. And if we need to step up and put more in inventory to serve our customers, we’re going to take care of our customers. As it relates to DIY, I think fatigue as you mentioned it, we don’t support that attitude by any customer, by the way. Reality is that we find that the more customers are home, more – and different customers are coming in. And in our stores, it’s often referred to as it’s a COVID project, where people have been in their home for some time and they might have a bedroom that they’ve never really considered repainting. And they realize that it’s very affordable and highly impactful project. And they tackle it. The beauty of it is, is that what we’re finding is very little overlap from customers coming in. And while I’m sure there are some, but it seems to be very little where customers are talking about this was a project that I was going to have a contractor do and I’m going to tackle it myself. These are what we’re getting from our customers in our stores are customers that are looking at a wall that’s probably not been painted, likely wouldn’t have been painted, and they’re painting them. And so through our stores, it’s a relatively small percentage. There’s a nice gain. It’s only 10% sales through our stores. But through our retail partners we’re doing everything we can to make that an easy experience so that it’s not just one project. We want it to be easy. Your question is, do they have fatigue? We want to make it a wonderful experience so it’s an easy, impactful experience that they went through seamlessly and they want to do more. And we’re working with our retail customers to capture those customers and make them repeat customers going forward.
John Morikis: Yes, and you look at those assets, those facilities that are producing stain, for example, for our industrial wood where we’ve got capacity right now, and these are highly technical products. So the finished product to the consumer is every good – every bit as good as if it had been manufactured in existing plant because the tight specs we operate on the industrial side. So it’s really the best of asset utilizations you can get.
John Morikis: We don’t at this time anticipate having to adjust sales floors. I would tell you that our customers and our employees love those sales floors open, but number one is the safety of our employees. So we’ll stay close to it. As of right now, we’ve not. And I’m not sure if you were asking about the shift of business to the southern states? If you were, I would say, we’ll take it anywhere it comes. If it’s in that market and it starts moving aggressively, we’ll do everything we can to serve those customers wherever they are.
John Morikis: Well, there’s very little if any DIY business there typically in China. But the approach that I would take first off is that it’s a relatively small percentage of our business. We saw sales in Asia that were down significantly in the second quarter largely as a result of the COVID pandemic in architectural. We think that that’s a slower recovery in the architectural business there. But again, it’s really a very, very small piece of our business. We’re there really looking at the future. We’re investing in the right people, the right – we’re doing a lot of branding work, doing a lot of research. We’ve got a couple of really good tests going on right now that have gotten a little cloudy with everything that’s been going on, on different aspects of our business, so. I think you should expect from our perspective that to be a bigger part of the business down the road, I don’t think it’s going be anything that’s going be material in the next quarter or even next year.
John Morikis: Well, to your point, we are close to that through the commercial business through our TAG business and through coil. I would say in our coil business, the resumption of select projects, it drove sequential improvement during the quarter. And I would say that so much so that we finished June positive in June. So I mean we see that momentum moving in the right direction. Not sure if there’s going be an air pocket or a gap, if it does happen or when it will happen. What we’re doing, Bob, we’re working really hard right now to minimize any impact. We call it – I call it a pothole. We’re driving down the road here. We’re doing everything we can to fill that pothole. And the beauty of our model, the direct model, is that we can control that. And so we’re working with our customers to understand where those projects are. So we’re not waiting for customers to call and place an order or go online to place an order. We’re attacking this. We know the specifications. We’re trying to get more products specified. We know those projects. We know the painting contractors that are on those commercial projects. And we’re leveraging our strategy, and we’re capitalizing on the segments that we offer to offset whatever might be coming down the road. So I’d say no one’s positioned like we are to capitalize on these opportunities. But rest assured, we’re not a retailer that just simply opens a door and waits for people to come in. We’re out there right now hunting. We know that there might be a hole in the road. We’re not waiting. We’re aggressively going after it to fill it. Depending on what it looks like if there’s a gap or not and how much there is, we’ll find out if we experience one. But I would say this, if we do experience one, we think it will be short-lived.
John Morikis: Its – for our reps, it’s about a 60/40. We do not look at this as a cost saving mechanism, Steve, at all. I’d say, like everyone, we expect that our employees are motivated by our incentive plans. That’s why we have them. But I would say, one of our executives this morning, I was speaking with mentioned a keyword to me, pride. Pride in what we do, pride in who we are, pride in wanting to win. And I’d say, this team we’re leading right now, I’d call them goats. These are the best. And there’s an element here of incentives, and we want them to be out there to provide for their families. But they’re driven by far more than that. There’s a sense of pride in what we do. And we want to win. And we don’t want to win by a little bit. We want to really, really win. I’m going to stop right there. There’s a lot of really good people doing what’s right there.
John Morikis: Yes. Why don’t I take the stores, and then I’ll ask Al to talk about the rest there for a second. So year-over-year, we have 68 more stores this year versus last year, given what we laid in last year. We have 178 more reps this year versus last year. For the year, we’ve opened 16 new stores in North America. And that’s offset by the closure of about 33 stores. 24 of those were in Latin America, nine in North America. Steve, the way I’d point to the Latin America closures were these were underperforming stores in persistently soft markets. That’s the way I would characterize those. The nine in North America that were closed were mainly stores in Canada that were underperforming. And we did have some stores in North America with lease expirations that we’ll plan to relocate. We do expect to open 50 new stores this year, down from our originally planned 80 to 100 due to the COVID. But you should expect us to ramp back up into that 80 to 100 going forward.
John Morikis: Yes. David, I’ll take that one. What we saw in our second quarter, the industry basket of ROS was down by mid-single-digits year-over-year and that was really driven by resins and solvents, and we don’t provide the specific dollars in the quarter, but you can see that positive trend reflected in our year-over-year gross margin improvement. If we look at our outlook kind of going forward, our second quarter we expect will probably be the biggest benefit year-over-year. We still will see – and that’s really because we’re going to see tougher comparisons in the second half of the year. We do expect that the second half raw material basket will be down by mid-single-digit percentage overall, similar to the first half. And as Al mentioned a moment ago, it’s a little more heavily weighted towards the industrial part of our business than – the benefit will be a little more there than on the architectural side. So for the full year, we’re going to be down mid-single-digits or that’s the expectation on ROS and that’s compared to our – earlier this year, we said it would be down low single. So we’re seeing some good benefit there again driven by resins and solvents. If you look at the petrochem side of the basket, we’re seeing lower year-over-year propylene and ethylene pricing. More recently though what I would say is we’ve seen a little bit of a sequential tick up in ethylene and propylene contracts and we’ll see how that plays out as the year goes forward. On the TiO2 side of the basket, we’re still anticipating stable pricing trends in the back half. Some of the third-party forecast that we look at are reflecting a little bit more economic resiliency than some of the prior forecasts, sustained by the DIY demand. I would say the North American TiO2 market has been the most stable and we have seen some indications of lower sulfate TiO2 pricing internationally. But as you know, the majority of our TiO2 buy is chloride-based TiO2, which we really haven’t seen movement there. So to sum that up, again, we’re going to – similar kind of in the back half, down mid-single-digits on the ROS basket led by the resins and solvent piece.
John Morikis: Well, on both sides, I’d say, we’re always active. There are a number of projects that we’re engaged in and I’d say the gap, if you will, of pretty wide margin in the midst of the COVID seems to be narrowing and good discussions are taking place. I really, really appreciate the leadership of our team here where David Sewell and our Head of Strategy, Bryan Young, are working with our leadership teams to really make sure that we’re staying the course of our strategy. In times like this, people can lose their way a bit and just be out looking for sales or looking for opportunities. That’s not us and we’ve got a very deliberate strategy that we use that we stay true to and we’re working that, and there are opportunities and we’re hoping to continue to move through those aggressively. On the other side, to your point, I think we’ve demonstrated if it be programs or products that are not fits, that do not fit in our company, that we take action. And I’d say that we’ve continued that same discipline of reviewing these programs, products, SKUs, stores, businesses, brands, everything, and you should expect that we continue to do that. When businesses fall short of the threshold that we have, to create shareholder value, we’ll take action.
John Morikis: No. I wouldn’t. I think you’re directionally accurate. I think in the third quarter, you wouldn’t expect to see the DIY trends that we saw in the second quarter. The raw materials is a tailwind, but not as big of a tailwind in the second quarter. I guess, you know what, Greg, the way I would kind of gauge the DIY in the product mix is, if you look at our second and third quarters together between product and customer mix, I estimate a little bit below 1% of an impact, so you’re directionally right there.
John Morikis: Yes. I’d maybe characterize it this way, Greg. Our platform is certainly – we are witnessing strong utilization and increased metrics in all categories that we track. The idea here is pretty simple, it allows customers more efficiency in not only ordering products, but also in communicating with their reps and their store managers, and we want to build on this incredible relationship that we enjoy. These contractors as well as now a growing number of DIY customers are learning to rely on our people. On the professional side, these contractors would tell you that those reps and those store managers are part of their team, they’re part of the contractor’s team, and this is an extra step in helping our customers through our people. So, I might describe it as the last mile just got made that much easier, and we want the contractor feeling like they’re part of our team and we’re part of their team. And earlier, I talked about the complexity and the challenges that they’re facing right now and the inability to absorb delays and run profitable efficient projects. I would tell you that this platform is helping our customers on the professional side to run much more efficiently and we absolutely see loyalty increasing. We ask a lot of questions and the most important one that I think we ask is who helps you make more money, and that gap is getting wider and we enjoy that. As it relates to the DIY side, we clearly have experienced a number of new customers using this platform on the DIY side. Our scores there are going up dramatically and it’s working quite well. We’re investing here heavily, because we believe this is another great opportunity for differentiation.
John Morikis: I think we normalize. I think if you look in the past and compare to what’s happened historically, John, we’ve seen these shifts temporarily during unique times. But what we also have to take into consideration is an aging demographic, home price appreciation, aging housing starts. In the last recession to your point, the DIY grew, but not huge amounts and it wasn’t protracted. So, we think that there are some shifts that occur during these times while people are home, as I mentioned earlier, it’s affordable, it’s impactful, and you can make a difference. But overall, every time we’ve seen this and we expect it going forward. And quite frankly, another stat that I didn’t share earlier, I shared it maybe in the comments about the res repaint. The reason I say this with confidence, we – listening to our customers, they’re telling us in June of 2020, they have more bids going out than they had in June of 2019. So we’re feeling pretty good about the trend.
John Morikis: Yes. You’re right. There is no finish line in anything that we do, Duffy. So, I like the way you characterize that. Marvin and his team at Lowe’s, Bill Boltz and Joe McFarland, these are wonderful leaders. They’re driving for improvement and we want to help them. And they’re giving us access, they’re allowing our teams to work with their teams, and we believe that there’s a lot of opportunity ahead of us. We’re on a runway and we’re screaming down it. But I think together, there’s a lot more that we can do and we’re looking forward to that. I think these are two wonderful organizations that work together can do a lot. And we like that for two reasons, both the DIY side, but also as a professional that prefers a home center experience that’s typically, we call them the pro that paints. They might be a remodeler, they might be doing different professional projects, and they pick up paint as part of that experience, and they prefer the home center with the product choices. And so our ability to help them be more successful is an important part of our strategy and we look forward to that. So there’s a lot more to be done.
John Morikis: Okay. What I’d add to that Truman is just that, as we said, DIY continues to be a strong performer and the resi repaint and the new res continue to be the ones that are sort of leading the recovery while commercial and property maintenance are also improving, but resi and resi repaint continue to be sort of the leaders in the clubhouse.
John Morikis: Yes. On our stores, I think we’re just getting started. I think there’s a lot of opportunity and we’ve got a wonderful team that’s executing well and we’re excited about where we’re going, and there’s a lot of really good things in the pipeline that we’re excited to talk to you about in the future. Regarding the do-it-yourself versus do-it-for-me, as I mentioned earlier, we think that we’ve seen this movie before. There is a shift to do-it-yourself, it gradually shifts back, and those are based on fundamentals, an aging population, dual income, the pension or market wealth that’s created, home values that are improving. And quite frankly, a general focus on life, the quality of life and people enjoy the benefit and the impact of a newly painted room or home, and not all of them enjoy doing it themselves, but it’s a relatively inexpensive but impactful experience. And we don’t quite frankly care how it’s applied. We just want to make sure it’s our product going on, and it could be a do-it-yourselfer or it could be a do-it-for-me, it could be – and we talked about remodel or new home. We just – we have teams focused on every square field, every corner of the room. We just want to be there when that gallon is sold and be the one that’s providing that solution.
John Morikis: Yes. Again, as mentioned earlier, it’s about 10% of our store business, so it’s a relatively small percentage and there are customers that prefer a specialty store experience, and if they’re going to make that decision, we’d hope that they choose ours. But I know that you’ve been in our stores and you’ve seen how we’re modeled and what we do, I think there’s a large percentage of that contractor business that is out there for us to gain and that’s mainly the focus of our stores.
John Morikis: There is plenty of opportunity for us to grow. This is the strongest performer that we have in our industrial business. I mentioned the sales up high-single-digits. To your point, demand for food and beverage cans remains robust. We have a terrific and unique technology in our V70 coating that continues to win and convert new customers, new lines, and it’s because of the flexibility, the speed, the ease of application, our customers are running more efficiently through the plans to be able to do that. So, yes, we expect this business to continue to grow, it’s another area with wonderful leadership, great technology, great customers and we’re putting a lot of fuel in this tank.
John Morikis: We do see the improvement. We saw it sequentially as the quarter unfolded and we expect that to continue. Again, we’ve spoke in the last couple of calls about the technology and our play here and the performance of this business and it’s moving in the right direction, obviously, but miles driven and traffic congestion would help this business. This is a business that when you look at the drivers, given what we’ve done with this business over the last 18 to 24 months, resumption of more normal travel routines will benefit us significantly.
John Morikis: We are experiencing some contractor labor issues, not only in new residential, commercial, even res repaint and you wouldn’t think that given the unemployment rate. But I’ve spoken with a number of contractors who have mentioned that it’s difficult for them to find people, qualified people that are willing to work, given the unemployment rates that they’re receiving. So, it is an issue. I would say to your question about the trend, many of our builders – first, we do see it, largely because of our position in the market. We’ve got a terrific position in the national homebuilders. We’ve talked about having 18 of the top 20 national homebuilders in exclusive relationships and we’ve been making very good penetration in the regional builders. And let me just take a slight detour and say our national account business, outside of just the builder, that our national account business in total across all our U.S. stores platform, the activity there is fantastic. So we’re really leveraging our platform and really trying to drive the differentiation between us and others. That said, back on the builder, we are clearly enjoying this partnership with our builders. They are experiencing – many of them have said June was their best month ever. And so, we believe that the quarter bodes well for the future. The other point of differentiation I would make that we’re hearing from our builders is that they continue to reference our ability to offer the services that we provide, both the reps and inventory, close to them as an important lever. Many of them have asked other suppliers to come visit us here in Cleveland to understand what we’re doing and how we’re doing it. And I think that when you look at our position, it’s become more pronounced given some of the challenges that some builders have had with disruptions in other categories. For us, it’s terrific business, it’s 5 gallon bucket, so it’s easy to serve us, it doesn’t have an impact on the do-it-yourself business, it allows us to serve them well and we can execute for these national homebuilders across the country like no one else can.
John Morikis: So, let me point – I think Eric to reiterate again, my comments I think on the trends, I might point back to the bidding activity that we’re experiencing with our customers, the fact that in June, there were more bids this year versus last year in a growing percentage now including the interior. So, the – I’m trying to give you some color without getting into specific numbers to be truthful with you, but we’re feeling pretty good about it. The fact is, is that our customers are recognizing that it’s not going be this afternoon if they’re in someone’s home, but they’re using virtual tools to estimate. Their customers are interested in having their homes painted. There is a sense of wanting to almost get their place in line. And our customers enjoy that, because it allows them to tackle the exterior which is turning out to be an excellent exterior season for our contractors and they’re enjoying the opportunity that many of these interior projects or these customers are getting in line with the expectation that those homes are going be painted by these same pros.
