Chris Connor: Okay, I’d be happy to do that. Kevin. First of all, regarding the cost, we haven’t disclosed that. We indicated that our margins were backwards about 60 basis points, most of that was relative to the cost associated with these actions. In terms of our outlook for the year, Bob, you may want to comment on what we’re guiding at this point.
Chris Connor: I think there’s been some indication regarding some shortages in particular products. I think there’s been some comments regarding the traffic-marking paint industry, as one case in point where there’s been some shortages. For the most part, our higher-demand, architectural paint products have remained in stock. And through the actions that we’ve talked about, we’ve been able to keep our customers in business. So, very well a constraint at that end of the scale. 
Chris Connor: And here again, Kevin, we’ve been very consistent about our pricing philosophy here at the company. When facing raw material pressures, just as a reminder for the entire audience, we first pushed back against the supplier, secondarily looked internally to see what efficiencies we could gain and finally, take pricing to the market as the last resort.  We’ve been very open with the investing community group regarding those pricing actions, after we’ve announced them to our customers, in terms of timing and percentage. At this point in time, we’re not commenting on any pricing activities plan in any of our segments for our second half. 
Chris Connor: Yeah, I think that – when you look at that forecast, we’re looking at different things with our fixed assets and what we think is happening with amortization, but you’re right, that’s probably at the high end of where we’ll be.
Chris Connor: Yeah, I think that would be fairly accurate to what we’re seeing in the industry. Jeff As all of us are aware, the first-time home-buyer tax credit expired in April. I think that drove a lot of energy in our particular segment. As that passed through, we saw lower housing numbers come out, as an example. Another retailer is commenting about it slowing in the quarter from the beginning to the end. I think that was clear with our numbers as well.
Chris Connor: Yeah, Bob. Obviously, while that was a piece of it, I don’t think that explains the entire slowing and. We’ve commented about the skittish consumer in this economy that any little bit of bad news tends to see some bit of a pull back in some of it’s discretionary spending.  We had commented at the beginning of the year about the increasing headwind that we’re going to face on the new construction, and not residential businesses, and those are continuing. I think that new housing numbers came out and they’ve been adjusted down a little bit as well too. So there’s a broader base slowing we see, to the demand for end products here in the United States, across a lot of segments.
Chris Connor: Yeah, we’ve always taken a long-term view of that, Bob. We’ve talked repeatedly to the investing community that our next short-term horizon goal, which is to get 4,000 paint stores in North America.  We’re on a continuous path to do that. The 40 to 50 net new stores, 40 to 50 gross new stores we’re planning for this year has been the low end of our range. I don’t see us dropping below the low end of that for next year, and as the economy improve, we’ll probably ramp back up to our more normalized run rate of about 100 new stores per year.
Chris Connor: Absolutely normal in terms of the sequence of the process we go through, the only abnormal part of that was that we raised them April 1 for architectural businesses as opposed to the beginning the year. And the reason was because we were following the very disciplines approach we take here, which is to make sure we have clear visibility and the cost, that we’ve done everything we can mitigate it. We didn’t see that late in the Fourth Quarter of last year which took a path in the First Quarter pricing. By the time the First Quarter stiffened, we realized we needed to go out. So that was very much the processes that we went through to get this earlier price increase announced, and all future price increases will follow the same mind set.
Chris Connor: Yeah, I think when we take a look at it for the full year, we said that it would be slightly dilutive. I think you could see the dilution in the second quarter. I would say that we’re going to be relatively flat for the acquisitions in the third and fourth quarter. 
Chris Connor: I think we made the comment that these issues are getting resolved. The raw material chain of monomers is strengthened during the quarter. Our suppliers are catching up. We’re seeing improvement, although catching up in the middle of the paint season is a difficult thing to accomplish. So we think we’re going to feel the tightness for the remainder of the year, probably catching up significantly back to normal run-rates in the fourth quarter, or really first quarter of next year. The point that there will still be some tightness in the third quarter, the company will continue to take the remedial actions that we’ve been taking to maintain service to our customers. And we’ll just hope to see that improve as time goes on. 
Chris Connor: I think that they’re in the appropriate shape. These are excellent business people who have sophisticated programs and systems in place to keep inventory at appropriate levels. I don’t think there’s any overstocking or destocking that’s been occurring. I’d say it’s pretty much as it should be at this point in time. 
Chris Connor: Yeah, obviously, with the announcement of these two industrial wood activities in Europe, a little stronger for the company the past couple of years. We have indicated that we continue to have an interest in using cash for appropriate acquisitions where we can strengthen our control distribution architectural store model, both domestically and around the world as well as building out our industrial coatings service capabilities. There are a number of those opportunities that we’re looking at as we speak, and it would be inappropriate to comment on them at this point in time. 
Chris Connor: Well, as you know, we’ve talked a great deal about the importance of that distribution platform for our story, PJ. And as you also know, our focus, primary customer segment is through the professional painting contractor. I think the improving trends that we’re seeing are the result of the contractor cutting back a little bit this year. We see them hiring painters and lining us more work. Their schedules are more robust than they have been. The residential repaint market is, as we indicated at the beginning of the year, would be the driver for this group to share and that’s proving to be the case as the year’s unfolding. So the extent that we remain focused on the contractor, we’re enjoying a little bit of a bounce back on that business this year. 
Chris Connor: Off industry numbers. We think that new construction in total in the US in terms of architectural volume is down probably in the low teen now. So it’s 12%-13% of total-gallon volume goes to new construction and that’s roughly half and half non-residential and residential. Residential may be a little bit higher than non residential.  In the repaint market, you know, the other 87%-88%, residential is probably 70% of that non-residential 30%. Relative to the market, we’d probably skew a little heavier towards new construction and a little heavier towards non-residential. 
Chris Connor: Yeah. You know, that’s why a lot of times we never have tried to give you a total because when consumer, they have aerosol cans, they have F-style cans, brushes, rollers, and so forth. So that’s a tough one to give to you. That’s why we’ve never gone to the full – but in general, I would say that the price increases that the stores groups typically goes in faster and are more effective earlier than we realized in the consumer group. Since we went out April 1st, that’s probably still true to this day also. 
Chris Connor: I think the comment was that we’ve been working hard to mitigate some tightness in the supply chain in getting through that. We are looking for the leads to come primarily in the latexes. That’s where a lot of the tightness has been and some of the additives that come off of that chemical change. I think that was pretty broadly discussed in the industry in the second quarter, and as those raw materials that supply those industries have caught up, we’re seeing some catch up as well.  In terms of the other core raw materials, packaging, other types of solvents, etcetera, we’re in fine shape there. 
Chris Connor: Doug, we started the year thinking that if the industry, in terms of starts, if we saw more than 600,000 starts, that it would be a pretty strong year. And you know, we’re still assuming right in that range, maybe high fives to low sixes. 
Chris Connor: I think the answer on that question gets too close to disclosing what pricing activities we may or may not take in the second half. So Doug, I’m just going to respectfully decline to answer that.  And once again, when we take pricing to the field, we’ll be happy to keep you updated. 
Chris Connor: Yes. I think that as each quarter goes by, we’ll get a higher and higher percentage of what we went up with. 
Chris Connor: Well, we went out with 3 to 5, and if you sit there and take a look at the 2%, you’re talking the midpoint being four, we’re over 50 percent. 
Chris Connor: Are you asking, Greg, about the shift between DIY and the Pro, or more our DIY performance inside – 
Chris Connor: Yeah, I think the market shift as we indicated will start to come back towards the Pro as markets improve, certainly as new construction would come back a little bit. And we do expect, as Bob just answered in an earlier comment, that when the year is said and done, the new residential construction market will be slightly positive for the year. So we’re going to start to see a little rebound in those areas.  And as we’ve also commented on these discussions, that the anecdotal evidence of contractors in our stores with more work, buying equipment, and hiring folks, etcetera would indicate that that’s starting to come back a little bit.  So we remain bullish on this contractor segment. We think the 60/40 range that it’s been bounding around in the last couple of years is probably a pretty reliable number to count on going forward, and it should strengthen as new construction comes back, certainly in the coming years on the commercial side as well.  Regarding our own DIY performance, I think we’ve been pleased. You see the numbers on our consumer segment this quarter, which have a lot of DIY presence there, so that’s been strong for them as well as the DIY performance at our own stores. We’re getting our comp stores running at a 5-plus percent performance, all customers moving in the right direction so we’re getting some luck from DIY as well. 
Chris Connor: Scott, I think our comments in the past has been that the nature of the pro doing the work on foreclosed homes, the foreclosed homes that are being purchased by investors probably benefits the multiline warehouse home center more than the specialty paint store because their needs for materials are much broader than the assortment offered by a specialty paint store. That doesn’t mean that there’s no professional painting contractors working on those properties, it’s just that generally the contractor working on those properties also does some floor coverings, some electrical, some plumbing, etcetera.  So we think that that channel has probably seen the benefit disproportionate to the paint store’s channel. Ivy Zoman [Scott] – Zoman & Associates: Thank you very much. 
Chris Connor: I think on the consumer specifically, Jeff, you’re a real wordsmith. You saw on Bob’s comments here that we talked about the segments retail, industrial and institutional customers. And this is a part of business we don’t talk a lot about, but on this segment we have a significant product line of aerosols and coatings that we sell into other types of distribution channels beyond the typical retail partners. And it was in that space that we saw some really unique and strong performance in the quarter.  And I think your comment about is this sustainable, this is probably more of a blood [inaudible] and consumer segment will probably come back down in the single-digit range going forward. 
Chris Connor: Amy, I think, again, the significant less in the quarter for our consumer segment was more on the segments industrial and institutions business. Our retail traditional business in that segment probably performed close to market, maybe slightly better. 
Chris Connor: As Shawn commented on the earlier portion, you know, our track record here, and this price increase has been coming in pretty much consistent with cash price increases. It takes a little while for us to get announcements out to negotiate and start to see the effectiveness. And some time on the consumer side with that lag, stores start early by full implementation.  Typically, across all segments we see somewhere in the 70 to 80% implementation. 
Chris Connor: That’s absolutely correct. That was an opportunity that presented itself in the quarter that was on any previous guidance. 
Chris Connor: Yeah. Let me deal with non residential first. In non-residential, square footage put in place through June were down in the mid-20% range. We think that that rate of decline has moderated somewhat from last year. We don’t think we’re on bottom yet. We think that’s probably a good number for the balance of the year, is we’re going to finish the year down in the 20%, 20-plus percent range.  In terms of sales of existing homes, it certainly softens somewhat also after the expiration of a tax credit because that was driving some resales as well. What is important to us Robert, in looking at those numbers is not just the sheer volume, but the quality of the transaction.  Foreclosed and distressed properties being acquired out of foreclosure by investors really doesn’t drive our end markets as well as existing home sales by an owner-occupant to a new owner-occupant.  So to the extend that we can – I mean, if volume is flat from last year, and the quality improves because of the decline in foreclosure transactions, that’s good for us. We know that there’s certainly more pain to come in the foreclosure market, but it’s been fairly orderly and we’ve seen a steady rise in the quality transactions.  But a flat number in existing home sales with improving quality would benefit our business. 
Chris Connor: Great. We’d like to thank you all once again for joining us this morning. And as always, we’ll be available over the balance of the day to answer any follow-up questions you have. We appreciate the time you’ve spent with us this morning and your continued interest in Sherwin Williams. 
Bob Wells: Yeah, Kevin. We think that for the industry, the whole raw material basket for paint and coatings is probably up mid-single digits. By year end we expect that to push maybe a little higher to the mid-to-high single range for full year. 
Bob Wells: The answer to that is yes. And when you sit there and take a look at year over year though, because the [inaudible] were at the low point in the second quarter of 2009 on a year-over-year basis. The second quarter was hard. 
Bob Wells: I think when you take a look at it, what we said in our guidance last quarter was that the acquisitions would be about [inaudible] and then the second, and third, and fourth quarter, but only 1 ½ for the full year because we had only three months, or three quarters against four quarters. So acquisition came in at 1.9% of our increase. And we still think, in the guidance, we have around 2% for the acquisition.  We have not put the next acquisition into the guidance yet. We’re waiting to see – it’s hard for us to forecast when that will close. When we look at the currency, we have very little currency in the second half of the year. When you take a look at the [inaudible] or the Mexican Paso, really the currencies that drive us, when you start looking at that third quarter and fourth quarter, we think that the currency is going to be relatively flat.  So when we give our guidance, I would say less than 2/10ths of a percent will be currency in 2% each quarter, but 1 ½ of those for a full year will be for acquisitions. 
Bob Wells: Yeah. When you take a look at it, you know, we had some discreet items that hit us in the second quarter. It’s hard to really predict when discreet items will hit. But when we take a look at our full-year forecast, we think, you know, last quarter we think we were talking about the low-to-mid 30s for that tax rate.  We think probably for the full year, the tax rate will be back in that 33% range. 
Bob Wells: I don’t know that we have any specific in-market segments, Eric, it’s more prominent than others. Obviously the commercial markets as we’ve talked about are still lagging and facing a lot of headwind.  And I think there’s just been a little bit of a slowdown in some demand in the residential markets. Guidance in the mid-to-upper single-digits range is still robust given the last four-year track record we’ve been on. And with that number, Sean just went through them. I mean, while we’re seeing a little bit of a slowdown here, we’re still fairly bullish on this revenue stream. 
Bob Wells: Well, let’s see, the average price was $76.48, and so $73.00 year to date, and I just had it here because I pulled it out for that. Give me ten seconds here and I’ll find it. Sorry it’s taking me so long.  We spent $149.7 million in the second quarter; $76.78. Year to date we’ve bought 2.35 and at $74.68. 
Bob Wells: Yeah. I think when you take a look at it, when we came out with our guidance for the second quarter, we said high single digits. We didn’t give a range. And now when you look at the third quarter, we’re saying mid-to-high and we still the acquisition in there. And for the full year, we’ve stayed the same.  So I think that, you know, it’s pretty easy to assume that different segments are going to be not as high because of the high single digits versus the mid. 
Bob Wells: Slightly. But you have to remember, Latin America is in there and they’re going through winter right now. So they have the opposite. So when you take a look at the different segments, it was higher. But when you look at sequential because of going into winter, the Latin America group in that global group did not have any. 
Bob Wells: Cash flow for operations in the quarter. Hang on one second. I’ll pull that out. I don’t have that. 
Bob Wells: Yes. I would say that, yeah, you’re looking at, without it, it would be about flat to where we were this quarter.
Bob Wells: We announced a price increase to our architectural businesses across all channels, with consumer and storage groups. So absolutely. 
Bob Wells: Well, you know, if you went back to our full-year guidance on sales for the full year, three months ago we gave guidance for the year. It was mid-to-high single digits. So we really haven’t changed the sales guidance for the year, nor the EPS guidance.  So we feel our sales are going to come in pretty much where we thought we would be three months ago. 
Bob Wells: Well, I think the other leverage that are played here, Ron, are in good shape. We commented about the SG&A control, the company, the improved efficiency as a result of the top things we did a year or so ago to get some of our plants down. The margin performance, while down 60 basis points in this rapid raw-material environment with more pricing implementation from previously announce pricing, we’re confident that we’ll be in that range. 
Bob Wells: Yeah. I think when you sit there and take a look at improvement in operating margins, you know, two, three years ago our storage group was over 15 ½%. Consumer is not as consistent as store, but it’s actually been as high as 19 at one time.  So you know, our thoughts are that eventually we’re going to get back those levels and go higher. When you look at the global group, now we believe that eventually we’ll be around 80% of where stores can be, which would tell you that we think it’s going to be in the low double-digits, low teens. So when you think about it, that’s what we’re looking for for the segment. 
Bob Wells: Over long-term when we look at those types of things, we believe that there will be some sales growth. But we still think we can get a margin improvement in moderate sales growth. 
