John Morikis: Yeah, Chris. First let me just take a bit of exception to your comment about now that we're done with the Valspar acquisition integration. There's still quite a bit of work to be done there and we're working hard to fully integrate, not only the domestic piece here but we've got quite a bit of work to do in the non-domestic and a whole lot of work to do on the sales side. So a lot of opportunity there to leverage going forward.
John Morikis: Well, we're certainly not satisfied with our competitive position. We want to continue to grow in our competitiveness and we believe that our teams are doing a terrific job in aligning our services and our technology to help our customers meet the solution and deliver the solutions that they need to be successful. To your first part of your question as we talked about overall, North America and Latin America for the quarter were positive. We expect that momentum to continue. I'd say as I highlighted earlier that the European and Asian markets, we saw some softness there and I would expect that's going to be bumpy going forward here for a little while. But if I look at it from a business perspective, we're really excited about the momentum in our coil business. As I mentioned that is our strongest growing business right now. It's been a race if you will between our packaging and our coil business. This quarter the coil business was the strongest performer and it was double digits in every region. And we've got some really good momentum there going forward and feel really good about that business. Our packaging, we talked a lot about our unique technology there. We expect that business continue to grow. That was up single digits and it also was up in every region. So again two terrific teams really hitting on all cylinders and we're really excited about that and expect continued momentum. We don't talk a lot about our Protective & Marine business. That business was up single digits and mid-single digits and a lot of good momentum there. Another good leadership team and we really gained some ground in some very key focus areas. In the past we talked about our heavier weight in the petrochem and our focus on some of those other adjacent markets. We're getting good penetration there. So we're excited about that. Our automotive business was up in three of their four divisions. Overall they were up low single digits and we feel as though they grew some share here in North America, so we're pleased with that. Our GI business was up in the Americas, North America and South America. Again terrific leadership here. We are experiencing some soft softness in Asia and Europe. And when you look at our industrial wood business that's the area of softness that we've had really around the world. The industrial wood business has been soft and we expect that to be bumpy for some time.
John Morikis: I would add to that. As Al said, the broad basket was down slightly year-over-year in the third quarter, but I think you have to look at a little bit by architectural and industrial. So the decrease was really driven more Jeff on the petrochemical side of the basket where certain parts of the basket were down, not all, but certain parts were down year-over-year. And what I'd remind you is certainly we don't buy or sell propylene or ethylene and each of those different feedstocks have their own market dynamics associated with them. But as Al said, we're still expecting the basket to be down modestly year-over-year in the fourth quarter, but the highest level of inflation was in our third quarter of 2018 last year.
John Morikis: Well we have work to do Jeff. We're still facing the significant raw material cost inflation we experienced in 2017 and 2018. And with our consolidated gross margin improvement, we are making progress towards our goal of the 45% to 48% as I mentioned earlier. But as to the specifics of your question, we're still reviewing our options and our pricing strategy at this time. And I'd say that we do that on a regular basis with great frequency. We're sitting down talking about where we are and where we need to be. And I'd say that has been our past practice, we'll first communicate that to our customers and then to the financial community.
John Morikis: Well Mike I would say there are a few issues here. Certainly, I'd say coming out of the quarter, we did speak to the fact that we felt our customers were going to be in a sprint to catch up on some of the work that was out there and that they were really working hard to capture. But I'd also say that our customers continue to be very bullish about their pipeline both in the fourth quarter and into 2020. We're growing share. We feel good about the execution of this team on their efforts. We've got a lot of plans that they're implementing and growing share of wallet and new account activity that we've been talking about for some time. And I want to thank this team, because they're executing at a very high level. You have to go back I think it was the third quarter of 2014 to find this level of performance. But I'd say that when we look at this team's drive and execution combined with the outlook that our customers are giving us we're feeling pretty good and we're pretty feeling really good about the share that we're gaining right now.
John Morikis: I'd say overall the independent dealer market has not been a very strong portion of the market. We do not integrate our independent dealers with our stores. We operate those as separate businesses. And our goal as we work with our independent dealer customers is clearly to help them in their approach to growing their business. And through our stores obviously we have a direct relationship with those end users as well. Typically, those might be customers with some different expectations. Some of those customers that are going into a dealer might have different expectations than those that are coming into our stores, but our store people are out building those relationships driving them into our stores with regularity.
John Morikis: Well you hit on a number of really good points. First is that the residential repaint contractor's vision versus the nonresidential or commercial will be on the opposite ends of the spectrum. So commercial contractor might be bidding the projects that's not even out of the ground yet where a residential contractor might be bidding something that could be painted in the next couple of weeks. We're blessed. So we have a number of stores and a number of territory -- reps that are out there working with those customers and we try to capture and understand as much as we can about what's happening in the market through those contacts. So a better line of sight and quicker on the residential a little more distant on the commercial side.
John Morikis: Yes. So Vincent, the answer is yes. We're trying to use as many tools and improve the tools and as many new tools as valuable and improve the tools that we have currently or consistently used in the past. And I would say that a big part of that also comes down to the execution. We're always trying to – we're hiring 1400 college students a year. We're bringing them in. We're spending more time training them in the different aspects of the business that will help them and I think we're getting better at that. And I think when you're wondering what's happening and I think it's using the tools. It's really good programs. It's really good products and it's a lot of determination. We don't unlock our doors and wait for something to happen. I mean we're out there aggressively trying to grow this business and build relationships. And to your point, we talked about it last quarter. We hope we talk about it again next quarter because our focus is on making that happen. If you look at our residential repaint business this is – we've had five years of compounded growth, double-digit growth in this business and we expect that there's a lot of momentum there to continue as well as in these other segments in the commercial and property management as well. But we're not waiting for it to happen. We're very deliberate in what we're trying to execute.
John Morikis: It's not changed and I want to say it's about 60-40, 60 fixed, 40 variable, Steve. It might vary just slightly but it's just about 60-40.
John Morikis: Well our Lat Am business was up low single-digits in sales. We did have a profit improvement in the quarter. I'm trying to frame it in a way that you've asked the question there Steve.
John Morikis: Yes. Arun so we -- let me just start with the last piece that you just spoke about as far as the new residential. We do enjoy a wonderful position with the largest percentage of the larger homebuilders in the country. And we work really hard every day trying to help those important customers deliver on time and homes that their homeowners really enjoy and that includes the services and products that help them to deliver. And so as that business picks up, you're right, we will be working hard to grow those relationships. I believe it's either 17 or 18 of the top 20 national homebuilders we have an exclusive relationship with and we're working really hard on the regional and the smaller homebuilders to leverage those existing services and products that are within our company already. As it relates back to the growth that we've had in the core stores and the momentum that we have there, a good portion of it is share gain. You're right. Our teams are as I mentioned, again, I don't want to sound like a broken record here, but this is a team that's executing very well on the programs that they have and the services that they provide. And we don't know what's going to happen going forward with weather or labor, but we can tell you that we're working really hard to position our company favorably with these customers. We had that leadership team in about two weeks ago walking through segment-by-segment and across the country. There's a lot of optimism about not only where we are, but where we're going. So, we're feeling really good about this but there's no complacency here. There's a lot of work to be done, a lot of customers out there that we're working on and focused on to continue to grow. And that's what we're going to be doing this afternoon and moving forward.
John Morikis: Yes. Let me start with M&A and then I'll toss it to Al to talk about the remaining capital deployment opportunities. But I would say this Arun, we're really pleased with the progress that we're making. We're actively involved in a number of projects. We do feel we're blessed that we're not desperate for growth. We don't feel as though we have to have acquisitions for growth. Although we have a number of opportunities that we're pursuing we have a number of organic growth opportunities as well. And so we look across all of the businesses and we're identifying those areas if it's geographic or from a technology standpoint that will allow us to further create shareholder value. And those are the discussions that we're pursuing and still quite frankly have quite a pipeline to get to. So, we're working it. We feel good about the progress we're making on a couple of really good projects, but there's more for cash deployment and I'll let Al just touch on that.
John Morikis: Yes. I'd say Duffy that we're pleased, but not anywhere near satisfied. Next year we'll be better than we were this year. There's a lot of elements to this program that rolled out this year for the first time in our largest customer and we're determined to get better there and there's a lot of opportunity on both the do-it-yourself side. And as I mentioned earlier there's a professional side here that enjoys the home center experience that's purchasing a number of products that are available for the home center channel that we want to help our customers in that home center space to be better in pursuing. And so this first year as the program rolled out we were learning and improving, but we're not happy with where we are. We want to continue to grow. Now, we've spoken that overall for the entire business on a global basis, we expect this to be low single-digit growth business, so there's going to be some work ahead. We also know that there will be some bumps and some choppiness if you will and it's not as smooth as some of our other businesses. But I don't want at all to give the impression that we're satisfied or complacent here. I mean there's a lot of learning that we've done and we're going to try to learn and apply and be better at this going forward.
John Morikis: Yeah, Don. I'd say the sales miss you're right by a point or two from our forecast. And the miss is as you mentioned largely attributed to our international business. There is some work here to be done. We are certainly focused on this largest piece of our business here in North America. We do think longer term there are some opportunities as we reposition our brand in China to be a better competitor there. We do have a very small business small – in a smaller market in Australia that we didn't perform very well, and there's no hiding about that. But overall, if you look at the international business it was a drag and we have a goal of driving those better and we think we can.
John Morikis: Our business through our stores is about 85% professional painting contractor or property management and that's the piece that is obviously growing the fastest. We did have some growth in our DIY business. The DIY business relatively small piece and it's really focused on the specialty high-end consumer that's looking for a specialty store experience. So, we clearly are really focused on the professional side.
John Morikis: Yeah. Greg, a good portion of that was price volume was down. We talked about softness in certain markets and in certain regions of the globe. I would say, we're not done we are – our year-to-date operating margin is 14% just over 14%. We've talked about targeting a high-teens to low 20s, and you look at the significant ramp-up in raw materials that we saw in 2017 and 2018. We talked about Valspar specifically on industrial not being -- not getting a price early in 2017. So we're still chasing that. So as -- I'm happy with the progress we're making. The team has done a great job at cost control and the synergies that I talked about that are to come but we got more work to do.
John Morikis: Sure. Well as you mentioned, we're going through a pretty robust process and its -- to find a solution to meet our needs. And Greg, I know you've been here and many on the call have been to our building here to know that we operate in a building that's nearly 100 years old. And as we look at our ability to recruit and retain the highest caliber people in an productive and efficient environment -- the technology and innovation that we need to drive to continue to drive results that we know we can continue to drive on top of factoring in the maintenance costs and just overall issues that we faced in this building. We feel it's necessary to move towards the solution. We're in the midst of that process. We hope to make an announcement on the location by year end or early 2020. But realistically, Greg I would say that, this is not something that we prefer to do quite frankly. It's not something that we think is any type of -- we deserve a reward or this is our of necessity to be able to hire and retain the best people in this industry. And we owe it to our employees quite frankly to put them in a better environment that they're working in right now. And we look at the retention of these terrific people we need to make this move.
John Morikis: I'd say that, we're really looking at this to your point of where does it make sense? I don't -- I'm not a believer. I mean you can talk about the people in Minneapolis and then you could say, well, what about the people in Shanghai or in the U.K or – so where we believe that there are opportunities in synergies, we'll bring those together. But we're not at all -- we don't believe that every technical team needs to be here in Cleveland. That said, we like the idea of possible of getting our marketing people and our R&D people closer together and more consistency where there are synergies and efficiencies amongst the R&D teams. And that's what we're working towards.
John Morikis: Yes. I think what's nice about -- the growth is coming is in every region -- double digits in every region. So there's a lot of growth in a number of different segments and quite frankly, there's still some drag -- some pressure that we're feeling in the ag business, where it's been more influenced by some of the dynamics -- impacted by tariffs, the sales of the farming -- the products that are on farms or the equipment that they're storing all -- some of those delays are impacting coil. So we see upside there.  But overall I'd say that, this is a team that's really executing very well in bringing the products and technologies to customers in a very efficient way. And we've long talked about the efficiencies to be gained by the combined Sherwin and Valspar teams coming together and the assets and technologies and we're just starting to see some of that. So we think there's a lot of really good opportunities ahead for this business, despite where it's performing right now.
John Morikis: Yes, John. We're still crunching those numbers and it's hard to fully get a feel for that until you determine location, design and things like that. But we're in multiple buildings around Cleveland, Ohio all pretty old. My expectation is we're going to see some benefits of ongoing operating cost.
John Morikis: In Performance Coatings, I'd say there's probably not too much of that. I'd say what we might see is maybe a few more orders of lesser size, so greater frequency of smaller orders. But I don't know if we point to a significant reduction in inventory as having much impact on our number.
John Morikis: Exterior was up double digits and that would include paint stains and primers. Interior sales were up high-single digits.
John Morikis: Yeah, Justin. The comment about slowing in some of the regions we're in and macroeconomic discussions that I've had. We still have great market share opportunities across each of these businesses and each of these regions and you see that in coil and packaging as example where the teams have done a great job tying together technology and services to provide those solutions to those specific customers in those regions and they're making progress there. There's no shortage of other opportunities across each of the other businesses. And then specifically on the synergies, the $415 million run rate versus the $315 million we'll have to the P&L acquisition to date that will be by and large on Performance Coatings. And just -- and by design, the industrial integration was coming after the architectural integration and we're on path. We have a plan and rest assured as we implement those synergies we'll see those through the P&L. That being said, coming out of this year we talked about this. We're not going to be talking about synergies any longer. This is just going to be part of our normal culture of continuous improvement.
John Morikis: Yes. What I would say, our third quarter, we felt good about the third quarter. It was up mid-single digits in our new res space. If you look at some of the reports that are out there, Bob, homebuilder confidence is at the highest level in about two years right now and mortgage rates are certainly helping drive that, the solid job growth. There's lower new home inventory out there. If you look, kind of, at the second half of 2019, it's been pretty steady gains in the single-family construction. It's regularly that we always talk about, though that’s on the other side. The higher cost for land, labor, materials and the regulatory piece too. So those are some of the headwinds. But I'd say, overall, what our customers are telling us, we feel pretty good about. The most recent data talks about is a little bit mixed, single-family permits and starts were positive sequentially and year-to-year. Multifamily was a little bit more mixed. So, overall, though I think we feel pretty good about what our new res is heading right now.
John Morikis: I would say, it's a little bit of both, Dmitry. There clearly were some share gains and we also are the benefactor of some of the Commercial business. I'd also mention that we -- as I mentioned earlier, we did experience some pressure on the ag side that drew that back down a little bit. But you're right. We benefited from some of the commercial. We grew share and we continued to -- we're determined to continue to drive it.
John Morikis: We do, but we're not going to share it today. We feel good about it Rosemarie. There are a lot of efforts and a lot of projects that have been identified that we feel really comfortable about pursuing, but those are going to be things we think we're going to talk about as we are implementing them not before.
John Morikis: It is going to help, but again, I might take just a bit of exception to your assumption that we have moved through the non-BPA to -- or the BPA to non-BPA. There's quite a bit of road ahead there. I'd say we're in the very early innings of that conversion. So we're excited about this opportunity going forward as there -- there's a lot of runway ahead in that conversion.
John Morikis: It's all refinish and the trend for us particularly in North America, we're gaining some traction. Over the last couple quarters, we've spoken about the fact that the combined technologies the legacy Valspar and Sherwin technologies coming together provide an overall better system with greater speed for the VR shops to push vehicles through with greater efficiency. And we're out demonstrating that to customers right now with some very good traction, so we feel really good about the team's efforts there and we have some expectations for them as we go forward.
John Morikis: Yeah. That's a good point, because if you do look at the overall market, it was a relatively flat market due to the decline in collisions. So it's a very good observation on your part. That's what leads us to believe that the low single-digit gain that we achieved here in North America gives us some modest share gain.
John Morikis: Well, it varies by segment. We take great pride in that Chris. When you talk about as we do solution selling and consultative selling, it really takes a very good understanding of what your customers are trying to accomplish, so that you can be there one they need you if it's with product or service. Again, varying degrees. So when you look at a VR shops, vision might be a little bit shorter. And if you look at Protective & Marine as an example, where their pricing and coating projects that could be out a year in advance, I mean, there's a wide spectrum of projects. When you look at various OEM customers, I mean, there's -- depending on the industry varying degrees of line of sight. I think the point there -- the important point is though that we work closely with our customers to understand that. We want to be the ones that are helping them avoid excess inventory, avoid obsolescence, avoid having products that can be the wrong product and you do that by getting close to their needs and understanding what they're working on. So we've got a pretty good line of sight in most of the segments we're always working to make that better.
John Morikis: I'd say our approach Ghansham is pretty consistent. I know you've been following us for some time. Our view -- and I'll touch on this a bit earlier as it relates to the price cost. Our first effort is always to try to offset not just in our stores business, but in all our businesses try to drive efficiency into the equation to offset the raw material costs. We don't feel as though that that's a share question, because it -- when we don't have to go out with the price increase, our customers reward us with their loyalty, but the simple fact that we're open and honest with them about what's happening. That said, as cost go up and I use cost not to just point to raw material cost, but if it's labor or freight or others that we are unable to offset then we're in front of our customers talking about that. The key part of the equation there is we're helping them to be successful. And so as we're having these discussions and helping them to be successful, we're then reducing whatever it is that we're facing. Hopefully, we're able to offset raw material cost with efficiencies, but if the costs are going up we have to be open with them and we have those discussions.
John Morikis: Well, Kevin there's a number of points to that. And the first I might say is it's a smaller quarter. So it can be influenced a bit easier than the larger third – the second and third quarter. And often times what it might impact is the progress on a project. So yes, if it's nicer weather they might be outdoor painting -- there might be outdoor painting taking place, there might be issues if it's really a harsh winter as we saw last year with all trades and their ability to get on the project and move a project through the cycle. So it's all dependent upon what kind of weather and to what extent we deal with it and we really don't know. I mean each one of these can be different and unique in their own and we're going to just respond the best way we know given whatever we face.
Al Mistysyn: And Chris this is Al Mistysyn. Just as a reminder, we talked about the synergy progress that we're making and coming out of this year at a $415 million run rate through the P&L $315 million. And that $100 million is going to be by and large facilities and manufacturing and other consolidations as well as formulation adjustment. So there are other levers to pull along with our continued focus on market share opportunities and delivering new technologies innovative solutions and services to our customers to drive growth organically and that's where we think we're going to see the benefits.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, Jeff. We do expect raws to get sequentially better, not to the magnitude that we saw in our third quarter. As you remember the second and third quarter last year, we really saw a ramp-up in our raw material cost and then it moderated a little bit in the fourth quarter. So we do see a little bit of sequential improvement and we believe the fourth quarter will be lower year-over-year.
Al Mistysyn: And Jeff, I would just add. Since we have not announced any price increases at this point, when John talked about TAG being up mid- to high single-digits that implies it's a vast majority of the volume.
Al Mistysyn: No, John, I think you hit it right on the head. It's keeping up with the increased sales, but also we have 75 additional stores year-over-year commensurate number of reps. So we continue to invest in our growth opportunities specifically in North America stores. Regardless of -- we saw a little softness in consumer because of the year-over-year dynamics there and we saw a little bit of softness in industrial. You can be rest assured we'll continue to invest in these growth opportunities specifically on North America stores.
Al Mistysyn: Vince we try to be as realistic as we can when we put our guidance together. I look at FX as just part of our ongoing business. It's hard to say, hey we're going to back out if I take a hit in one country or another. We choose to be there. We choose to operate our businesses there because we think there's opportunity. We also did have the benefit in the quarter on supply chain improvements in our Consumer Brands Group that helped the operating margin growth. As you recall last year we talked about the load-in to the new customer program that caused us some challenges in that quarter. So that benefit won't be there and going forward. But if you look at our fourth quarter, at the midpoint, our full year guidance is to be up almost 14% like John talked about. That tells you we got to be up almost 21% in the fourth quarter on top of a 12% increase a year ago. So I think those are pretty strong results for our fourth quarter and we feel very good about that.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Steve I'd say you look at the flow-through and as Jim was alluding to we're not seeing as much of a benefit on the raw material moderation in our architectural side of the business. So the stores, when you get up into the mid-30s on flow-through, we feel very good about that. So we continue to add the stores that I talked about and we had 75 additional year-over-year and we continue to have commensurate number of reps. So I think we feel good about that flow-through incremental operating margin. And if the stores could do that all the time we'd be happy with that.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Kevin, clearly we're seeing wage inflation. And if you look at it year-over-year it has ticked up a little bit as unemployment has continued to decline. And we have seen freight increases and distribution increases. When we look at – as well as health care. And when we look at our cost, we look at it as a total cost basket and try to determine where that's headed, what the impacts are. We obviously try to push back on that and get efficiencies to offset it. But absent getting those offset, we have to go to the market with price.
Al Mistysyn: Yes Arun. We are generating a lot of cash through the nine months of over $1.7 billion almost with 12.1% of sales and we manage our CapEx below 2% as you know and we've gotten back to our historical capital allocation policy. We've raised the dividend over 31%. And with the dividends and share buybacks, we've returned over $893 million to our shareholders, a 46% increase and we're going to be very consistent on that going forward. So, as you know we're not going to hold cash. And absent a more robust M&A pipeline, we're going to buy back our stock.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Duffy the Santa Clara California case was resolved for $305 million with each co-dependent paying $101.7 million over six years. We made the initial payment of about $25 million on September 23rd of this year. We'll make annual payments of approximately $12 million on or about September 23rd next year and all the way through 2024. And then we'll make a final payment of approximately $16.7 million in September of 2025.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah. We're continuing to put in capacity – expand capacity in other sites to make sure we're going to service first our stores' strong, strong volume growth that we see had in the third quarter and the outlook plus the Lowe's volume growth that we've seen. So, we haven't made those calls yet, but as you know our normal practice we will tell our employees first and then we'll talk about it going forward.
Al Mistysyn: P.J. what I would add to that though is we still can see – continue to see the trend from Do It Yourself to Do It For Me as the population ages. That leads into the resi paint that we talked about being high-single digits in the quarter. We grew high-single digits compounded for the previous five years. So, as the demographic trends continue, and we are probably skewed more heavily to new construction as John mentioned earlier than the overall market. We will continue to grow faster in the market with those trends.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah, I think P.J. you're right. We are going to be below three to one by the end of this year. Our target is two times to two and half. And as John talked about with – earlier about M&A, we're going to be very disciplined about our approach to M&A that – we look at it for the long term not. I understand Europe is a little bit slower. Asia is probably slower than what we had expected, specifically on the industrial side. But we look at the long-term. So, if the right opportunity were to present itself at the right price. We absolutely would go after it.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Obviously with the low interest rates that we refinanced the 2.25 and 2.75, 2022 we did the – you recall in the second quarter we did the $400 million U.S. euro currency swap. So net-net, it's going to be pretty neutral going forward, maybe down a little bit depending on what we do next year.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah. We're going to certainly call out amortization. We'll see how -- what we do with integration, but we're working through the plan John, and how best to communicate. But the goal here is to make sure our shareholders had a clean line of sight for our ongoing operating results.
Al Mistysyn: Yeah. If you recall at our Investor Day, we talked about that $100 million being spread out over the next few years. I would say the $100 million has projects in the pipeline to support it, but we got to get to execution and really dial in to what we think we're going to say. So there might be a little bit of variability in there. But we definitely have the projects identified. Now it's all about execution.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. As you would expect with our stores, our North America paint stores in TAG in particular being up mid to high single-digits at higher gross margin that's going to help. But you definitely see a seasonal tick down. So, I would expect our sequential gross margin to be lower. But certainly -- and this is a little bar, but certainly, high by year-over-year.
Al Mistysyn: You're going to see a little -- think about because we have the load-in in the third quarter and then didn't have any in the fourth quarter. It would be less -- it should be less than that this year.
Al Mistysyn: Sure Truman. Yes, I'll parse that out maybe in a couple of different pieces, maybe I'll start with the TiO2 piece. I mean what we're seeing the industry pricing for high-grade chloride TiO2 has been pretty stable over the past year and we're not seeing anything necessarily overly favorable or unfavorable that's going to change that in the fourth quarter. I think it's one of the earlier questions that we will talk about our view on TiO2 for next year when we give our outlook in 2020. I think on the petrochemical side of the basket, that's where we're seeing some of the benefit right now in certain parts of the basket. Again we don't sell propylene or ethylene directly. Those are key parts of what we make and there's other market dynamics there as well but I think that if things were to stay flat where they are right now heading into 2020, we did say that the first quarter of 2019 was the highest inflation that we had this year. So, the things will stay flat from here. It's probably reasonable to think that 2020 could -- we could see some tailwind there. But beyond that, pretty hard to tell what's going to happen.
Al Mistysyn: Yes, Truman. I will start with volume and especially when it's our North America Paint Stores volume. That's always going to be the best leverage we have. It is our highest margin business and it grows fast than company and such a -- it's our growth engine. It's such a big portion of our business that drives our margin. We did have the year-over-year comparison with the run-up in raw materials that we saw in the second and third quarters of last year. So, probably a little easier comp than what you'll see going forward. We did have synergies in the quarter and we did have the benefit of the year-over-year supply chain improvement. So, with moderating raw material cost as we talked about the teams have done a nice job with pricing discipline. But again there's more to go there. We have been chasing that significant increase in raw materials the past three years now. And year-to-date our operating -- our gross margin adjusted is 44.7% proper. So, we feel good about the progress we're making, but we got a ways to go to get to the long-term target or 45% to 48%.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. I would say, there's a number of things we look at there, Bob. So LIRA, the leading indicator of remodeling activity, certainly they are forecasting sort of a modest decline in the back half of next year. But what I'd remind you is they measure that in dollars. And so, a lot of it is driven by big ticket, big remodeling projects. Some of the smaller projects like a painting of your kitchen or a painting of a bathroom; those tend to hold up maybe a little bit better in an environment like that. I'd say existing home sales are another driver. Those have been pretty choppy over the last year. Today, there was some new data out that said they were down sequentially, but that followed two months where they were up. Year-over-year, existing home sales are still up low single-digit, so that will be a driver. And I think when you look at all of that, you look at the aging housing stock that's out there, home value appreciation is still continuing, the employment backdrop is good. And to John's earlier point about share of wallet and new account activation, I think, we still feel pretty good about the repaint opportunity for us.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Dmitry, I'd say, it was a little bit less than what you would see in the stores. I would say, Dmitry, outside the U.S. in those smaller consumer segments it's not material.
Al Mistysyn: Yes. Ghansham, it's still looking a couple of years out. We're in the middle of putting together our 2020 plans. Obviously, we'll share those with you at our year end call. I mean, you look at some of those metrics and we're making progress whether it's on EBITDA with an 80 basis point growth year-to-date with net operating cash over 12% of sales. So we're making progress on different fronts. The factor there with raw material cost and it's also top-line growth. And if you go back two years, I think, we were expecting a little bit better top-line growth than what we're seeing across the different segments.
Al Mistysyn: Kevin, this is Al. Yes, there's always more levers to be pulled. I mean -- and we try to -- as I say we're controlling our cost. Industrial wood is an example where as John talked about it's been soft and we think it'll be soft going forward. But there's other areas that we're still investing in for growth opportunities. So I think the teams have responded to the slower sales and we'll continue to manage that.
Jim Jaye: And Don I would just add to that your last statement. Guardsman is behind us. It was divested in September of last year and we are not going to be going up against any significant load-in the fourth quarter.
Jim Jaye: Yeah. If you look at the overall industry DIY is about 38% of the gallons. So it's a bigger slice in the industry obviously than it is in our stores.
Jim Jaye: Yeah. I'd add to that Greg that as we've been going through this process, we've made a conscious decision of trying to work with our customers. While the raws increased rapidly, we try to work with our customers, and allowing them to work through the pricing to their customers ultimately. And we accepted some compression there as the new owners of the business that hadn't had a price increases in the market that it really needed and had quite frankly demonstrated over the last few decades because of the cost -- the overall cost -- the relative cost of raw materials and overall cost of goods. You need to get the pricing through when it rises. Here we made a decision that we work with our customers that's to Al's point, we're working with them in a way to pass those through because we need to recover that as well.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, Jessie and thanks everybody for joining us on the call today. I appreciate your interest in everything we're doing and your support. I will be around and Eric Swanson will be around for your questions over the remainder of the week and we look forward to talking with you. Thanks so much. Have a great afternoon and rest of your week.
