Allen J. Mistysyn: Hi, Arun. This is Allen Mistysyn. When you look at our full year sales guidance, the price we have in there, as you know, Paint Stores Group announced the 3% to 5% price increase effective December 1. We expect that to be effective similar to previous price increases, maybe even a little bit better considering the last price increase we had was first quarter 2014. So, you can expect around a 75% effectiveness there. When you look at volume, Paint Stores Group continues to take share, we believe, and we expect – you can expect our sales to roll out similar to how our 2016 sales rolled out. And what I mean by that is when we say mid-single digit, typically our Paint Stores Group is in the high end of that or maybe even a little above that. New stores, as John mentioned in his comment, being 90 to 100. You can consider that similar impact as 2016, which is roughly 1% on Paint Stores. And then one other thing I would say, on revenue reclass, because we had a half year revenue reclass in 2016 and the impact was around 1%, full year 2017 we'd have a similar impact. And then the final thing I would mention on our sales guidance is we do still believe FX will be a headwind but just not to the effect it was in 2016.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah. Yes, Matt. So, when you look at the sales increase in the fourth quarter, it's really minimally impacted by the price increase as December is our smallest month in that quarter.
Allen J. Mistysyn: John, I'll take the non-paint sales. We feel they performed fairly well throughout the year. We saw – we did see an uptick in the fourth quarter similar to what we saw in our volumes. But I think overall, we're pretty happy with the performance of the non-paint sales, which includes, by the way, spray equipment.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Chris, if you think about past price increases, what you'll typically see and we'll see that again is a slight downtick in our gross margin. And then, as the effectiveness becomes – as we come more effective through our customers in 90 days, 180 days, you'll start seeing that turnaround and that's what I would expect in this price increase as well.
Allen J. Mistysyn: I wouldn't say we're concerned. I think when you look at the last two years on how our comp store sales have trended, our biggest quarters are still on second and third quarter. Although we're working hard on programs and plans with our customers to get on top of that in the second and third quarters, it still remains to be seen how effective that is and if there's other changes that occur, whether it's immigration policy or whatever that might impact us. So, that would be the only thing that would give us any pause.
Allen J. Mistysyn: We have not gotten to a narrowed-down range on the impact of the valuation. And I think, Duffy, we would make sure that it's clear. We'd give you enough information and the investors enough information to get to a cash EPS, so what the incremental impact on amortization/depreciation of the step-up accounting is, and we want to be as transparent as we can of that.
Allen J. Mistysyn: I think if you look at our guidance and think about with the raw material price increases in that – let me frame it this way. Our improvement in operating margin is not going to come from as big a gross margin improvement as we've seen over the last few years. So when you look at SG&A, we're going to get SG&A leverage to hit that EPS guidance. And we set ourselves up, I think, fairly well. We did some things in the fourth quarter to get us in a position to do that. You saw that in our leverage we got in our SG&A on the fourth quarter. And I don't think the environment, promotional activity or that will be any different...
Allen J. Mistysyn: Matt, what I would point you to is we felt very good about Paint Stores Group year and they had a strong year. When you look at their incremental margin ex the rev reclass, it was 42% for the year, and that came through primarily gross margin expansion. In the quarter, it was a little bit over 24%. And as John commented in his opening remarks, that did include a LIFO benefit in our fourth quarter last year as a comparison. We didn't have that same benefit this year. So, I think the 42% is probably higher than we would expect going forward but certainly in line with where we would expect.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah. I think when you look at our fourth quarter, we had some things in it, just the timing of discrete items and our full-year at 33% is consistent with prior. I think, our first quarter, the stock comp adjustment is our largest quarter. So, our core tax rate will be around the 32%, and you got to think about how that flowed this year and there'll be a few percentage points on that.
Allen J. Mistysyn: So, on the debt, certainly our cash ended a little bit better than we thought it would. We had a strong cash quarter. The debt that we'll issue similar to what we've been talking about, Chuck, we would – any proceeds we get from the divestiture would go towards the reduction of that debt. And, I think, as you know, we had the treasury lock rates in place. We'll issue the debt as we get closer to closing of the acquisition. And I think, like I said, I think we'll be around that same number we've been talking about.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yes, sir. 32%. Looking forward, Valspar has a much bigger presence outside the U.S. and as you would expect, that should be lower on the weighted of the two.
Allen J. Mistysyn: For the impairment, if you think about our Latin America Coatings Group, the high watermark in operating margin was about 10% in 2012. And over the past few years, they've been dealing with the economies that you talked about, the currency headwinds .An quite honestly, the sales and profit haven't been up to our expectations. With that, including 2016 and building off of that base, your sales and profit projections and the cash that it generates just didn't support the goodwill we had on the balance sheet. So, that's why we took the impairment.
Allen J. Mistysyn: The change in gross profit for Paint Stores Group was $62 million and the gross profit change for Consumer was $2 million.
Allen J. Mistysyn: I think with the stock comp change, our book and cash taxes are more similar. I would say on our current book of business that might be the case. To your point, about a 10% reduction in tax rates, does that correlate to a 10% reduction in ours, that may be the case today. But if you look forward with Valspar, we will get a bigger chunk of our profits from outside the U.S. and that's going to change things a little bit. So, we'll model that as we go forward but that's kind of where we're at.
Allen J. Mistysyn: So, for Latin America, what I talked about with where we were at, at the high watermark and where we're at today, I think the team has taken all the steps as far as right-sizing the organization. We're continuously looking for opportunities to improve our SG&A and to extend our margins, whether that's through our factories, distribution or whatnot. But from just a reorganizational standpoint, I think we're where we want to be.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yeah. But it was primarily related to the continued devaluation. If you think about some of the devaluations that have taken place, it is the reais that really has turned around in this year, but it's still well devalued from where it was just a few years ago. So, the pricing actions we're taking are catching us up to that devaluation, as an example.
Allen J. Mistysyn: I would say that in the quarter, our Paint Stores Group had a much stronger finish to the year than we had in the guidance. And also, Latin America Coatings Group in the investments that John talked about that the team has been making started paying off and that also was a benefit relative to our guidance. As far as the gross margin, I think we don't give out the specific of each of them. But as I mentioned before, the margin improvement, we do expect to have a margin expansion in 2017. It will not be, as you can imagine, similar to previous few years. But with continuous improvement mindset in that, we expect to have some. And the volume gains that Paint Stores Group is getting and putting through our North American supply chain, we do expect to get some margin expansion. The key will be on the SG&A leverage that we get.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. Arun, I'd say what gives us the confidence is the continued discussions that we have with our customers and we've talked about over the last couple of quarters the impact of the labor constraints on our contractors, and I've referenced a few times the comments that we have continuously heard about their ability to do more work if they had more labor. And I think it's clear now to see that that's most prevalent in the second and third quarter which are their busiest quarters. So, they were running at capacity. So, coming into the fourth quarter with less labor constraint and a heavy backlog of work, they clearly had a better performance and we expect that to continue as we go into the first quarter. And we're working very hard as always to continue to position ourselves to be the supplier of choice when they're making their decision on which supplier.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. I would say that if you look at the effective day, the first of December roll in the smallest month, and as Al mentioned, we're rolling this in. So, we expect to have good effectiveness in the rollout of the price increase, but it would certainly have been negligible in the fourth quarter.
John G. Morikis: Right. And on the P&M, Protective & Marine side, it continues to be a drag. Obviously, much less of a drag as we go into more seasonal period. But that's largely driven by our strong position in our petrochem. We're continuing to focus on that business. There's still a lot of opportunity for us to grow, but we're also working, I think, quite well given the efforts on the team pivoting to other segments. So, we're not waiting for that segment, the petrochem, to recover as a means of driving our performance. We're working very hard in these adjacent markets, other segments, and we're really starting to see some good penetration there. It takes some time before we can over that petrochem number though.
John G. Morikis: Well, we're obviously very limited in what we can comment on regarding this. We're very pleased with the progress we're making. The business that to be divested has been identified and we're working through the FTC with that, to that process. But we're really not going to expand to much greater than that right now. We mentioned that it's well below the $650 million. But right, now we're working closely and, I think, quite well with the FTC, and we want to make sure that we respect the boundaries there.
John G. Morikis: Regarding labor, I would say that this has not been the second consecutive year where our contractors has faced a challenging, if you will, Q2 and Q3 as it relates to labor. And we've been talking to them, and I do actually believe their confidence in the market is pushing them to be more aggressive in hiring additional labor. And I think there have been some questions as the business has unfolded about the stability or the firmness of the market and I think there's obviously a very growing level of confidence. And I think we'll see our customers be far more active and trying to bring more labor on as we go into the painting season this year.
John G. Morikis: But I'd also add that the effectiveness is going to be a little bit stronger. Given the rate of growth in our residential repaint business, there are some opportunities with mix to offset some of that as well. So, we actually have very good confidence in the fact and, again, over repeating it here, but we've not had a price increase since the first quarter of 2014. The phase-in will be mixed based on customer, type of customer, types of projects, but we're out there working hard. You don't do a price increase on December 1. It's actually we work with our customers around the year providing those solutions to them that help them be more productive in their business. And so, if we're more successful in helping them, then it's a better discussion, and that's what we've been working on for many years here.
John G. Morikis: Well, I think it's early to comment on gaining shares from other channels. I'd say, given information that's out available in the market right now, we're feeling good about the momentum we have. It's certainly not complacent. I mean, we're driven to get better every day. But I would say that there's clearly been some shift from DIY to the contractor-based business, if that was your question. But I'd also say that, as I mentioned, there's clearly been more demand than there was labor to be able to satisfy that, and that clearly shifted into the fourth quarter.
John G. Morikis: I think it's a little bit of both. I think it's a little bit of both. There was a level of confidence that, I think, the teams that we're getting – we've gotten over the hill on, but there clearly is a demand or desire to hire more than what they've been successful in hiring thus far.
John G. Morikis: We actually had a nice rebound in the fourth quarter DIY. So, our sales were up in the fourth quarter, not quite as high as our – some of our contractor segments. We had really, really strong double-digit gains in res repaint. The other segments in the wholesale were strong and DIY would have been amongst them.
John G. Morikis: Well, I'd say that Dunn-Edwards is a terrific company and one that we have long admired. And the reason we've admired them for such a long time is they've got quality products, quality people and a terrific, as you mentioned, footprint. They've been very good competitors. And I don't expect that any of our people on the ground there ever took Dunn-Edwards as a light competitor or someone that you didn't have to be very careful of and work hard to try to grow our business and maintain the business that we had. So, yeah, we respect that there's another competitor in the market. But we've got great confidence in our model. We've got great confidence in our strategy. And we have found that the greatest success we have is when we focus on our execution. And they've always been a good competitor out there. We expect they'll continue to be a good competitor. But while we'll watch what they do, we're going to be really focused on outstanding execution of our strategy.
John G. Morikis: Well, we feel great about them. We're not going to raise them here. I mean, we're still working through a number of blueprinting and kind of our approach to the combined business. We feel very good about them. We're excited about it, wonderful people, wonderful products, great customers. There's great complement to our business. We're very excited. But right now, that's our target. And as we get in it, to Al's point, transparency is important. We understand that. But right now, that's our goal, that's where we're focused on.
John G. Morikis: I think you should take great confidence in our previous actions when – we don't think that we're in a similar environment, but in the not too distant past here when raws were really, I'll call it, out of control, they were growing very aggressively, and we demonstrated the discipline we have to go out and put price increases in the market, not by choice, but given the ability that we have to continue to bring value to our customers and help them, we were successful in doing that. And we don't think it's anywhere near that situation here in the current environment, but if we found ourselves in that environment, I think we've demonstrated the determination to do that and, at the same time, our ability to demonstrate the value to our customers to maintain those customers through that difficult time.
John G. Morikis: No. That won't be affected. I mean, we're going to continue to do the right things to reach out to our customers. But to Al's point, we clearly try to remain disciplined in our approach to SG&A. So, we'll be managing the SG&A and continuing to reach out to our customers.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. We are starting to see some rebound, you're right, and that combined with the pivoting into other areas that I'd mentioned, we have high expectations of that team. And so when do we expect to see it, it can't come soon enough. We're pushing hard and we're counting on that team to deliver. So, we're working on that very hard right now.
John G. Morikis: I'd say that they were very similar. We, as mentioned, had a good fourth quarter in paint. The pressure that we felt was outside of the U.S., mainly the UK stain and sealer business. So, across most of our channels here in the U.S., I'd say we had a pretty good performance on paint on the consumer side.
John G. Morikis: Well, you're right, and for the past two years, the group had benefited from the successful integration of those two acquisitions that we made in Europe, the Becker and Sayerlack, as well as the acquisition that we made in Asia, Inchem. And both of those acquisitions brought along scale, technology, and talent outside of the U.S. There's a team has really been working hard at driving the synergies in those acquisitions. And by the way, it will be the same teams that are actively involved in the Valspar integration. So, they've been doing a very good job from an integration standpoint. And to your point, the focus is on driving sales and growing market share. And I actually felt very good about the momentum that we have in some markets. In Europe, we're doing quite well and in some of the segments in Asia. The scale effect that we've experienced will continue. This will also benefit greatly from Valspar as those businesses come together. We'll have additional technology and a customer base to pursue. So, while we're pleased, obviously, with the improvement on the bottom line, we also know that it's absolutely critical that we drive the top line. So, the scale has helped. There's a lot of focus on growing market share going forward, and we've got confidence in that team and the ability to do that.
John G. Morikis: I don't see the halo effect on the store to the retail side. And on the consumer side – I'm sorry, on the promotional side, I don't think there was any significant shift at all on the consumer side. That team has been working very hard and we've been open about some of the traction that we've been gaining, kind of starting a little slower than what was expected and then over the last two years working to be able to more effective. And I think we're starting to see some of that traction pay off.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. And to your question about going forward, I'd say we clearly see that the investments are starting to pay off that we've been making with improved volume, and even the pricing actions that we've been able to experience. While we expect economic conditions to improve there, we also expect that they'll be choppy from quarter to quarter. Our teams are really working hard down there to position themselves favorably in the market. And we've been really doing, I think, some heavy lifting down there. But all these comes back together to the point that I take away, not only just in Latin America, but across the entire company, where we're continuing to grow sales and market share across many of our businesses, Latin America included. I think we're demonstrating the ability to improve the mix by providing that superior solution to those customers and the discipline to offset the input cost inflation with pricing that's needed. And so when you are converting sales to profit like we are, we're improving our return on sales and focusing on cash, not only in Latin America but around the company. It gives us confidence, in Latin America, here in the U.S. and around the world.
John G. Morikis: I was going to say, Ivan, the Latin America was $2.5 million and Global Finishes Group was $1.1 million. (01:07:39).
John G. Morikis: It would largely be in our Protective & Marine. You'd see some in our Product Finishes as well. We would have maybe fabricators that might be tucked in onto that business.
John G. Morikis: I believe you're right on the past two owners. But I'd say we live a healthy life of concern, right? So, we don't want to take anything for granted. And so while there's a lot of competitors in the market right now, Dunn-Edwards has been a very good one in the past, we're not taking anything for granted. And they've done a terrific in the past. We expect that they'll continue to do a terrific job. And our job is to get better every day.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. I'd say that we continue to see this product in more and more test applications which is exciting for us. We've had a number of hospitals that are using the product and others that are testing it. What we're finding is that they – they, meaning our customers – want to put these through a validation process which we expected and that's what we're working through right now. So, we always want to sell more. So, while there's clearly momentum in the gallons that are going out, we want to continue to drive that at a faster rate. And that's what our teams are working on.
John G. Morikis: Well, there's a few things. As I mentioned, I believe that our customers have gotten a little more comfortable in growing what might be perceived initially as their fixed cost by adding incremental labor, number one. Number two, I believe the idea of product selection has become more important. And that actually benefits us. So, when we're introducing products of higher quality to our customers, they're able to be more productive on the job and we're benefiting from that. We're seeing a positive mix shift in the choice of gallons used by many of these customers because they recognize higher-quality product. Might cost them a bit more in a gallon of paint, but helps them tremendously, not only in their cost of labor, but speed of labor. And the last thing I would add is that we're working closely with many customer groups in continuing to innovate new products that will help them. In fact, this year, 2017, we're launching 17 new architectural products into our Stores Group on top of, I think, it was 23 last year, and I believe it was 25 the year before. And so it's been a tremendous driver in our pipeline of innovation as well to try to help our customers.
John G. Morikis: No, I think you're right. I don't think it changes. I think we're proceeding quite well, we believe. And we're very respectful of whoever we're speaking to on the FTC side.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. We talk an awful lot about, Chris, the mindset of continuous improvement in our organization. There's not a finish line in that space. I mean, we're going to constantly be looking for those opportunities. And to your point about right-sizing in other parts of the world, as you heard when we were talking about our Global Finishes Group attacking the synergies between the two acquisitions that we've made, those have been many years in the progress, and we're still working very hard at that, and it's going to continue. So, I think you should expect us to continue to look for those but be very smart. At the same time, we're investing in other levers that can help us grow our business.
John G. Morikis: No. That's incorrect. We had a volume increase in a number of our countries down there, the strongest being Mexico, and we had some good performance.
John G. Morikis: Well, I'd first point out that it really points to the strength of what we've seen in the market and our continued drive to get better position in the market. As we've talked about the residential repaint, this is the 11th of 13 quarters with a double-digit gain.
John G. Morikis: And so, the other segments, the contractor segments that we focus on were also very, very strong. You're right, to some degree, in that the Protective & Marine drag has been weighing on our results, and it was muted because of the seasonality of it. But it still speaks to the strength of those segments, our confidence in our position there and our determination to get even better.
John G. Morikis: Well, I think it's a smaller quarter, so the absolute numbers improve. And our focus on the Protective & Marine during this fourth quarter is much less because of the seasonality. So, I'm not quite sure if I'm answering your question.
John G. Morikis: Again, just the residential portion of our business was very, very strong. Well, I say that but many of the commercial segments were stronger than we expected as well. We have a very good momentum there.
John G. Morikis: We would expect to absolutely leverage the incremental volume through our stores' organization and you're starting to see some of that in the fourth quarter. It's an area of focus for us. This is an important part of our business and one where from an expense standpoint, would not require incremental expense for us to be able to pursue the incremental volume.
John G. Morikis: So, Richard, we've sworn oath not to ever talk about weather again. There's always good weathering areas and bad weathering areas, and we don't like to point to that. We know that our shareholders are counting on us to make things better every day, and so, yeah, there's areas that have had some tough weather and if it's the ice or tornadoes, whatever, and there are other areas that are nice. And so we quite frankly insist that our people focus on how they improve their results, not report the weather, so. It's not anything I want to really comment on.
Robert J. Wells: Also, as a reminder, the revenue reclassification hits stores the greatest and they will have that in the first and second quarter.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, Chris, this is Bob. I'll take the first half of that, and that is our outlook for the repaint market, on both the residential and commercial side, is very positive for 2017. On the residential side, obviously, existing home turnover drives repaint activity but only about 15% to 20% of the market is driven by actual turnover, and a significant share of the market is driven by home values which, obviously, have been very positive. I just read this morning, 58 consecutive months of rising home prices. So, that is certainly driving the repaint and remodeling side of the market. We expect mid-single digit to high-single digit growth in the repaint/remodel side of the market in the coming year. And as a reminder, that's 80% of residential industry gallon volume. So, it's a significant piece of the market, and we expect very good momentum in that piece. On the non-residential side, we are seeing some pickup in property management, property maintenance activity. It's very likely, as we see more churn in office space and apartment, that we'll see that pickup but you've got to see more churn. Churn has been slow in 2015 and 2016.
Robert J. Wells: And let me add to that, Duffy, that your point about the store base or the store concentration is well taken. But as you know from our business, it doesn't require a lot of capital to expand a store base. So, we don't view a competitor like Dunn-Edwards as ever having been capital constrained in their ability to grow their store count, so we don't necessarily see this new owner as being a tougher competitor from that regard.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah. Good question, Matt. Because – I think it depends on what happens to the price increases in TiO2 nominated for the first and second quarter. If you look back at 2016, first quarter was the trough. So, we started seeing TiO2 inflate beginning in the second quarter, which means that the history is going to start to rise as we go through 2017. It remains to be seen whether TiO2 inflation rises at the same pace as the comp or stronger or less. At this point, we think that most of the low-single-digit inflation for 2017 year-over-year is going to be driven by TiO2. We suspect given inventory levels right now and the fact that fourth quarter was actually a pretty busy quarter for them, that they're going to get likely a little traction on the price increases that they've nominated. But again, that remains to be seen. And I think you can model raw material costs at a low-single-digit rate pretty much across all four quarters.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah, Nils. I think and I'm not sure how much high-grade chloride TiO2 that is sold in the United States is produced in the United States. I do believe the vast majority of our sources are domestic. I think that may not be the same in the case of sulfate TiO2. I think a lot of that is imported. But chloride, we see sufficient capacity in the U.S. market to supply U.S. demand at the current growth rate. And growth rates in 2016 in the domestic market were probably mid-single digits, and we think that supply can grow in line with that rate of demand growth.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, Stephen. This is Bob. On the TiO2 issue, they kind of had a perfect storm at the end of the year. They were running mid-single-digit growth kind of throughout the year. And then at yearend, you saw our volumes in the fourth quarter, they had kind of a spike in demand that did not allow them to build inventory at the rate they normally would coming into 2017. So, there are strained inventory levels and that will keep utilization rates high and inventory levels fairly low going through the first two quarters, because those are the strong-demand quarters. And those are actually favorable market conditions for them. However, we think there's ample capacity in the market. So, the offset to that and to that kind of good environment for them, is that they're going to raise their operating rates. And if demand coming out of the gates is not robust in 2017, it's very likely that the pricing that they've announced for the first two quarters is going to, at least, break to some degree, if not entirely.
Robert J. Wells: Of Paint Stores Group, yes. But there's also a component in Latin America and a component in Global Finishes. But the domestic piece here, to your question, is Paint Stores Group.
Robert J. Wells: No, we are expecting mild inflation in the petrochemical side of the basket. You may have noticed that polypropylene pricing for January settled up quite a bit. We anticipated some upward pressure in propylene – I said polypropylene – it's actually propylene settled up quite a bit. That move came a little earlier than expected, but we believe it was primarily a function of higher propane demand for heating and propylene restocking, primarily amongst polypropylene customers. In our view, both of these factors are short term, and we are not convinced that the move in January is going to result in more petrochemical inflation than we anticipated in our initial forecast, which is relatively mild.
Robert J. Wells: And Protective & Marine was still a drag in the quarter, just less than it has been over the last couple quarters. The majority of the rebound in the comp was from the fact that contractors do not face the same labor constraints in the fourth quarter that they do in the third. We saw a significant pickup in activity amongst new residential, residential repaint, and most of the architectural segments picked up pretty solidly.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah. In the prepared remarks, Eric, we mentioned that contractor business grew high-single digit. So, that's across all end market, the sales – architectural paint sales to contractors grew high-single digits.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah. First, Dave, I mentioned early on in the call that only about 15%, 20% of residential repaint activity is driven by existing home turnover and what's driving the other part, the 80% to 85%, we believe is rapid appreciation in home values. People are just more comfortable investing in remodeling and repainting activity when they're investing in an appreciating asset. So we think we've gotten a tailwind from appreciating home values that would make actual residential repaint activity in the market outpace what existing home turnover would imply the pace should be. We also think that we're gaining share in residential repaint. And that is in part due to your point that the shift from DIY to do it for me, we think that also tends to pick up pace when home values are appreciating. So, the market conditions we're seeing here and particularly driven by rapidly appreciating home values is a net benefit for repaint and remodeling activity.
Robert J. Wells: And you mentioned that housing starts are only up mid single-digits. Mid single-digits volume growth to our North America supply chain would generate a pretty substantial amount of leverage.
Robert J. Wells: Thanks again, Jessie. And first, thanks to all of you for hanging with us this long. I'll wrap up quickly by asking you all to save the date of Thursday, May 25, on your calendars. That's the day we'll host our annual Financial Community Presentation this year in New York at the Marriott Marquis. The program will consist of brief business reviews by our segment leadership teams, followed by a more detailed update on our Valspar integration plan and progress. We'll host our customary Q&A session followed by a reception and lunch. Again, that date is Thursday, May 25. We'll be sending out invitations and related information in a link to our registration site in late March. So, please watch your e-mail. As usual, I'll be available for any follow-up questions you have today and tomorrow. Thanks for joining us today and thank you, again, for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
