John G. Morikis: Yes. So initially, I would maybe add sort of this way. We did see high single-digit growth in our new residential and our residential repaint business. We saw a solid year-over-year increases in our commercial and our healthcare businesses, and modest gains in our Property Management. As I mentioned, just a moment ago, we did see a modest decline in DIY, and our P&M worsened sequentially. So, our outlook obviously remains very positive. We see the fundamentals of the business are very solid, and have great confidence in the investments that we're making that we're going to continue to be able to grow market share. We talked – actually Bob just covered geographically about the growth with Canada leading the market, and talked about the different geographies. So, I think we captured that in the comments just a moment ago.
John G. Morikis: Well, we prefer to let our customers talk about the trends within those areas. We do work very hard to work with them, to support them, and we're proud of that INFINITY product. We think it provides a terrific technology for an important customer of ours, but we'd prefer to let them comment about their specific results.
John G. Morikis: We made it a practice, Jeff, to talk about our stores pricing. We prefer not to talk about pricing outside of the stores organization.
John G. Morikis: Your point is a good one. The confidence that we have, we believe is built on the fundamentals of the market and we continue to believe that investing in this business is going to be a key part of our success, but the contractors that we've spoken to continue to believe that there are plenty of opportunities ahead. I mentioned the residential business that we saw growing, nearly double-digit increase in residential repaint over 9%. And speaking to these customers about the constraints that they feel as a result of the labor has had an impact on their business. So, we're confident in this model that we have. We're continuing to invest in it. We believe that the investment in our stores, reps and products are going to continue to allow us to continue drive that operating margin. We're going to have a good operating margin improvement this year. We expect to have a good operating margin improvement next year, and we think that the fundamentals of the market support the contractor base that we're focused on.
John G. Morikis: Yes. I'll take the first piece on the bottom of the P&M. We do feel as though that we're nearing bottom. This has been a tough road here with the oil and gas predominantly under a lot of pressure. We have, as I mentioned in previous calls, worked to pivot our efforts into accelerating in other segments where we've been focused on for many years, but we expect to be able to accelerate our sales in those areas. The fact is that the oil and gas is a big part of our business. It's been an area that we've been focused on for many years, and we've had significant success, and it's had an impact on our business as it's slowing down. But, we're continuing to growing in areas within oil and gas, as well as some of these other areas within Protective & Marine.
John G. Morikis: Yes. I think it's a bit early to tell if there's the issue with market, I don't think we have enough data right now to know how our growth in the market compared to our competitors. Our third quarter last year showed the same sequential softness, as Bob mentioned before rebounding in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. And as I mentioned, we believe that the growth that we saw in the architectural side in residential repaint and new residential, a very high strong performance, the solid year in commercial and healthcare that I mentioned as well as the modest gains in Property Management, we still feel as that we're growing share, and most importantly I would say would be the fundamentals, the position that we have in the marketplace with the contractor continuing to outpace the market and our positioning there and our continued investment there is what gives us the most confidence. These stores that we're adding, the reps that we're adding, the new products that we're adding as well as our core locations we believe will allow us to continue to grow our share.
John G. Morikis: Well, I think it speaks to what we've spoken about frequently which is, when we know, we typically go. And the fact is that, the last price increase as you know that we took was in the first quarter of 2014. Many of our operating expense categories have risen since then, our wage and benefits, our store rent and presumably, as Bob just mentioned, we're going to see some raw material increases. And so, we knew it was time for a price increase and we decided to go ahead and move on it.
John G. Morikis: Well, I think obviously our DIY with a modest decline was clearly below our expectation. For Protective & Marine, we still have high expectations for this team. We recognize that a big percentage of the business is growing in this oil and gas. But we are focused on a number of these other segments. And we have been involved in these other areas and our expectations for all our teams are to continue to improve. So, I'd tell you that even our residential repaint up in nearly double digits, our expectations are that we want to grow faster. So, clearly some of those underperformed to a little greater degree in the DIY and P&M, Protective & Marine that I mentioned, but it's safe to say that our expectations are we want to grow faster in every one of those segments.
John G. Morikis: We don't like to talk about it, to be truthful with you. I mean our discussion internally as you mentioned is that we've got shareholders with high expectations, and we've got to find a way over the hill. And yes, we had to close stores in areas that were affected, but we're not leaning on that. We have a determined effort on this side of the call to continue to drive and improve. And quite frankly, it's something that we don't want to point to. We know it was there...
John G. Morikis: Yes. And I'd add this to it, Duffy, that organization, that team is doing a terrific job as well I think, at looking at opportunities, back office expenses where we can take some synergies through the organization. They've also got a strong focus on customers and positive mix of products. So, we knew that this was going to be a challenging year for them, and they went into it with the right frame of mind that we had to show improvement, and we had to pull a number of different levers to be able to get there. And they're working hard to do just that.
John G. Morikis: Yes. So, obviously impacted by the CapEx spending that Sean talked about and as we mentioned the opportunity to pivot into some of these other areas. Infrastructures is an area that the team is focused on as well as some of the other segments within our focus there. So, plenty of opportunity here; some heavy lifting to do.
John G. Morikis: Bob, I've been in this industry now, coming up on 32 years and every day of my experience has been competitive. We work hard in what we do to add value to our customers. And as I mentioned, a piece of this, we expect will be raw materials, the other components that we have invested in to be able to supply our customers with a greater value are key drivers for our ability to put a price increase in, and we don't take that lightly. To your point, we know it's competitive. We've got to be able to demonstrate a value to our customers. And so, the combination of our products and our services have to make our customers more money of what they do or we don't deserve the business. And we understand how competitive it is out there. And so, we're investing in the right things to better position ourselves to better help our customers.
John G. Morikis: Yes. Every year, is different as you know, Bob, and we set out with a plan on January 1, and by January 2 it changes depending on what's happening in the market. And the one thing that will be true to Sean's point is our focus on this operating margin improvement. And so, the efforts that we'll be taking will get us there. We'll figure out a way to do that. It may, as Sean mentioned, not be the margins in the past, it may be greater leverage on the SG&A while driving sales. But our commitment is the improvement in operating margins going forward.
John G. Morikis: I don't know if they are costing us more than we ever had, and in our ability to recruit on campus has been terrific. We hire as you know, John, having travelled with us, between 1,200 and 1,400 management trainees a year. The performance of our company and the brand has allowed us to recruit the highest caliber trainees and you know, I'd say that that just continues, the more time I spend with our trainee class, the more I'm impressed with our ability to recruit such high caliber people. So, we've got confidence there. We've been able to negotiate good rents and leases with our track record. And we're becoming more and more choice in these markets, because of our ability to ensure the financial strength of the company, and what we bring to the market. So, we're actually in a very good place right now and our focus continues to be on accelerating the performance of those new stores.
John G. Morikis: No, I don't think so. I think that we'll see what happens in the market on DIY specifically, but I don't think that it has an impact on it at all.
John G. Morikis: Yes. So, our approach in Latin America is really market specific, not even country specific. We understand that there are locations in the market throughout the Latin American region where the direct store model might be best, and there might be others that are best utilized through home centers or through dealers and our team down there is working very hard to upgrade our position in the marketplace, and by doing what we believe to be the heavy lifting now while the market is maybe choppy, might be an understatement, but while taking those steps now that we'll be better able to participate at a greater rate once the market does improve. We do feel as though that it's hit a trough. It's too early to tell if it's improvement in the market is sustainable there, the choppiness in sales and profit likely to continue over the next few quarters, but we really do believe that the steps that we're taking right now are going to better position us by allowing for a better employee base that we have down there, better product line, more consistent products, and a much more efficient path to the customer than what we've had in the past. So, our expectations of what we're doing down there are clearly to outperform the market as we move forward.
John G. Morikis: No. I don't think we're meaningfully above or below. I think we're right around the same paces we've been in the past. We're trying to be as smart and efficient with what we're doing with media. But I wouldn't say that we've jumped or cut to anything in a meaningful way.
John G. Morikis: Well, my point was that we certainly saw a slowdown in the third quarter, Scott. And our feeling continues to be that the fundamentals still support the market in a very positive way. And, I know, you've heard Bob talk about those in a number of occasions. But, if you just look at household formations, new home sales, single family start permits, re-sales, the underserved entry into the new residential by builders, the fundamentals continue to be there. And, we expect that the contractor is going to be the benefactor of many of these opportunities and our position with that contractor is something that we're continuing to improve them.
John G. Morikis: I believe that our investments will continue as you've seen. This is a year that's going to have record sales, record profit, record operating margin. We're going to continue to invest in those drivers that we believe will allow us to drive that operating margin further and that's going to be in new stores, new reps, new products and we believe that the contractors positioned as I said, very well in the market and our positions, we're going to be working very hard to improve that. And we've got confidence in that model and we've got confidence in our ability to execute it.
John G. Morikis: No, at this time we still believe this is going to be in the first quarter. We're down to just a few countries and we're feeling positive about the momentum that we have.
John G. Morikis: Yeah, Eric, it's not uncommon at all to hear contractors talk about their ability to do more work, if they had more qualified labor.
John G. Morikis: Yeah. So, it's going to be across the board. And I think as you look at our opportunities going forward, the ability to leverage SG&A in every organization exist, I mentioned earlier about the Global Finishes Group taking a look at a number of the areas in the back office to become more efficient. We have those opportunities throughout the organization. What we're committed to though are those areas that are customer-facing and continuing to invest in this model. We just talked with the previous questioner about the long-term model and why it fits and why we believe in it. So, you're going to continue to see us invest in new stores, territories, new products, the things that allow us to differentiate ourselves from our competition and you should expect us to continue to be animals on expenses. We had a discussion last week about our budgeting process and I mentioned Al coming on board and same discipline that we've had with Sean in the past. We're going into our operating plan process, we're starting at ground zero and we're ripping every expense out that we can that doesn't affect sales. And so, we want to be that disciplined about what it is we're doing. We don't want to point to past success and justify future expense. We want to be invested in those things that are going to drive our business and we're committed to doing that in the models that will drive the operating margin that we've talked about.
John G. Morikis: Well, it's a little bit of both, we've had success in oil and gas in areas that are not investing right now and we're still growing market share in some of those areas. Even with the decline, we're still fighting and growing we believe share in a very challenging market, but to your point and it's the point that I try to make earlier, there are still areas for us – there are opportunities in the space, you mentioned the chemical areas where there are our assets coming online. We're fighting for everyone of those projects. We know that the infrastructure is an area that eventually is going to have to be an area of focus for our country, and countries around the world, and we're furthering our penetration in those areas. So what I don't want to give is the impression that we're just sitting here waiting for the oil and gas market to fix itself, we're up there fighting in existing markets, in adjacent markets, and in new markets, and we believe that there is considerable amount of opportunity for us there, and we're determined to capture.
John G. Morikis: No. I think they are doing their job, they are asking questions that are appropriate, and we're trying to be as responsive as we can. I think going into this, we knew the deal and the facts and feel confident that the facts will carry the day, but we've got a government agency that is empowered to look at these things, and challenge, and they're doing just that, and we're trying to be as responsive as we can.
John G. Morikis: Well, we've had a team that's been focused on that segment for many years, and it goes back to the comment that I made earlier about our commitment to providing the products, then services, locations, the people that will help us differentiate us from our competition. And we're blessed with good competition out there. So, we're not satisfied, we're not complacent. We're not sitting here feeling as though we've got it all figured out, we're trying to get better every day. And with our direct model, which is unique and the ability to really partner with our customers in understanding what their needs are and sometimes satisfying needs that they don't even know exist, has allowed us we believe to grow a little faster than the market. And we're committed to doing the things that can help differentiate us from our competition by allowing our customers to be more successful and what they're trying to do.
John G. Morikis: And one last thing I would add is the point that Bob made earlier, which is the shift to more and more contractor base, I think – we have to acknowledge that there is a shift going on to the contractor and we happen to be positioned very well for that contractor, but I also believe that's helping us as well.
John G. Morikis: I think it does, Chuck. I think it's – and that's the point that I made, I know I keep beating the same drum, but it's what gives us confidence about the model in 2017 and our ability to continue to drive operating margins going forward. You're exactly right.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, Chris. And importantly – this is Bob. Importantly, we mentioned that the Eastern division was down the most and it's likely that that was at least some weather impact, because they had inclement weather in the quarter.
Robert J. Wells: Ghansham, this is Bob. Let me fill in that based on our volumes by quarter, it appears to us that the third quarter is the busiest quarter for contractors. So, if there is labor constraints in the market, it would most likely show up in the third quarter, or it would show up more in the third quarter than even in the second quarter.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, Don, in John's prepared remarks, he talked about the sales trend or the sales trajectory by a quarter being similar this year to last year. And we think that's a reflection of the market overall. We're seeing that, that year-over-year growth tends to slow as we go from even second quarter to third quarter sequentially. And we're not sure if that's the function of market capacity or it doesn't feel to us like it's a change in demand trend. Our customers are still reporting very strong order book volume, and so it doesn't feel like third quarter jobs were pulled forward into first quarter and second quarter. It just feels like we're seeing some constraints in the rate at which contractors can get on those jobs.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah. On raw materials side, Don, we think it's likely that the raw materials will swing from a low single-digit tailwind in the third quarter to a low single-digit headwind in the fourth quarter, but we've kind of being guiding to that all along. We've said that the benefit from raw materials will diminish as we go through the year. The headwind, if there is one in the fourth quarter will be primarily driven by modest inflation in TiO2. The TiO2 producers got some traction on both their second quarter and third quarter price increases during the year – or during the second quarters and third quarters. So, we haven't put together an outlook for 2017 yet, but fourth quarter 2016, it's going to be flat to – raw materials are going to be flat to up low single digits.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, Kevin. As a reminder, there is a pretty long lag between a non-residential start on average and when that project is painted. So, we are benefiting from fairly strong start activity 18 months ago to two years ago. And as a result, the commercial business is holding up quite well. It's not as strong as the residential segments. John indicated the residential businesses are up in the high single digits. It's not that strong, but it's really solid year-over-year growth. The dark lining around that silver cloud is that starts this year are actually down year-over-year. So, we're seeing some weakness in new projects started that if that persist, was going to impact our commercial business a couple of years out.
Robert J. Wells: And, by the way, Scott, maybe it wasn't worded as well as it could have been, but John's opening remarks basically said, if it's a slowdown in the housing cycle contrary to all – with all the data would suggest. So, he was kind of qualifying it by saying, we're not seeing it in the data; but if it is, we're still going to invest in the thing that drive our growth.
Robert J. Wells: No, I think that just low-single digit is on the core, it's just movement within the core – within that range.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah. I think that we've in the past have said that we've been 75% effective when you take a look at the increase. So, 4.5% to 5%, you're talking, use it 4.5 times, 75%, you're talking just over 3%. I think that we've constantly said that we're working to trying to get that quicker. I think you'll see some effect in December, but it will be muted. And I think that the first quarter, you'll see hopefully somewhere in that 50% effectiveness, and then, from then on I think you'll see it at 75%.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah. I think that the architectural and if you look at the quarters there's no doubt the first quarter was the strongest quarter. Architecturally, second was the second strongest and then the third. But I do believe, when you take a look at it, some of these, the third quarter was probably way down because of that DIY component that we talked about. So I think again, I think the John's comments about the strength of the market of why we could continue to invest and feel good about the – what kind of results we can produce in this Paint Stores Group are still driven by those spots on the architectural side.
Robert J. Wells: I will tell you this is, yeah, I think that labor you know – we're seeing things such as labor constrain some of these results that we're having in some of these quarters.
Robert J. Wells: Yeah, Scott. This is Bob. We've talked for a long time about this long-term secular trend away from DIY toward the contractor. And we saw that kind of step back in the direction of DIY during the 2008, 2009 cycle. And since that time, we think that there has been a pretty strong migration back toward the pro. What we've observed in past cycles is that when we see a period of rapid home value appreciation, in many cases, it will accelerate the move back to the pro. People are more incline to hire a professional when they're feeling more positive about the equities that they have in their home. So, the last three years, pretty rapid home value appreciation that we've seen may have accelerated this migration away from DIY and toward the pro. That's the best we've got; there is no empirical data as to why that's happening.
Robert J. Wells: Well, we certainly agree that millennials will be a stronger driver in the housing market going forward. I mean there's forecast of between 13.5 million and 17 million new first-time home buyers, coming into the market in the next five years, which is really exciting to us, and all due respect for the younger generations, we disagree with the notion that millennials are strong DIY'ers. They have not shown to be at nearly the levels that their parents were. Baby boomers were far more DIY involved than their offspring, and you know, it certainly has a lot to do with schedules nowadays being very tight and lack of free time. But, we don't necessarily see the millennials coming into the home buying market as driving DIY the way the baby boomers did a generation ago.
Robert J. Wells: I'll address the inventory and our working capital was up slightly in the – through September. The way we look at it as a reminder, we target a 10% of sales, our working capital last year came in at 8.6%, we expect this year to come in around 10%. So, I don't believe we're carrying more inventory than we should be.
Robert J. Wells: And, David, while you're right that existing home turnover does drive residential retain activity, remodeling activity in total year-to-date is up pretty substantially, it's up more than – it's up almost 6% in spending year-on-year. So, in the absence of a lot of growth in existing home turnover, we've seen growth in remodeling activity.
Robert J. Wells: Thank you, Jesse. As always, I'll be available over the next few days to handle any additional questions that arise as you digest this morning's call. As call volume is already very heavy, I appreciate your patience, I will make every effort to get back to you on a timely basis. I'd like to thank you again for joining us today, and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Hey, Chris, this is Al Mistysyn. I'm going to talk about the revenue reclass. And I'll just talk about it broadly, and then talk about the impact on the operating margin. But, we use third-party contractors to complete a variety of things for our customers. Previously, these immaterial amounts were netted and then included in the SG&A. We determine these buildings to customers should be grossed up as sales with a payments contract as included in cost to goods sold for a net immaterial impact on gross profit while reducing gross margin and operating margin. So, no impact on the consolidated dollars, but excluding that revenue reclass and the impact of the acquisitions, our operating margins would have been up slightly.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yes, Jeff, this is Al. We did the adjustment because it's immaterial on a perspective basis, so the third quarter only has a third quarter adjustment, the fourth quarter will have an adjustment and then we will make a first quarter and second quarter of 2017, so the full year 2017 won't have any impact.
Allen J. Mistysyn: And then on Consumer Group, a similar trend. If you look at 2014 operating margin at 17.8%, going to 19.6% last year and up 40 basis points year-to-date, they're doing a nice job of controlling SG&A and getting operating efficiencies with the volumes that we're generating through Paint Stores Group.
Allen J. Mistysyn: The majority of the SG&A increase was related to the new store and reps. I think the teams are doing a nice job of controlling the other SG&A around the fringes, based on the sequential slowdown in sales.
Allen J. Mistysyn: We also had, if you recall in the second quarter, we talked about the investments we were making in the Consumer Group and some of those have continued through. So, between the new stores and the continued investments in Consumer Group, that's what's driving the increase in SG&A.
Allen J. Mistysyn: Yes, I think the core tax rate's excluding that, accounting adjustment, it will be in the low 30%s. If you look at our year-to-date effective tax rate, it's 31.7% versus 31.6% last year.
Sean P. Hennessy: And, Jeff, this is Sean, I just want to – you mentioned January first, so I just wanted to put on your radar, it's going to be effective December 1.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. And if you look at the comp stores, I don't have it exactly, but it would be in the mid-single digits.
Sean P. Hennessy: I'll take the fourth quarter. I think it was driven by the volume side. I don't think that the raws are materially different than what we took a look at.
Sean P. Hennessy: When you ask about the Consumer Group, again our Consumer Group this quarter was negatively affected by the European businesses as well as some of the commercial, industrial and MRO that are also embedded in there. So if you look at the North American architectural business, we were pleased with those results.
Sean P. Hennessy: Duffy, this is Sean. I think it really goes back to just the lumpiness, the question that we asked earlier I think, as John said, when you look at the year-to-date, I think that just the way different sales and SG&A comes in, in these different areas. So, I think when you take a look at the full year in Global Finishes back in 2014, the operating margin was 9.7%, last year it was 10.5%, this year through the first nine months it's 12.3%. So, we look at it more that way.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. I don't know the exact date, but I think as the price of oil came down, the CapEx spending began to decrease and I think – and that's why we're in the situation we are.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think that 2017, when you look at it, we're very focused on operating margins, as you know, you've been with us for many, many years. And I think over the last three years-plus, the gross margin has been driving those margins. I think that we all know that the gross margin is not going to be as robust when it comes to year-over-year. I think that we're going to continue to do things for efficiencies in the plants and warehouse. The price increase to make sure that the gross margin is somewhat positive as I read it, but it's not going to be the driver it's been for the last three years, but that operating margin is going to be also helped by the work that we're going to do in the SG&A.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think, it comes back to I think the – it probably had more to do with the sales volumes in the third quarter than anything else.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think when you look at the business we have in Europe, I think we're not broad based at all. I think that we don't have any architectural business in Europe. So, we're not probably a good barometer of what's happening there. On the industrial side, we're probably heavy in industrial wood, but that's in the Global Finishes Group and that's actually been strong – stable I'd say, I'll use the word stable. So, I think to try to get some type of barometer of Europe, we're not a very good indicator event.
Sean P. Hennessy: No, I think the spending has been pretty consistent in it. It's like we talked about in the second quarter, it was may be different programs, but with the – around the other hedges of SG&A that they did a nice job of controlling their costs and we talked about the mix in that business that helped, so I think that's what's driving the margin.
Sean P. Hennessy: Chuck, we use third-party contractors and they do a variety of things for our customers, these previously immaterial amounts (79:37) SG&A, we determine that the billings to the customers should've been grossed up in sales with the payments for the contractors included in cost of goods sold in it, for net immaterial impact on gross profit. It does reduce our gross margin, and it does decrease our operating margin. And what we've talked about is, we did it prospectively in the third quarter, so we only booked it for the third quarter, we'll do that in the fourth quarter that I'll have a similar small impact, and then in the first quarter and second quarters of 2017. So 2017 full-year won't have any impact.
Scott A. Mushkin: Hey, guys. Thanks and a lot of questions have been asked. I appreciate you let me sneak one in here. So, I was just wondering from your perspective, obviously we have this dichotomy between the pro market, the contractor market and do-it-yourself. As you guys think back over the years the company, I mean you've ever seen this kind of divergence in the two, and in your opinion, what do you think's causing it, I mean it seems like consumer for some reason is a little weaker, I mean we're seeing that across a lot of different sectors and I'm just trying to understand, from your perspective, what you think is kind of going on. Have you ever seen this before, so anything you can shed, any light...
Scott A. Mushkin: Yeah. So, there's obviously been a lot of thoughts regarding millennials, younger households are probably more do-it-yourself versus do-it-for-me. Still want a buzz that millennials are finally kicking it into gear, but what you're saying to me maybe argues against that, I wonder if you have any thoughts on that piece as well? And then, thanks.
Scott A. Mushkin: That's perfect. It of course argues to your business model too, so that's good news for the long-term. Anyway, thanks, guys. Really appreciate it.
