Christopher M. Connor: Yes, we can. In fact, we have announced some pricing to our stores, that's what we typically comment on. But we want to give you a little different feel for that this year. And Sean, maybe you can take the guide through that.
Christopher M. Connor: Sure, Ghansham. As we've commented in the past, Brazil is the second largest country of revenue for the corporation, Mexico would be third. And those happen to be the 2 economies that were probably hit the most. When we look at local currency performance for the business, our sales were up modestly. We held serve, I guess, is a good way to take a look at that as we went through the year. We are not expecting to see a lot of turnaround in Brazil going forward and I think we still have these currency devaluations. So Latin America has been the cycle for us. We've had a solid 10-year run down there where we had relatively flat currency and we're able to make some good inroads and we're kind of going through the other side of that right now. Our expectations, as we gave guidance, was that it wouldn't be a real help to the company next year.
Christopher M. Connor: Not so much. I mean, those are long-term plans that we have in place. So as you know, we are continuing to open our own dedicated company facilities, primarily in the northeastern part of the country. We continue to support our dealer network and convert to a more dedicated dealer format. So we haven't pulled back. We rarely do in a downturn. We keep pushing forward.
Christopher M. Connor: I think when we've talked about this acquisition, we had told you that, at one point in time, when the entirety of the acquisition was being discussed, it's about a $1.5 billion transaction for the company. We said 1/3 of that was approximately in the United States, so $500 million for ease of math. So $100 million fourth quarter. And back to Sean's comment about the second and third quarters drive it. We just gave guidance that the first quarter for Comex revenue would be, again, about $100 million in the midpoint of that, so that all seems to kind of fit and tick and tie together, Jeff.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think it's been pretty consistent, Aram, about the segments that we've commented on. Residential repaint has been terrific. And new residential construction, we've commented on that as well. Property management's doing well, given the rebound in the multifamily housing. So all those segments are doing well. We're not the kind of company that has a backlog or we see forward orders, I mean, painting contractors walk in that morning, we put paint in their truck and they walk out and get the job done. So to Sean's point, just kind of the flow and the rhythm and the feel of the business is very consistent with the guidance we've given.
Christopher M. Connor: In terms of our TiO2 inventory, they remain extremely steady and in line with our kind of production processes throughout the course of the year. We take the vast majority of this product in the United States in a slurry form. It's not the kind of thing that we can load up on excess inventory and sit on it. So we are at a pretty much a steady-state consistent inventory level based on the demand of production that we put on our factories. We have been increasing our purchases of some offshore titanium, mostly in the sulfite grade. We see more of that emerging in our Latin American operations. I think we've commented in the past that, at some point in time, perhaps 5% of our needs could be moved to that type and we're seeing some progress towards that.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, we'd be happy to comment on Comex Mexico, we've continued to work on that. And Sean, maybe you can take the team through that.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Ivan, we have talked for a while with The Street about our strategy here. We like these businesses. We would look for opportunities to invest appropriately were there opportunities to present themselves, we won't comment on any of that, perspectively. Europe had a good year for our Global Finishes business. We're seeing some nice progress over there from the teams that we've put on the ground. We expect Europe to continue to have profitable sales going forward.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, so I think all 3 of these businesses ran pretty much at the same level. You can see that the sales results here were below the company's consolidated numbers. So a relatively soft sales year. We've commented about soft economic environment, some of the end markets that we sell products into are a little soft as well. I think that when we take the market performance itself into consideration, not concerned that we're losing share here, but not exactly lighting it up either. Going forward, we're pretty excited about the winter we're having across the United States. Automotive runs on collision repair business and so that should be a little bit of a tailwind for that team going into this year and I think we've had some nice wins on various accounts around the world in our product finishes businesses. We'd expect them to have a little better year going forward next year as well. So beyond that, Dmitry, not a lot more to comment on.
Christopher M. Connor: We've announced 4 closings, Chuck, to date, of the 8 that we had talked about that we acquired. And not all of those are down or cost into the numbers yet but 4 have been announced.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, Eric, we've done a lot to stabilize this business since acquiring it. As an example, a number of these stores did not have a full complement of management inside. Sales rep territories were open. Stores were struggling to get inventory when we had acquired them. All of those fixes have been made and made quickly. And we're seeing a stabilization of the existing customer base through these stores. We're every bit optimistic that these things are going to run in line with the other stores inside the districts that they're joining. And so the business is doing fine from that regard and we expect it to get better as time goes on.
Christopher M. Connor: Richard, we think it's pretty stable, year-over-year. And TiO2 was down a little and the rest of the basket was up slightly.
Christopher M. Connor: Thanks, again, Jesse. Let me conclude this morning by asking you all to save the date of Thursday, May 22nd, on your calendars. This is the date we'll host our annual financial community presentation at the Intercontinental Barclays Hotel in New York City. The program, as usual, will consist of our customary morning presentations with questions and answers followed by a reception and lunch. Again, the date is Thursday, May 22nd, and we'll be sending out invitations and related information in the weeks ahead. I'd like to thank you all for joining us again today and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, this is Sean Hennessy. And as you mentioned in the past, we've been able to tell you when and how much selling price increases we have taken to the market. Due to the integration of the 5 brands acquired through the Comex, there are inconsistencies in when those things will occur, that do not really -- do not allow us to answer the question on pricing the same way as we have in the past. Our margin will be affected by the selling price increase that Chris just talked about and stores did go out in early January with some pricing. But the annualization of Comex, the foreign currency fluctuations, raw material changes that are going on, what we've thought of in the past, we've only given guidance on the annual basis looking at the sales and to the EPS. And just to give you some clarity on what's going to happen with pricing and how all this affects us is really to give you a gross margin range. Our gross margins will increase this year but we still believe we're in that 43% to 46% range. And this should tell you that we believe our total gross margin will be in the 45.5% to 46% range versus the 45.3% that we realized in the full year 2013.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, and a couple of things there -- again, this is Sean Hennessy, when you take a look at the sales curve that they have, they have a sales curve much like the Paint Stores Group for the second and third quarter, the highest sales quarters. So when you talk about annual might be flat but really when the fourth quarter is our toughest quarter because of the sales curve. When you look at that $40 million, approximately half of that was operating income, normal operating income. The other half was really onetime causes, inventory step up, other causes of expense that you mentioned. So that was about half and half, almost half and half is exactly. And just to remind you, when you look at that, as well as we're talking about that, that $40 million hit, we also mentioned that Comex was $0.13 dilutive for the year. And if you think where that $40 million segment was in the operating profit, the net effect from Comex was positively affected by tax savings and those tax savings were due to the integration of contingent liabilities. That integration was a positive $0.15 per share. And so when you -- and really, it really dealt a lot with the defined benefit plan. Our tax rate was 30.7% for the year that we reported. It would have been 32.1% really without that Comex and without that balance sheet integration. And our fourth quarter tax rate was 22.2%. It would have been 32.3% without the Comex. So in a way, that 40, that converts down to the $0.13. When you look at Chris' comments, that 45 to 50, mid point there is 50. There it is, $0.63. And I know last quarter, we've talked about the $0.60 to $0.65 dilution. We did give you 20 -- that $0.40 in the fourth quarter and we just experienced $0.11, but that $0.15 tax savings, actually it was -- we were not expecting to get that in the fourth quarter. So we actually were expecting to get that in the calendar year 2014. But we were able to accelerate that with the combination of defined benefit plan so it works out pretty well.
Sean P. Hennessy: So you're looking at about 20% in the fourth and third -- I'm sorry, the first -- 20% in the fourth and the first, 30% in the second and third.
Sean P. Hennessy: As in the past, when you take a look at guidance and you look at it, we do have share buyback in our guidance, not really going to share that number, but we don't -- as we said earlier, we don't usually go down the P&L. But we do have some stock buybacks, we have uses of cash. On the other number for that adjustment, we don't have it right now in the physical inventory. I know it's going to be in the K, I just don't have it here in the room with me, sorry. And one more note on share count. We ended the year with actual shares outstanding of 100,129,380, so that's the starting point.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think we're continually -- we've continued to invest in the business, invest in new stores. I think we're going to open more stores in 2014 than in 2013. So the people and the reps and the infrastructure there, I think, that we're adding to that, that's going to increase the SG&A. And I think that we've continued to, on the admin side, continue to invest in IT projects that have allowed us to get our working capital down to an all-time low of net 10% and allowed the cash to go back over 10% of sales. And think that those things are good investments that we're spending in SG&A that are creating cash. And so, yes, we're investing in this business but I think the number one reason we're going to have SG&A growth next year is going to be the Comex acquisition. And then secondly is the continuing building out of the store chain in our stores group.
Sean P. Hennessy: No. I think we've been pretty prudent there. We do have ongoing expenses but I wouldn't call them material on our SG&A base.
Sean P. Hennessy: Consolidated was $128.7 million, as you know, Paint Stores Group was $80.9 million; Consumer Group, $27.4 million; Global Finishes, $8.6 million; and Latin America, $6.4 million. So I'll just give you the year-to-date so you don't have to do the addition there. The full year 2013 consolidated, $410.3 million; Stores Group, $330.9 million; Consumer Group, $47.4 million; Global Finishes, $43.6 million; and Latin America was actually negative $28.8 million.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. I think that when we look at the 2013, back to your point, and I'm just looking at this -- 2012, our SG&A was 34.2%. Without Comex this year, we would have shown improvement on that. And next year, we're still going to show -- we'll show improvement on the core SG&A. And I'm trying to look at the metric that I can give you, but no, I think the core SG&A will improve.
Sean P. Hennessy: When you take a look at it, yes, it's going to be close to up. It's going to be in that ballpark, it's not -- for the full year.
Sean P. Hennessy: We continue to believe -- at the very beginning, I'd like to say, we still believe this is going to be a very good acquisition for the company. We'll continue to work on a process that would allow us to close this acquisition. This process required us signing nondisclosure agreements with outside parties, which limits what we can say, but what we will say is we have an exclusive contract with the Achar family through March 31, 2014. We have crafted our final remedy and are prepared to present to the proper authorities. We have not received a firm date of that presentation but fully expect it to occur in February, with a response from the commission sometime after that but close to the March 31 date.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. We don't go down -- again, we try not to go down the whole frame, because there some -- we don't have 1 range, we have multiple scenarios to get into a range. But if you take a look at year-to-date without the Comex, it would have been in that 32.3% range. We've all constantly talking about that low 33%s. And I think that you go back the last 5 years, I think it's been in that low 33% type of range.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. I don't know what number you're using for Comex margins but even with that, the fourth quarter is always interesting because of LIFO, the physical inventory adjustments that we spoke about before, so a couple of years ago, we were talking about this. 2009, our gross margin actually was 48.5% in the quarter because of some of these things that have occurred. So there's different things that go on between 1 fourth quarter to another. Fourth quarter is the toughest to look at. I think to try to read, to try to project anything in the future.
Sean P. Hennessy: Sure. Over the years, we've continued to talk about that consumer can have -- their operating margins can be higher than stores, but it's going to be more volatile. And so when we get volume through and what's nice is there was volumes, for the last couple of years, we've had volume only going through from the stores group, as Chris talked about, the struggles on the external sales. But when you get external sales like we have, as well as the internal sales going through there, consumer can really produce nicely for us. And that's why we've always thought that the margins can be higher there, but because of the choppiness of demand, especially on the external side, you're going to see it much more volatile. So last year, we hit 18%, I think that it's a well-managed division that we've given some assets from the Comex grouping to them. I think that they'll do a great job with those assets and I think that in the end, you'll see margins higher than this. I can't remember when stores groups' highest margin was 14.4%. And someone said, "Well, are you ever going to beat that?" We've beat it a few times now, the last 2 years actually. And I think our Consumer Group, we expect to go higher with some of these assets and add a little more volume.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think our CapEx is going to be somewhere in the $180 million to $200 million range. And as we bring in some -- do some of these work and move some production around. And our G&A should be in the $35 million range, up from around $29 million to $30 million they had this year. And use those numbers, they're not going to be materially off.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. But you can probably tell that we're close to having a final answer in this, so we still have that cash on our balance sheet. But if not, we'll end up buying back stock.
Sean P. Hennessy: Again, that's why we put a little bit wider range on here, it really depends on when we take some of these closing costs, Chuck. But the first quarter should be fairly consistent with the -- the first quarter should be fairly consistent. But yes, you're right, when you back that out, it's going to be slightly better than the fourth quarter with the 50-50.
Sean P. Hennessy: So, Chuck, back to your other question, if you take a look at the operating profit in the store group segment, $990 million. You add back the $43 million that we talked about, the acquisition impact, without that, it would have been 1-0-3 -- call it 1-0-3-3. You compare that, that means that the PBT change is $171,000,855. The sales without the Comex was up $476 million, $171 million divided by $476 million, 36.1%.
Sean P. Hennessy: No, but I think what happens is that when you start -- just look at the fourth quarter, it might not be material. But if you look at the change year-over-year, because 1 year might be a hit, 1 year might be a credit. And those -- we true that up in the fourth quarter. So even though LIFO might be a credit for the year, you might have a debit there because of the way you accrued it in the first 3 quarters.
Sean P. Hennessy: I don't have that exact number but I would say -- I was trying to answer the question about why specifically the fourth quarter isn't as pure as the other 3 quarters, so I don't think LIFO is that material between one or the other.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think when you look at it, without the acquisitions, just from the quarter, like we did with Chuck, you add the $40 million back, you're at $208 million, that would tell you that we were at 12.3% and last year we're at 14.6%. And I would just say it had to do with how some SG&A rolled in. I think when you look at the Stores Group, especially the way new stores rolled in, a little more heavy in the fourth quarter than it was in 2012.
Sean P. Hennessy: And I will tell you that in 10 seconds here. I've got to double check, because they way you asked the question.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, Jeff, this is Bob. We've said in the past that, typically, it takes between 90 and 120 days for an increase in propylene to flow-through the acrylic chain and that's still the case. So I guess that would be saying, if propylene does follow its normal course and comes down after first quarter, it's likely we aren't going to see a lot of upward pressure in the acrylics and the solvents. But if it were to stay in the low to mid $0.70 per pound range, we'd likely see some modest upward pressure, primarily in acrylics in the middle part of the year.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, I think that when you -- when we look at the activity, that bidding activity, we feel pretty good about it. I think it -- occasionally, you'll see some weather affecting daily sales. But when you look at the demand, we feel pretty good about what's happening in America, in the United States.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, I wouldn't describe the -- this is Bob again, I would not describe the commercial market right now, at this point, as being significantly backlogged. We are seeing a modest pickup in starts in the back half of 2013, which should translate to more paint projects by the back half of 2014. That would be in the mid to high single-digit range. So that the rebound in commercial construction has been slow to start, we are seeing a little bit of momentum building. I think the forecast for starts in 2014 are healthier than 2013, high single-digits. Some people are even going out on a limb with low teens numbers. But I think the good news in this is we're seeing more activity in the repaint market, which implies higher occupancy rates in office, retail and lodging and that should ultimately translate to higher square footage. As a reminder, commercial construction volume is still in the trough, so we've got a long ways to come back.
Robert J. Wells: Kevin, it's Bob. On the first part of the question, the decision by the judge, the remedy is joint and several -- is a joint and several liability. So it means that all 3 defendants are essentially equally responsible for the entire remedy. He has given no indication how he intends to apportion the remedy across 3 defendants. It's also our position that it's kind of a moot issue at this stage in the game because we don't believe we'll have to pay any money prior to the appeal process. This is a mandatory injunction, which we do not believe should require any appeal bond or anything of that nature. As far as future actions with respect to factoring homeowners or anything like that, we're not prepared to go into that at this point.
Robert J. Wells: Nils, this is Bob. We think the market in 2013 probably grew in the 4% to 5%, maybe 5.5% range. And we base that just by looking at various public statements and public releases across the population of publicly traded companies that do significant architectural business in the U.S.. That feels about right to us.
Robert J. Wells: Just so you know, first, Mexico stores that you're referred to, our operations are in the LACG segment, they're not in the store segment. Just want to make sure that's clear. On the first question of what we've said is, again, that $0.60 to $0.65, and what we've said is in 2015, in the annual 2015, we think that the Comex stores will run at the 70% to 80% of where Paint Stores Group is at. And then after that, it will start to continue to improve from there. And the Comex -- and the Mexican assets, we're really, again, we're little -- we're under secrecy with the nondisclosure, we really don't want to express what the remedy may or may not be and then also not going to give metrics to any possible remedy. I think what's better course for us is that if we get approval, we'll disclose all of those type of things to you. And if we don't get approval, we probably won't, that's for sure. The remedy will never be public.
Robert J. Wells: Right. Because what happens is, when you -- let's say, you're going to -- you're living in the short term with the additional cost of, possibly, some plants and distribution centers, those were considering part, until we close them and taking the hit, we consider that part of the ongoing op. And that's where you start saying, which bucket do you put it in. But if you close the plant in September, at the end of September, then the first 9 months go into your first bucket of the operating margin and then the hit of closing plant goes into the extraordinary. That answer would tell you that if we run that plant for 9 months, that's in the normal, not in the extraordinary.
Robert J. Wells: I will tell you this. I would just say, if you take a look at the core, I don't think that a 5% gain has ever given us $2.25 EPS growth in a year. And so when you look at the number that Chris gave you, the $7.60 versus the $6.49, it's $1.11. And so when you sit there and look at that $7.60, and I'm just going to add back the midpoint, that's is -- use the midpoint, $8.22 and $0.50 of Comex, that takes you up to $8.72 from $7.60, that's $1.12 when you take a look at that, so I think that's pretty comparable. And I do think that, in general, I think that things are going pretty well. I think $1.11 on top of $1.12 last year, $1.12 versus $1.11 are pretty comparable. And when you look at that sales gain, just like this year, we think that currency is still going to be a headwind and some of these countries are still going to have some problems.
Robert J. Wells: And on your first question, our operating profit in 2012 was 7.5%. This year, it was 8.5%. So nice 1% gain on the ROF. And as we've talked in the past, we still think we can drive that to 12%, so we think there's still big improvement in the future.
Robert J. Wells: Don, on the first part of the question, if the rate of housing starts holds up and that would be a 10% to 15% increase year-over-year in the rate of housing starts, and we see this high single digit acceleration in nonresidential starts, with a commensurate amount of nonresidential maintenance and -- property maintenance activity, it would be very easily -- easy to duplicate mid single-digit industry growth rate in 2014. We have long said that our expectation for our Paint Stores Group is for growth in the range of 1.5x to 2x market rate. And we think, in that environment, that's probably doable as well.
Robert J. Wells: Yes, I think, that again, because as time goes on, there's customers that are going to go from the old to the new, the Comex stores. And I think that any metric we give you might give you a wrong indication, Greg. And that's what we're trying to walk away from this, this quarter. We might -- a year from now, we might come back to the old way but right now, we're -- with people going from 1 store to another, it's -- any metric might give you the wrong indication.
Robert J. Wells: No. I think that -- I think it was the Comex. If you take a look at that piece that went through, that onetime hit that went through gross margins that we just -- I just gave you, I think should give you a pretty good idea that, really, gross margins didn't decelerate.
