Christopher M. Connor: Well, the answer is yes to both of those. I mean, that was the whole point. And we saw reasonable seasonal exterior sales gains in our Southern market, but it was the Northern markets that were painting outside last year that really saw a decline in exterior gallons. Take those 2 together, we delivered a flat exterior performance for the Stores Group.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think as we've been commenting for some time, it is the residential portions of this architectural market that are rebounding, both in the new construction, as well as in the repaint. Commercial tends to lag that. We've begun to see some lift in the commercial repaint as occupancy rates improve, not so much a lift yet in the new construction portion of that business.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, that's a pretty easy answer, Bob. There's absolutely no price in the comp store performance this year.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, absolutely. And I think that's implied in our guidance for the quarter's revenue being up 5% to 9%. As you'd expect, our stores numbers will outpace that, and that will be a result of the Northern division also starting to participate in the same kind of robust rebound we're seeing in these residential markets across the whole country.
Christopher M. Connor: Well, P.J., I think we've long said that we have tremendous respect for these competitors. And they have compelling product lines and offerings and are continuing to see what we see in the market, which is that the shift towards a professional painting contractor is the primary purchase of architectural paint. I think we've been competing with these folks for over 27 years now, recognizing these same demographic trends. And the data results that we've shared with you and the entire investment community would indicate that painting contractors continue to remain remarkably loyal to the dedicated paint store channel. So it's incumbent upon us that are in that space to continue to enhance the product offering, the service, the reasons that have kept them loyal there. And we'll take on this next challenge as we have all the other ones over the past 20 years.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think we've talked about just kind of the top 25 U.S. homeowners and what our relative position has been there as opposed to any strict share number. And as the industry went into their downturn, a lot of these large builders consolidated purchasing activities from regional offices into a consolidated office. And Sherwin was uniquely in a position with a national footprint to be able to service these folks, regardless of what part of the geography they're operating in. So as a result, we're proud to comment that well north of 20, the top 25 builders now are good Sherwin's customers, and quite a number of them are exclusive with us. So as they come back up, that's a much stronger position than we were in the last time we went through one of these housing rebounds.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. Specifically, P.J., it's in the private label segment. So you're correct that the Glidden brand immediately replaced our brand. There's been this private label piece that's been a little less visible and is stepping down exactly Sean just took you through.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, it's more broad-based than that. And we don't typically have an order book per se. It's more the anecdotal evidence of the painting contractors that are in our stores. We get some future look at the types of products they're buying that are non-paint. So for example, we've always talked about spray equipment sales as being a good leading indicator of the confidence of painting contractors as they're heading into the paint season. Here again this year, on top of pretty robust numbers last year, our spray equipment sales are doing terrific. And we just are cognizant that these men and women have a lot of work lined up. They're hiring painters, they've got a full load ahead of them and a lot of confidence that this is going to be another repeat performance for a solid residential repaint year.
Christopher M. Connor: I think we've been talking about continuing to move towards that. I don't think we're getting guidance that we're going to be all the way back of north of 46%. 180 basis points improvement we're making right now in this quarter will start to moderate, as we did start to have some margin recovery in the back half of last year as well, too. So that might be a little high, but we'll be moving towards that number.
Christopher M. Connor: No, I don't think we've really changed that assumption or impact on our guidance. As we commented, in my opening comments, about kind of the numbers were kind of jumping all over the place, I think there's enough other weight in this business, primarily in the maintenance of these projects, that are really the key driver for us. So we're still confident that we've got the right market dynamics to deliver the numbers that we're projecting.
Christopher M. Connor: I would comment that we were down double digit in the Northern markets, and the Southern markets were a more normalized sales growth.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, we talked last year, Nils, about the fact that after a fairly robust acquisition schedule over the past couple of years, that we were in the phase of really rationalizing, justifying the manufacturing distribution portion of that, particularly in Europe. And so there was some rightsizing of operations that we needed to address. So that's primarily behind us as we head into this calendar year. We've also commented a little bit about the pricing discipline that's been part of the company's operating mantra in North America, that we needed to get implemented in Europe. And we've seen that take place as well, too. So most of it's come from our European operations. We still have the opportunities ahead of us and some final little cleanups, both in Asia Pacific, as well as Europe. But pleased to see that this group is really on the right track. We've long said that we believe we can get this business into a double-digit return on sales operating margin performance, and they're making good strides toward that.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, we're painting some stadiums in Brazil as we speak. So there's definitely work that's happening. I think, Brazil, by their own admission, would tell you that they're behind on their schedule of their construction projects. So there should be some acceleration as we get closer to the 2014 dates. The slowdown and softness in the Brazilian economy is much broader than just preparing for these games. So housing has been off a little bit, the construction has been off a little bit. I don't think that this administration has been as productive for the country's GDP as the previous one. And I know it was a concern of theirs. But here again, as Bob has commented, on the long-term prospects for Mexico, we remain bullish on the long-term prospects for Brazil as well and are continuing to strengthen our operations down there.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, we do have business in Argentina. We've been in the country for over 80 years. Argentina has been a middle of the road performer in our Latin American operations, and I think they're doing fine.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think to our comments about flat raw materials for the remainder of the year, that would typically be the environment that we hold pricing in. We've made no indications of our intention to the contrary. As you know, Chuck, our policy is always to let our customers know first. And shortly thereafter, we openly transcribe with the investment community. This date, we've got nothing to share with you.
Christopher M. Connor: Okay, so I think we commented on protective coatings as a soft quarter for us, and most of that is related to bridge and highway painting activities that were delayed due to weather this year compared to last year. But as we commented on the exterior gallons struggling, that impacted this business segment as well. But the underlying requirement demand for these products and the maintenance environments which really can't be delayed, that looks pretty good to us. We expect that business to rebound and continue on through the year. And the OEM product finishing segments, which are embedded in the Global Finishes Group, particularly in North America, continue to do nicely. A little softness in the European market demand, driven by the general softness in that part of the world. But, again, overall, a pretty good story for us this year.
Christopher M. Connor: Well, Jeff, we hope you're right. And I would tell you that in past cycles like this, we've commented that we will see overall lower pricing, particularly on bid business where large projects -- when contractors are out bidding for that, they'll be giving competitive quotes, and we'll see folks go for gallon and market share enhancements. So as we have in past cycles, we would expect to see lower year-over-year pricing quoted on that type. And as a reminder, we think that represents about 20% of a typical demand of architectural products. The vast majority of our products, which we would call our typical shop account pricing, we've had a track record of being able to hang onto that pricing in that environment. So if that remains flat and the 20% dropped a little bit, you might see a little bit year-over-year deflationary pricing. On the consumer side of that, I don't know that we have as much insight into that or as much exposure to that, frankly, and have much beyond the comment on your analysis.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, we've been thrilled with both of those introductions, John. Thanks for asking. Emerald, at the very high end of our architectural product line, both on interior and exterior, not that it would ever be the primary mover of products, but it does set the bar, and we kind of get that mix shift up the chain as we talked about it in years past. So meeting company's expectations for gallon growth. And I would say that HGTV probably is doing even a little better than that. We've commented, I think, not so much in this call but past several calls, that our DIY performance inside that stores group has been outperforming the industry. We believe we've been gaining share slightly from a low base. And HGTV clearly is helping the company skew to a lower age customer group. We can see that in our demographics through our POS information we get. And all that just portends to a better future. We're introducing customers to the advantages of shopping in the specialty paint store earlier in the paint-buying career, and they tend to be loyal to that cycle. So HGTV has been a big win for the company.
Christopher M. Connor: Well, I would say, Eric, that the industry growth rate, as we commented, historically, should run in that 1% to 2% from architectural. And because we're below age here, we said that double that is a reasonable number to start with. So let's assume that the industry is going to have gallon growth in the 3% to 4% range and we've been comfortable saying that stores business can run in a 1.5x that pace, so our expectation would be that our gallons this year are going to be north of 5%.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. The United States North American component of that segment still exceeds more than 50% of the volume that we generate. Europe would be the second-largest continent of scale. And then Asia Pacific would be the third. And I would say that you kind of step down by half and half again as you go through that analysis.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes, I think we've commented that the company's strategy going forward is really to be focused on developing the architectural business in the Americas and supporting our industrial coatings businesses around the world. India was a small architectural business that we tiptoed into the country a number of years ago. We made some assumptions about the country's readiness for the type of quality architectural products that we manufacture. Those proved not to be accurate. So after a very short and a very small investment, we decided it was best to pull out and wait for a better day. And we executed a transaction with the Berger Paints company, and we're out of India at this point in time.
Christopher M. Connor: Yes. When we talked, Richard, over a longer cycle of being able to provide guidance by these segments, we said that the Paint Store Group should be a relatively high single-digit revenue performer over the long cycle. And we build that by talking about some pricing, some new store addition, and then comp store performance, which tends to run kind of in the mid-single digits, 4%, 5% range. And we build the rest of that to get to the higher percent. So over a long cycle, when an industry's growing at 1% to 2%, we think this comp store business can grow at a 4% to 5% pace. So clearly, in this environment, when we're having a rebound, we would expect to outperform that. Two things are happening here, not only are the gallons coming back, as we've talked about on this call already, but the mix shift is going back towards the painting contractor, where it had been drifting back towards the DIY, primarily as the new construction markets come back onboard that tend to skew entirely to painting contractors. And that's a good trend for this comp store number as well.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, I think when -- we were pretty happy with the operating margins in Global Finishes. We've done some things to structurally help that business. And we don't give guidance by segment. But we were not surprised that Global Finishes operating margin improved this quarter.
Sean P. Hennessy: Sure. I've got it right here. The Stores Group, the incremental gross profit dollars were $37,663,000; the Consumer, incremental $2,891,000; and the Global Finishes Group, $13,734,000. And then LACG was negative. It was dilutive $793,000.
Sean P. Hennessy: Because what ends up happening is, is that our SG&A rate is a step function. And so to get that 20% sales volume that you speak of, we'll probably have more stores. We'll probably have more reps. We'll have more SG&A that will flatline itself against the quarters. If that occurs, you're going to see to get that 20% increase in the first quarter. Actually, you also get a second quarter pop also. So that sales curve really -- when -- that's why a lot of times when people ask, "What's your fixed versus variable?" We think the fixed is a lot higher because store manager, assistant manager, all those things are fixed, and that sales curve to get that 20%. Now if you're saying, structurally, we were able to get the 20% more without any additions in stores, reps or other things, then you would see it drive down, yes.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. We continue to have a step-down function into the fourth quarter. It's affected us negatively. And again, in the first quarter, it affected us negatively.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes. But as we -- it was not a complete severing. What it was, was a discussion and a movement from DSCs [ph]. If you remember, we had the majority, there was other -- 2 other paint companies in there. Those other 2, they did go cold turkey on those, but on us, it was a lock. And now they have the majority. And we've got another step function that affected us in the fourth quarter for this year.
Sean P. Hennessy: Sure. What we said is we feel that the first 12 months will be accretive, slightly accretive because of the closing costs, the inventory write-up and some of the other GAAP requirements. And -- but then after that, we believe that if we close here in a relatively short period of time, we're looking at $1 accretion the first full year we own it.
Sean P. Hennessy: And Kevin, this is Sean. Many -- for the last few years, many years, we've never really changed guidance for the full year after the first quarter. Goes back to the other question, you look at the sales curve, I think that even last year up for the first quarter -- because it was so dramatic, we changed it slightly. But when you really take a look at it, we usually wait until after the second quarter, which is a large quarter for us.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, I think -- I wouldn't use the word conservative. I think, I mean you have to -- there's a lot of moving pieces in these forecasts, and there's a lot of ongoing volatility on the pricing of many key raw material input. So again, we'll have better visibility on the year for raw materials, as well as a lot of the other factors after the second quarter.
Sean P. Hennessy: Well, I think that, again, as in all of our – Walmart's a great customer. We're in there. We're showing them different products. We hope it never -- hope it ends very soon. But I would tell you that with this change, each -- this year, I think that the last time you'll see the effect of the Walmart will be at the end of the third quarter. It did affect us in the fourth quarter. So this change in the distribution centers from us to the other supplier will anniversary in the third quarter.
Sean P. Hennessy: Right. And as we speak of Comex and our expectations [indiscernible] that's why we continue to use the word 12 months, not in the current year. We believe that it'll be slightly accretive in the first 12 months and -- but you're right, the first quarter is going to be dilutive. And as -- the later it goes, the less chance it'll be accretive from a calendar year 2013 because of the closing. And you're right, there is a date that we cross that it won't be there. So -- but instead of sharing that date, we'd rather wait until we can close so we can give you a lot more details.
Sean P. Hennessy: Jeff, as you know, when you look at that administrative, we've had -- over the last 2 to 3 years, we've had some major growth in that area. And we continue to talk about some of the projects, IT projects, other things that we were working on and investing in. And we see that -- we're still working on a few of those projects, but we're trying to complete some of these and look for some efficiencies. You're also right, when you look at the interest, I think that the core without Comex because of the $1 billion that we did borrow at around 2 -- a little over 2%. It's going to cost us to have interest rates -- interest expense of $20 million, $5 million a quarter. I think that the first quarter, there was a few things that were -- we started to see with this. But I think we're still going to see some improvement without interest but -- throughout the year but without the Comex acquisition occurring. But it won't be as dramatic as it was in the first quarter.
Sean P. Hennessy: Well, I won't share the guidance, but I think our interest expense and, we have it on the P&L, it's right here on the – I'll tell you right – I've got it here. Our interest expense was $15,311,000. Last year, it was $10,337,000.
Sean P. Hennessy: Well, I think that 2 years ago, we come in and then we built inventory in the first quarter 2011, much higher than we had in the past. And it dealt with raw material availability and so forth. In '12, we felt a little less pressure as far as availability, and we allowed -- we had a more normal build. And this year, I would say we've adjusted, and we feel pretty good about the efficiencies in our supply chain. And we feel pretty good. I don't think -- I think this is probably going to be more of the normal curve going forward.
Sean P. Hennessy: Yes, very small, less than $2.5 million, really, in the preparation of Comex. One of -- you're right, it was up around 21%. So less than -- probably around 10% of the growth was due to Comex.
Sean P. Hennessy: I think -- and, again, used to be that we used to -- you would see the growth rate. And you can go back to 2002, 2007, see what it grew back in that time frame. And we used to have a dynamic. And I'm thinking that our SG&A used to grow at around 45% to 55% of sales increase.
Sean P. Hennessy: We had planned, and if we would have closed before the financial community presentation, it would have been fantastic. We would have taken you through a few more things. There are different requirements when we have to show some of our numbers with the history. And we will -- at that time, you'll see 2012, if we owned it since January 1, 2012, and you'll see the quarters, as well as that year. So -- and then on an ongoing basis, I'm sure that we'll have some type of -- you'll see our sales with and without the acquisition, and we'll show you the EPS effect of that also.
Sean P. Hennessy: I would tell you that we reported that division down 3.7%. Without the acquisition, we would have been down 8.6%. But I would tell you -- on pricing, I would tell you that you look at that, that it was pretty consistent with stores.
Sean P. Hennessy: When you look at the absolute number, our share count is down. But as the selling -- as the price of our stock continues to go up, we have a dilutive effect on stock options. So over the course of the year, we're going to eliminate that. But we sort of got caught on the price of the stock and so forth. We really don't have -- so I think on a year-to-year basis, you'll see stock options not be dilutive. But I just think that the way the stock price went in the first quarter, it caught us after we were basically in a blackout. And -- but I will tell you, in general, our stock buyback went to the Comex acquisition, it's going to really be [ph] lower than it has been in the last decade on an annualized basis, but it will be enough to make sure that stock options are not dilutive.
Robert J. Wells: Bob, this is Bob. Let me take the second part of the question first. TiO2 thus far this year -- I mean, it certainly came down in the back half last year. But thus far this year, it's been relatively stable. And you know there are at least 3 producers in the market right now with price increase announcements. So we mentioned that there was a fair amount of volatility or that there was a fair amount of stability in TiO2, but we do not necessarily believe that it goes down in the back half from here. Time will tell. On propylene, the rule of thumb that we've been using is that it takes about 90 days for a moving propylene to get fully into the raw material basket, much faster on the solvents side of the business than on the resins and packaging side. So 90 days, I think, is a pretty good rule of thumb to see that -- the moving propylene fully priced into the raw material basket.
Robert J. Wells: We'll see it on solvents. Whether a quick spike, up and back down, gets into the acrylic chain or into plastic packaging...
Robert J. Wells: Don, this is Bob. The American Coatings Association put out an estimate of volumes for full year 2012 that was in the mid-3% range. Our estimate was closer to 3% flat. So somewhere in that range feels right. That would have put us in the 630-million- to 640-million-gallon range. So still, probably incremental 100 million gallons to come back to the market over some recovery time frame.
Robert J. Wells: The other thing, Kevin, if you look at housing starts over the course of 2012, they ramped up over the year so that the exit rate from that year was a pretty good indicator of where we were going to be at least at the start of the year in 2013. So we weren't operating blind.
Robert J. Wells: You know what, when you look at the Consumer Group margin, it did help the gross margin percent. It definitely did not help the gross margin dollars. And if we had a choice, we'd rather have the dollars. But -- and it was good business. I mean, the -- you had another supplier who wanted it because of the price of the SG&A. And the operating margin was a nice business for us.
Robert J. Wells: I think that for the second quarter, where we are in the step function of the SG&A, I think you're right about the guidance. I think there's got to be efficiencies. And you can see the SG&A as a percent of sales show improvement. And I think going back to Chris' remarks by the end of the year, we believe that SG&A, we expect it to be lower as a percent of sales. So I think that tells you, being up 4/10 in the first quarter, I think we have to have improvement in each of the following 3. Gross margin, same thing. Echoing Chris' remarks, we felt that gross margin will show improvement. So I think we're going to see it in both. So I think we're at volumes that we're going to see efficiency.
Robert J. Wells: Matt, this is Bob. Let me handle the first half of that question, and that is just the overall market environment in Mexico. Mexico had a rough year in 2012 due to some foreclosure activity, but long term, it is going to be a very attractive market. The rate of household formation per capita is much higher than that of the U.S. It's a young market, with more than 40% of the population under the age of 34. And per capita income and GDP is growing. So from a construction and maintenance standpoint, Mexico is going to be a very attractive market. And our business in Mexico has been performing well.
Robert J. Wells: No. We've kept our guidance -- all our guidance and reporting and so forth Comex-free so that when we do close in a lot of these numbers. And that's one of the numbers that will increase.
Robert J. Wells: Thanks, Robert. I'd just like to close by reminding everyone that our annual financial community presentation is scheduled for Thursday, May 23, at our headquarters in Cleveland. The program, as usual, will consist of our customary morning presentation with questions and answers, followed by a reception and lunch. And regardless of the timing of the close of the Comex transaction, we intend to discuss more detail about the strategic fit of this acquisition, more about what the combined organization may look like and our previous experience integrating acquisitions of this type. In addition, we've got lots of other worthwhile information to share, so please join us. If you have not signed up or would like to attend, there's still time. Send me an email at rjwells@sherwin.com, and I will reply with a link to our registration site. Thanks again for joining us this morning, and thanks for your continued interest in Sherwin-Williams.
