Martin J. Lyons: Well, the -- Paul, this is Marty. In terms of the equity level, during construction, we do have the ability to use hypothetical cap structure with equity of 56% in that cap structure, and so that is what is being used. And then, as projects actually go into service, then they have the cap structure that is in whatever legal entity that they sit within. And so for example, within AIC right now, the equity structure is a little north of 50% in terms of where the equity sits in that cap structure.
Martin J. Lyons: I don't anticipate a significant change in the way we capitalize the business in light of the FERC's ruling.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, I think we'll wait and let the filing speak for itself. It is a filing, not only our own filing, but with other transmission owners. And we don't want to get ahead of that filing and what we're asking for there. We do think that this language that was in the recent FERC order reaffirmed that, that adder is appropriate and needed. There's language in there that basically said the adder's intended to incent continued participation in the RTOs. And we think that was favorable language supportive of our view that, indeed, we're eligible for that 50 basis point adder. So that filing was made shortly. And then the FERC, based on history, had taken up consideration of that generally within a 60-day period. So, again, we'll let the filing speak for itself and can certainly answer questions once it's been filed.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Paul. And I think, for that question, we'll let Maureen Borkowski, who's the CEO of that business, speak to that question.
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, this is Marty. We haven't really spoken to, I'd say, the size of the opportunity broadly. We have said that we've proposed tens of projects in various regions around our service territory, and whether that be with PJM, MISO, SPP, projects ranging anywhere individually from $50 million to $500 million. So we have said that but not really spoken to, I'd say, universally what the breadth of the opportunity is.
Martin J. Lyons: The settlement in the ROE, certainly, it's a possibility. We and, I would imagine, other transmission owners certainly plan to take those settlement discussions seriously, and we'll see where they take us. Ultimately, if that process does fail to produce an outcome that is appropriate or, I guess, is reasonable to all parties then, obviously, we'll go to hearing, which would likely take a while. And again, either way, we think, as we said on our prepared remarks, would extend into 2015 and I would say quite possibly beyond, although I think definitely into 2015.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. This is Marty. I'll take that one again. So on the slide that we provided, on Slide 10, we laid out some of the investments that may be required as we implement our preferred plan that's laid out in the IRP. I would say, generally, with respect to our coal-fired power plants, the goal of the IRP and something we think's appropriate is to be able to run those plants and benefit from that capacity through the end of their useful lives. So that's one of the things that's sort of a foundation of our preferred plan. But along the way, as you see, investing in wind, solar, landfill gas and some hydro projects, as laid out on Slide 10 of our materials, we did break some of the potential capital expenditures down into 2 buckets, one bucket for the next 10 years and then the 10 years beyond that, mainly because the IRP filing is a 20-year look, a 20-year plan. I would say some of the investments that are in that first 10 years are embedded in our current capital expenditure and rate base growth guidance that we've provided. There's some that would be incremental to that. Much of that investment in that 10-year period would fall into the 5-year period beyond the current 5-year period we're in, so basically, rate base growth beyond the current 5-year period. As Warner discussed on the call, to the extent that the EPA's Clean Power Plan was ultimately put into effect in its current form, and of course, Warner spoke to the various legal and practical concerns with that plan, but as we mentioned, if it was put into place, the interim targets by 2020 with ultimate carbon reductions by 2030, we've said that would have potential impact on our customers of $4 billion. It would also require us to invest by 2020 an incremental $2 billion in additional infrastructure and rate base. So, again, we filed our IRP, we're advocating for our preferred plan, but ultimately, we're going to stay flexible and certainly continue to engage in discussions with EPA and other stakeholders around the Clean Power Plan.
Martin J. Lyons: We'll let -- we have with us this morning, Michael Moehn, who's the CEO of the Ameren Missouri business, and we'll let him provide some comments on that.
Martin J. Lyons: No. The 7% to 10% -- this is Marty again. The 7% to 10% growth, obviously, is driven by -- primarily by rate base growth. As you've seen, our rate base growth charted about 6% rate base growth between 2013 and 2018. So I'd say there's a little bit of lumpiness along the way that has to do with the timing of the capital expenditures, there'll be a little bit of lumpiness due to the timing of rate cases, and there'll be a little bit of lumpiness, as you say, along the way in earnings due to the Callaway refueling outage schedules. So we've got one ongoing right now, as we mentioned on the call, we don't have one next year, and then again, in 2018, we would not have one in 2018. So, as you're well aware, on an 18-month cycle for those refueling outages, but certainly there will be a little bit of lumpiness in earnings from year to year for the reasons I described.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, that would be right. So we have a $0.09 negative impact here in the fourth quarter from that refueling outage. There won't be one next year, so we would expect to see a $0.09 pickup for Callaway. And then, as I described in the earnings drivers for next year, I referred you to that slide, there's a number of pluses and minuses for next year, but certainly, that's a plus.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, that's a good point and, I think, an important one. We have an effective tax rate projected for this year of 39.5%. And that compares, last year, we actually, finished the year at about 37.5%. And so in our third quarter and you'll expect in the fourth quarter to have a little bit of a negative delta of this year versus last. But next year, we expect that to trend back to 38.5%, which is, frankly, where our longer-term expectations are. So I think that 38.5% is sort of a good thing to think about in terms of model.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, David, that's a very good question. I appreciate you asking, and I'll give you -- it's a bit of a more long-winded answer than you might expect. But I think generally, some positive trends and some positive data that we do have to report. When you look at the sales data in the statistics page, you will see a decline. Of course, part of that is weather, as you point out. But part of it, I think, you've got to remember too, has to do with the energy efficiency programs we have in Missouri. And those energy efficiency programs, we do believe, are very fair, constructive programs where we are made whole for the impacts, the cost and the impacts of that energy efficiency and even, to some extent, are provided incentives. So getting to your question, though, looking at the third quarter data on a weather-normalized basis, the residential and commercial sales were down about 0.8% and the industrial was down about 0.9%, which, on the surface, is not appealing. But when you actually, again, peel that back and you look at, for example, in Missouri, the residential, weather-normalized sales are down 1.1%, but energy efficiency spending and investment is really causing most to that. Excluding the energy efficiency impact, residential sales are actually be up 1%. And again, we're being compensated for that energy efficiency impact. So again, normalized for weather and energy efficiency, up 1%. Commercial sales on a weather-normalized basis -- and these are year-to-date numbers, by the way, that residential number. Commercial sales, weather-normalized, is down about 0.6%. But again, if you exclude the impacts of energy efficiency, it was pretty flat. And then in terms of our industrial sales, you'll recall in Missouri, in the first 2 quarters, we had industrial sales increases in the third quarter. We did see a little bit of a decline, but that was solely related to a dip in usage at Noranda. On their earnings call a couple of days ago, indicated that they had some temporary production issues that I believe were probably causing that. Excluding that Noranda impact, on a year-to-date basis, our industrial sales are actually up 0.5% and, again, normalized for energy efficiency, are up 1.1%. So we're really seeing growth, again, in Missouri in all of those classes, residential, commercial and industrial, when normalizing for not only weather but for the energy efficiency. In Illinois, some positive trends there. Weather-normalized residential sales, up 1.5%. And they've been up across all 3 quarters. Commercial sales, up 0.7% year-to-date. And then, as we've reported previously, industrial sales have been off nearly 2%, and we've gone through some of the industrial categories that factor into that in prior calls. But overall, I'd say that trends are positive, and I'd say economically, we're seeing housing starts in our service territory have been on an upward trend, unemployment has been coming down near to the national averages around 6%, manufacturing jobs have been stable, services jobs have been growing, those were all positive, and our residential customer counts are up in both states and our commercial customer accounts are up in both states. So really some positive trends that we're seeing kind of across the board.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. If you look at the Page 18 of our slide deck, year-to-date, the temperatures are having a negative -- excuse me, a positive 2% -- $0.02 versus normal. So year-to-date, again, temperatures, $0.02 positive versus normal.
Martin J. Lyons: No. It's continuing at reported continuing operations. So it is a GAAP number, and it's 2013 through 2018. And I'd say the only thing we've done there is, obviously, taken out discontinued operations.
