Martin J. Lyons: So there are multiple questions in there, Julien, and I'll take a stab at those and maybe others can chime in and supplement as we go. And if I miss any of your questions, we'll let you repeat it. I think your first question was about when we're going to file our next rate case. I mean, obviously, we just received this commission order. We're in the process of assessing the order and also considering what matters we may ask the commission to consider rehearing on. So I wouldn't say we're even through the full process of this one. So it's certainly premature to think about the timing of a next rate case. What goes into that obviously is assessing this order, its impact. As we mentioned on the call and as you just alluded to, we're going to be taking a number of actions to align spending with this rate case outcome. We'll be looking at our capital expenditures moving forward and the in-service dates. And all of those things are going to factor into a decision about when a next rate case may be. Probably important to note that this rate case was about 2.5 years since our last rate increase. So no telling when the next one will be, but like I said, those are the various things we'll take into consideration. You also asked, I think, about some of those actions that we may be taking to address any lag coming out of this order. And I think that whenever you go into a rate case, it's certainly expected that cost savings that you've achieved over the past couple of years, in our case, help to mitigate the rate increase for the customer. And that's certainly what's happened here. And then what you have to do going forward is, to the extent that there are nonrecovered costs for certain areas of your business that you're going to identify actions that you can take within your business to overcome those, to offset those. As I said on the call, our goal continues to be to earn at or very near to our allowed returns, and that's going to be our objective going forward. And without providing any specifics, certainly have processes underway today as part of our annual planning processes to identify and implement those actions which are needed to achieve that objective.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure. That's right. Those were parts of your other question. I guess, number one, Julien, we don't think about sort of an amount of lag that we're targeting or that we expect. As I said a moment ago, I mean, our objective is to earn at or very close to our allowed return. That has been our objective, and it continues to be our objective. Now there are going to be elements that are things that would have to be overcome. Now we'll -- on this transmission piece in the FAC, there, what's happened is transmission revenues and costs are coming out of the FAC and then would go into base rates and would be handled that way subject to potential rehearing on that issue with the commission. I would tell you that today, just to give you an order of magnitude, in 2015, we expect transmission revenues and transmission expenses in Ameren Missouri to be around $35 million. However, those revenues and those expenses change over time. And one of the reasons that we view them as being appropriate for being in the FAC is that, frankly, those costs are outside of our control and they can be volatile. And to give an example, I think what was put into our base rates reflected a differential between revenues and expenses of about $6 million where revenues had exceeded expenses. So that gives you, I think, some sense of the magnitude of the numbers and the change we've seen here recently. Hard to say what the change will be prospectively. Obviously, again, as I said, those costs are outside of our control. So what that may -- if it's not in the FAC, what that may mean for us in terms of prospective lag is really uncertain at this time.
Martin J. Lyons: Julien, that is our objective, and we work each year to align our costs to achieve that objective. Julien, I just would add on that, I mean, I think we have a good track record that we've shown over this past couple of years of actually achieving that objective. But thank you for your questions.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure. That's fine, Paul. I just wanted to clarify. I mean, obviously, in the slides we talked about our 6% compound annual rate base growth from '14 to '19. I mean, you're right. What we didn't do is specifically mention the earnings per share growth. And I think going forward, the reason for that is really simply that we plan to formally update you and others on the long-term earnings growth plans on an annual basis, consistent with our annual planning cycles. But that being said, as we sit here today, we do continue to be confident in our ability to deliver within that 7% to 10% compound earnings per share growth range that we previously talked about, which is from 2013 to 2018. As you know, Paul, that growth is driven by base growth that I just mentioned. It's driven by reduction in parent and other costs that we've been achieving. It's driven by the modernization and reinvestment of tax assets that we have, about $440 million of tax assets at the parent company. And also incorporated in there is our expectation of rising interest rates in achieving that 7% to 10% growth. What we don't plan to do is provide quarterly updates on the long-term plans going forward based on, I would say, short-term movements in interest rates or changes in allowed returns. We take all of that data, of course, into consideration as we prepare our -- do our annual planning and think about where we're going to allocate capital and how we're going to modify our longer-term growth plan.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure. Sure, Paul. It's a fair question. No, I mean, what we're not doing, I would say, is internally updating our 5-year earnings per share growth outlook each quarter based on changes. It's frankly a fairly comprehensive process that we and I'm sure other companies go through on an annual basis to think about changes in long-term interest rate forecast, long-term ROE forecast, changes in regulatory frameworks, changes in customer needs, changes in technology and really think about what kinds of investment should be made for the benefit of our customers, where they should be made, when they should be made. And all of those things factor into our long-term investment plans and our long-term EPS growth. So we do, do those comprehensive planning processes on an annual basis. And we'll be planning then to roll that out and roll it into the guidance we provide you and others on an annual basis about what our long-term growth plans are. Paul, I would just add a couple months ago, when we provided our guidance, I was asked a question about, "Well, are you going to hit that 7% to 10% in the current ROE environment?" And what I'd said on that call, and I certainly stand by is that, if we held the ROEs that were embedded into our guidance flat through time, we still expect to be in that 7% to 10% range, albeit potentially at the lower end. And I have to say that while we haven't completely reassessed our long-term model, I do remain confident that even with this lower Missouri ROE and holding the other ROEs embedded in our current guidance flat, we do have that flexibility within the guidance range and within our business plans to be able to achieve at least that 7% end of our growth. So and that growth, as you know, that 7% earnings per share growth is superior, I think, to the average of our regulated peers. And we fully expect that interest rates over time will rise, that ROEs will rise, and that will certainly help to drive earnings higher within that range.
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, we'll try -- this is Marty again. We'll try to take those in order. I think on the Missouri ones -- and maybe Michael Moehn, who's with us here who's the head of our Missouri operations could take the first part of your question.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Greg. This is Marty. What we had talked about on that call and repeat here, I mean, obviously, we've got active litigation and we don't want to get into specifics. But what we did say then is our guidance reflected approximately the outcome of the ISO New England order last year, plus a 50 basis point adder. And that kind of an ROE was embedded into our guidance, and that's what we continue to reflect in our ongoing results. And it's also reflected in our current guidance for 2015.
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, I'll try to answer as best I can. This is Marty again, obviously. But yes, the O&M was down. The O&M was down principally at Missouri. When you see the 10-Q, you'll get some further detailed breakdown, I suppose, by legal entity. But I'll tell you that Illinois was about flat and the real driver was lower Missouri. And I would say that, that's just, in general, just efforts to contain cost. There were some specific costs that we had last year at our Callaway plant that did not recur in the current period. But I would say, overall, our focus is to continue to work to improve the productivity of our operations, to find ways to control cost. And I can't really be specific with you in terms of trends for the remainder of the year in O&M. But I will tell you that just in general and especially in light of the rate case outcome that we had, we're going to continue to be very cost conscious and manage O&M very carefully.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Michael. I'll reiterate. Basically, what's in our new guidance, our current updated guidance reflects exactly what we had in our guidance in the beginning of the year. So we said then and we say now what it reflects is basically the outcome of the ISO New England order, plus 50 basis points. And so that gives you an approximation of where we're booking a reserve to, what the effective earned ROE is that we're reflecting in our financial statement this year. Obviously, we don't know where those cases will come out. We certainly think that the testimony that was filed by the MISO TOs and our own witnesses speak for itself. And we'll let that play out here over the remainder of the year.
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, it's Marty. Just a couple of things. I think it was implied in your question, but obviously, our rate base growth plans that we put out there today and in prior call, 6% doesn't include any kind of expectation for any kind of FERC Order 1000 competitive wins. So if anything was achieved there, it'd certainly be incremental. As Maureen described, we've got a good pipeline of local reliability projects. That goes on beyond the 5-year period. Certainly, there could be some incremental for our current 5-year plan. But I'd also mention that as we discussed last time, I think you asked a question in the last call and I responded, I mean, certainly, there could be of an incremental investment in other areas of our business, particularly in the gas area, where there's the possibility that new federal rules will come into play that will actually cause us to increase the amount of investment that we need to make for replacement of aging infrastructure. So there are number of things, including transmission on top of transmission that present additional rate base growth opportunity. Appreciate the question.
