Martin J. Lyons: Thanks, Warner. Turning now to Page 11 of our presentation. As Warner noted, today we reported earnings for the first quarter of 2014, of $0.40 per share compared to $0.22 per share for the first quarter of 2013. Key drivers of this earnings improvement are listed on this page. First, colder winter temperatures drove higher electric and natural gas sales volumes, increasing earnings by an estimated $0.07 per share compared to the year-ago period and compared to normal temperatures. Second, increased Ameren Illinois and ATXI electric transmission revenues under FERC's formula-looking ratemaking reflecting 2014 infrastructure investments, boosted the earnings comparison by a total of $0.03 per share. Third, lower interest expense, primarily at Ameren Missouri, increased first quarter 2014 earnings by $0.03 per share compared with the first quarter of 2013. Fourth, parent and other results improved, reflecting the substantial elimination of business and administrative cost, previously incurred in support of the divested merchant generation businesses. This benefited the earnings comparison by $0.03 per share. Finally, Illinois electric delivery service earnings recognized under formula ratemaking increased $0.02 per share, reflecting 2014 infrastructure investments, and a higher allowed ROE due to increased 30-year U.S. treasury bond yields. Moving now to Page 12. Warner already mentioned that we raised our 2014 earnings guidance to reflect the colder than normal first quarter temperatures. On this Page, we list selected items to consider, as you update your 2014 earnings models. These include the effect on earnings that a return to normal temperatures would have on this year's remaining quarters. Also, next year, Ameren's high-cost -- excuse me, next week, Ameren's high-cost $425 million parent company debt issue will mature. We plan to fund this maturity with short-term debt and expect to issue approximately $200 million to $300 million of parent company long-term debt late this year, as we continue to fund our ATXI infrastructure investment. In addition, I want to remind you that the 2013, Callaway Energy Center and nuclear fueling outage and the associated increase in operations and maintenance expenses was a second quarter event last year, but this year's refueling will take place in the fourth quarter. Finally, second quarter 2014 earnings should benefit compared to 2013, from the absence of last year's Missouri fuel adjustment clause disallowance, while fourth quarter 2014 earnings should benefit, again compared to 2013 from the absence of last year's Illinois debt redemption cost disallowance. Of course, these are only some of the factors that will have an effect on balancing the year 2014 earnings compared to last year. Turning finally to Page 13, I will summarize. We are executing on the well-defined strategy as mentioned by Warner. Our first quarter 2014 earnings results were strong as a result, we have raised our guidance range for this year. Our investment plan, including our strategic allocation of capital, disciplined cost control, and reduced parent company earnings drag are expected to lead earnings per share growth of 7% to 10% compounded annually from 2013 to 2018. This growth rate is better than the expected average of our regulated peers. Further, Ameren's $1.60 per share annualized dividend rate provides investors with a yield of approximately 4%. Finally, we aspire to grow our dividend as earnings grow and expect our dividend payout ratio to be between 55% and 70% for the annual earnings. This concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure, Warner. Paul, as I mentioned on our last call, what we'll do to the extent that we do have incremental capital expenditure opportunities, whether they be in Missouri at some point in the future or other parts of our business, is if we clearly look at the relative returns, so we can get on various projects across the enterprise, look at our overall funding needs and also look beyond the current 5-year period as we said before to be developing sort of a pipeline of investment opportunities, rate-based growth and earnings growth opportunities beyond the 5-year period through 2018. So the opportunities present themselves, no matter where they be, we'll take a look at enterprise-wide and across not just the 5 years [indiscernible] and decide whether to fund those incrementally in the short-term or rearrange our project timing to push some of those projects out and build that pipeline for the future.
Martin J. Lyons: That's absolutely right, Paul. There was nothing baked into our capital expenditure guidance for that nor did we feel that, that was necessary in order to achieve the earnings growth targets that we provided on our last call.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure, Julien. I think, that under the legislation coming up, actually here in July of this year, we'll be making of filing to show how our rates have been impacted in Illinois, across the board in terms of the total customer's bill. Interestingly, what's been happening since we got into the formula rates is, the major components of the customers' bill, both the power prices, as well as the delivery service components, both of those components have actually been coming down. So we've said in our prepared remarks, number one, we expect that when we present that to the ICC, which is due again on or before July 31, we're going to show a reduction for our residential customers during that period. We also had mentioned in our prepared remarks that while we did just file recently, a rate update case that will take effect early in 2015, we still believe even with that increase that the total electric bills for most of our customers will still be below the 2011 levels. So, so far so good in terms of Ameren meeting the overall test, if you will, which was a 2.5% compound annual growth rate in total bills. We're actually believe that the bills for our customers are actually down versus where we started.
Martin J. Lyons: And Julien, the only other thing I would add is -- this is Marty, is, go ahead and take a look at the 10-K disclosures we've made and we'll update them as appropriate in the 10-Q. Though, I don't think there's anything major in terms of latter half of the decade changes in estimates for cost. So, I think, 10-K is probably the best reference in terms of some of those longer-term potential capital expenditures. And the other thing that I just remind you and everybody else is that we'll be also filing integrated resource plan in Missouri later this year in the October timeframe. And that will also be a document that you might reference in terms of thoughts on our future generations.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Paul. This is Marty. You're correct. The guidance we gave at the beginning of the year, last year we had about $0.18 of parent and other costs that was both G&A cost, as well as, parent interest cost. Our guidance at the beginning of the year was that we would expect to reduce that this year down to about $0.10 per share and we are on target to accomplish that, if not beat that slightly.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. And that's right. We will do a known and measurable process. And historically, which you typically see as a true up of about 6 months post that test year. And so obviously, when we think about filing rate cases, we factor all those elements into our thinking including meaningful rate base additions. And so that's all part of the effective managing of these process from our view.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Michael, this is Marty. The -- one of the -- the best way of thinking about it is we talked before about 50 basis points in Illinois is about $0.025 per share of those electric delivery earnings. And I think, that's probably the best thing to think about. Something coming in into this year with respect to the ROE, we will affect sort of the formula midpoint at about [indiscernible] percent, which is what we were expecting a 30-year treasury of about 4.1%. And as we sit here now and based on as we look at our guidance, given that treasury -- I think 30-year treasuries plus [indiscernible] as of May 1, we're thinking it could be a little lower than 4.8%, maybe around 3.8%, which would give us an ROE of about 9.6%. So if that 9.6% versus the 9.9% expected, I mean again, that's probably about $0.015 of earnings right there, if that holds.
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, absolutely. That is [indiscernible]-- this fourth quarter of this year, we actually have another about $0.06 cost for Callaway refueling. Next year we would not expect to incur those costs. So there is no amortization of the actual costs. We end up reflecting those and incurring them in the quarter that they occur. From time to time, and I'm not currently giving out the 2015 guidance, but we certainly think about our outage schedules with respect to our other fossil-fired generating units too though, as we think about year changes in O&M. So and there is some variability there.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, it's not going to be necessary to refile. But we will provide you what we are basically saying on the call is that as we go through the year at some point we'll give some updated guidance on CapEx. And just wanted you all to know, we were looking at the overall final project plan, timing and capital expenditures for that project. Overall, as Warner mentioned in this talking points, the route was call it marginally longer. There were numerous angles that were in the final plan to accommodate property owners and avoid environmentally sensitive areas. So in all of those things, we do think put some modest upward pressure on the total cost of the project. But as I said again, we are working through the final project plans, capital expenditure amounts and timing, and as I said, I think in response to a question earlier, what we do then, is we'll step back and look at our overall Ameren-wide capital spending plans, and allocate capital as we feel appropriate.
Martin J. Lyons: I don't think, I have the length of the original plan, but the -- the cost estimates you see in our slides, have not been changed. So the cost estimates that you have in the slides are the same costs and estimates that we provided historically. And we're just simply saying that we do expect to be some moderate upward pressure on those cost estimates. And we'll provide updates later on. But I don't have the exact change in the miles, but the miles were an impact, but also like I said, twists and turns to avoid certain properties also had an impact.
Martin J. Lyons: Carl, this is Marty. Thanks for the question. When you look at those various drivers for the quarter, they were positive versus the prior year. Many of those though were right in line with our expectations, when we put out the guidance. So the first one, the temperatures was really the one that was unexpected and drove electric margins about $0.05 higher and gas margins about $0.02 higher. So the weather clearly had a benefit. When we think about the guidance for the year, which we started at $0.20, and we're still at $0.20. It's important, obviously to remember that the bulk of our earnings come in the third quarter of the year. So we've got a long way to go here for the remainder of the year, both in terms of calendar months, but also in terms of where the bulk of our earnings really come from. So in thinking about it, while weather benefited us $0.07, and we are raising our guidance about $0.05. There are obviously in a forecast, there are always things if you move through time, that would change either plus or minus in terms of a little bit of a negative, certainly talked about 30-year treasuries earlier on the call, which, if our updated treasury forecast holds, probably, cost us may be $0.015 or so versus our initial expectations. Then again, we're doing well in terms of reducing the parent and other costs, expected do well in terms of refinancing of that parent company debt, we probably picked up about $0.015 there that much -- so it's interesting about interest rates, it kind of cut both ways for us in terms of savings on the refinancings. It's a benefit. We -- when we mentioned sales, when we did look at our Q1 sales frankly absent weather normalization. There were actually a little better than expected. So taking credit for that, but not really changing the balance of the year expectations. It probably picked up about a $0.01 there, and then we lost a little bit and the expectation of a higher effective tax rate. So those things we didn't all call out, there are a bunch of pluses and minuses that are a $0.01 here or a $0.01 there. Again, weather was a big benefit, it upped our guidance and the guidance range simply reflects we got a long way to go this year.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, historically -- we will continue to evaluate. I think, historically, maybe we tightened it up a little after the second quarter, but really, as I said before, the third quarter is where the bulk of the earnings come. But pretty significantly after the third quarter.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, again, that we will see how that proceeding plays out. But absolutely, we believe that in the process of setting rates, sales levels should be normalized for weather.
Warner L. Baxter: Steven, this is Warner. I'll touch on some of the big picture things and then in terms of some of the timing, maybe I'll ask Maureen Borkowski, our CEO of our transmission business to step in. But a big picture, we do see opportunities for incremental investments in transmission. Certainly, as you mentioned, you look at Entergy coming into MISO and we see that there are clear opportunities there. But I wouldn't limit it to just that, I would look at the opportunities at the MISO and PJM scene, as well as between MISO and SPP and frankly, beyond that just some of our NERC liability projects. You put all those types of things together and we see over the next several years, real opportunities for growth in transmission and Maureen and her team, even today are taking steps to position ourselves to execute on investment strategy there, just as we did, frankly many years ago, to put ourselves into position we're at today to execute on the $2.25 billion that we're executing in the plan. So we absolutely -- something we should be thinking about and something we're clearly thinking about and we intend to execute on. In terms of overall timing, Maureen, I know that there is a process going up, perhaps you can fill in -- fill us in a little bit on that.
Warner L. Baxter: Steven, this is Warner. I think, certainly there were other priorities that the legislature took on this year. And certainly, to be clear, I mean, there certainly was some opposition by certain consumer groups that really, I would say, are taking more of a shorter term energy focus than the longer-term. So one of the things that we have been and will continue to do is continue to educate key stakeholders, not just legislators, but others around the state about the importance of solid energy policy in the state of Missouri about the importance of infrastructure investment, and not only how it's going to lead our customers' energy needs and expectations in the future, but also how we're convinced, it can drive economic development and growth. I think, a great example that would be helpful for us, so the great things that Richard Mark and his team are doing over in Illinois, in terms of using that constructive regulatory policy over there to invest in our infrastructure, helping deliver on the energy needs and expectations of customers and certainly driving job growth. So it is an educational process that we'll continue to do. It is an outreach process to legislators and key influentials, and it's important that we continue to raise the priority level of responsible energy policies in the state of Missouri. And Michael Moehn, who I know, has taken over in my role in Ameren Missouri, I know this is a top priority for he and his team and we're going to continue to be relentless in our discussions around this important energy policy in state. But, I think ultimately, is just going to continue to be working very hard to educate key stakeholders and continue to advocate for that responsible policy.
Warner L. Baxter: Paul, this is Warner. Look at big picture, we feel 2 things about those cases. Number one, about the earnings complaint case, we don't feel it's justified for our rates to go down. So we look forward to having that discussion before the Missouri Public Service Commission team over the next several months. And then secondly, I think, we've been clear that we believe that the rate shift that Noranda is proposing is simply not in the best interest of our customers. And so as you should expect that these cases to go before the Missouri Public Service Commission over the next 7 months.
Warner L. Baxter: Julian, this is Warner. In the bigger picture, I think that our team has done a nice job in positioning ourselves well to comply certainly with the existing environmental regulations. We're well positioned to address the MATS rules with these electrostatic precipitators and as we've said, we are well-positioned to address CSAPR. We certainly can't predict what the new rule is going to be in the future. And certainly, as the ash rules get finalized, we will obviously take the steps to comply with them. As we all know, here in June, there will be essentially proposed rules around greenhouse gas regulations. The one thing, I will say, is that we will continue to be advocating for responsible energy policies. We will take a very active role within the industry, within the state and federally trying to make sure that we have responsible energy policies that factoring the impacts on customers, the economy, and certainly environment. And so, with that, that's really how we see at as we sit here right now.
Warner L. Baxter: Julien, this is Warner. The bottom line is that, we intend to file our electric rate increase requests by July 15, and we will execute that case as planned. We will have these other proceedings going on and perhaps in parallel and perhaps they'll be consolidated at some point, we simply can't predict. But we know that we will be filing our other electric rate increase requests by mid-July.
Warner L. Baxter: So the update is as follows, that bill has been passed in a bit different, but a similar conceptual bill from the house has been passed by 2 committees. The energy committees, both in the Senate and the House. And so it has not received floor debate, and as we said, we're both coming up to the end of session. So while not impossible for that bill to still get potential have passage. Obviously, as each day goes by it become more challenging.
Warner L. Baxter: Michael, this is Warner. I'll try and take a high-level shot. Because the fact of the matter, the specific rate base in the earnings complaint case is still, I would say, a moving target. It is -- no one really knows the specific rate base. I think they're ultimately be the final last year and true up period is still under discussion. So we really don't have that. In terms of the rate design case, rate base may not be as critical discussion as it would be in the other earnings case. But I would say is this, as we've talked about in our talking points, just in terms of incremental capital additions, I mentioned 3 -- that are a few that are out there. Number one is the Callaway, the reactor vessel head at Callaway. The precipitators that are taking place at our Labadie Energy Center. We have a new solar energy facility, which will be coming on in the second half of the year. And then, we've added 2 new substations downtown. Those projects alone and I'm not talking about the rest of our projects, they alone are about $370 million. And so, then you can look at some of the other disclosures that we had in the past in terms of our rate base may be growing. But those are just some meaningful projects that whether they'll, a piece of those will be included in this rate base, but certainly they'll be included in our rate case, that was filed in July.
