Michael Moehn: Julien, this is Michael Moehn. I don’t – we haven’t really said. I mean, what we’ve been clear about is that we think as this legislation is written, 564, it certainly would support that incremental $1 billion of investment, and we think that we could do it underneath that prescribed cap.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Steve, this is Michael Moehn. Yes, you got it right. And so I think what we have been telling folks as we wrap up the conclusion of these contracts that we’ll be filing for the CCN in the first half of 2018. And you’re correct, I mean, as part of that filing, we would make the request to use what’s called the RESRAM, the regulatory recovery mechanism for these renewable projects. And that process, I think, we’ve been saying could take anywhere from six to 10 months to complete.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Again, as we’ve talked a couple of times, we have been going through this RFP process and now are in the middle of serious contract negotiations, which we hope to be wrapping up soon. And we just were committed to filing the CCN in the first half of 2018.
Michael Moehn: The CCN process, we’ve been saying that it typically follows about a six- to 10-month kind of approval process.
Michael Moehn: I Yes. I would just add, look, this bill is the result of a lot hard work and compromise. I mean, it’s an excellent bill. I think that, as Warner said, we’re going to demonstrate the benefits to our customers, so obviously the benefits to us and benefits to the state of Missouri. So we look forward to engaging with the House.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I think, our proposal, yes. Again, if you just step back and you think about why we’re doing this, I mean, you have the renewable standard that’s out there that requires us to have the renewables in place by 2021. I mean, that’s really the driver behind this. We went through a robust RFP process, which we’re in the process of bringing to a conclusion. We’re working through all the transmission issues that come along with that, and then we’re going to file the CCN. And so – and that’s the process that I think you typically file with the commission here in the state of Missouri. So I think we feel very, very good about our overall process. I can’t really comment about Empire’s but feel strong about ours.
Michael Moehn: So the wind does fall underneath the cap. I think what the slide is potentially trying to explain is that if these riders cause you to exceed the cap, either the FAC, the RESRAM, et cetera, you’re able to defer that for a future rate case as long as you’re, again, underneath that 2.85% and get that recovered.
Martin Lyons: Julien, this is Marty. Yes. When you look at the credit metrics and the credit ratings that we have today, we are very happy with the credit ratings that we have today. Our issue of ratings today for Ameren at S&P are BBB+, as shown in the materials; and with Moody’s, Baa1. To give you a sense, I mean, our FFO-to-debt metric, the threshold that S&P has for us out there, that BBB+, is 13%. And at Moody’s, the threshold for the Baa1 for FFO to debt is 20%. So look, as we go through time, and you can see this in the materials we provided today, we’ve always looked to maintain a strong balance sheet, strong credit metrics. We’ve worked hard over the past several years to improve, I’d say, the business risk profile of the company, and we’re going to continue to work on both of those fronts as we move forward. As we looked at the capital investment plan that we laid out today, the rate base growth plans and we looked at our cash flows, including the impacts of tax reform, we ended up thinking it was certainly prudent that we go ahead and issue some equity under the dividend reinvestment and employee benefit programs, again with the goal of keeping the balance sheet strong and keeping strong credit metrics. As we look ahead and as we update the capital expenditure plans, looking ahead the rate base growth plans, we’ll step back and assess the overall capital plan and the funding needs but again with that backdrop of wanting to keep a balance sheet, strong credit metrics, and importantly, make sure we’re positioning those investments for success in the regulatory environment as we seek to earn a fair equity returns on those investments.
Martin Lyons: Paul, this is Marty. No, it does not. So when you look at that slide, it includes the $4.3 billion of expenditures that are shown in the table to the left. And then as Warner pointed out on the conference call, it includes the impacts of tax reform and the impacts on rate base we see from, I’d say, the changes in deferred taxes versus what we otherwise would have expected.
Martin Lyons: Yes. Well, look, I think we have a very strong rate base growth plan at 7%. And I think our EPS growth that goes along with it, a 5% to 7% compound annual, is also very strong, especially coming off of the strong 2017 earning base that we have of $2.83. So that is the base for that. And I would say that, Paul, as you think about it, it includes also all of our assumptions about funding that I just laid out, including the use of equity from those dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plan. Again, that should produce about $80 million of equity annually. And I think the 5% to 7%, which is, again, we think very strong, incorporates a variety of assumptions in terms of Treasury rate assumptions, spending levels, rate case outcomes, economic conditions and the like. But it does – it’s what we believe is certainly the right growth given the rate base and funding plans that we’ve laid out.
Martin Lyons: Paul, I think if you look through time, I mean, we’ve always worked to maintain strong balance sheets and credit metrics at all of our legal entities, both the parent company as well as our subsidiaries. We laid out on the slides that our target capitalization over time is around 50-50. And I would say, as it relates to Ameren Missouri, for a third time, we have had ratemaking in Missouri for our Ameren Missouri utility that is based on the utility’s capital structure. And we would expect that to be the case through time.
Martin Lyons: Andy, this is Marty. Yes. When you look at it overall, especially in a non-Callaway outage year, we thought it was certainly prudent this particular year to have a little bit of a higher or higher-than-normal schedule for our nonnuclear outage costs. And that’s the primary driver of that number as well as some – I’d just say some other O&M that we have in Missouri this year. I would not necessarily expect that to be a recurring number year-over-year. And look, I think when you step back overall, as you know, we’ve been improving our earn return as a company and each of our jurisdictions through time on a consolidated basis. And in Missouri, it’s our goal to continue to earn very close to our allowed returns.
Martin Lyons: I guess I don’t have a breakdown on exactly that number for you, Andy, other than to say I wouldn’t call them necessarily onetime. These kinds of outages do occur through time, just a higher concentration of them this year than in some other years.
Martin Lyons: Yes. Neil, this is Marty again. As we’ve said before, to the extent we have additional capital expenditures, and in this case, whether they’d be related to the wind, whether they’d be related to the Senate Bill 564, we’ve always said we’ll stop – step back and we’ll reassess the overall capital plan and funding plans. But as Warner said, it’s premature to discuss whether we would make any changes to the base plan that we have today. We have said repeatedly that we are certain that if we get Senate Bill 564 across the finish line that we will put significantly more capital to work in the state of Missouri. And so I’d say that those are sort of our thoughts as we look ahead and think about the possibility of those incremental expenditures.
Warner Baxter: Julien, this is Warner. I think what we said is we would spend these expenditures through 2023. That’s what it would be. And a lot of this would be predicated when the legislation is ultimately passed, but we’ve been clear. We had a plan out there. That’s a five-year plan for $1 billion. And so through 2023 is what we’ve been talking about.
Warner Baxter: Steven, this is Warner. I think clearly we’d pointed out opportunities for additions, both for the wind as well as for grid modernization. We presented our base plan, and we have two meaningful opportunities that we’ll continue to work very hard to execute on. And so it’d be premature to say exactly what we’ll do with the overall plan. But the bottom line, we’re not saying we’re going to make any changes to the plan as we see it today.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Paul, this is Warner, and I’ll ask Michael to comment. Look, I think that the bottom line is, as we’ve said, the passage of this bill in the Senate is a positive step forward, but now we’re going to turn our attention to the House of Representatives. And what we do is we’re going to look forward to discussing the real significant benefits of Senate Bill 564 with all the members of the House. You have to keep in mind that the Senate just passed this bill so that it’s now moved on over to the House, and so we’re looking forward to having those conversations.
Warner Baxter: And, Michael, just to add a little bit to that and I guess a little maybe to what Steve’s question was before. When we look at this bill, and we’ve been clear that if Senate Bill 564 is passed, I mean, we will spend significantly more investments or make significantly more investment in the state of Missouri. $1 billion, this is what we’re talking about. And so that is absolutely our plan. And so with that comes significant benefits to our customers in terms of, not just modernizing the grid, but also giving them the tools that they want to manage our energy usage. Michael talked about this compromise. This compromise took what was already a bill that have robust consumer protection and made them even more robust. So these are the types of things that we’re going to talk about the with House of Representatives, including a significant number of jobs that will be driven by this bill.
Warner Baxter: Well said, Marty. And I would just add similarly with wind, right. That’s the bottom line. We have a very constructive regulatory mechanism that is contained and then the renewable energy standard. Both of those things will drive important than investments in the state of Missouri.
Warner Baxter: So Andy, I’m sorry, if you don’t mind, could you maybe repeat your question? It’s a little bit loud – it’s hard to hear you.
