Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons, and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at Ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the investor section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with an overview of first quarter 2012 earnings and 2012 guidance, followed by a discussion of recent regulatory and business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of first quarter 2012 financial results as well as regulatory and other financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Here is Tom, who will start on Page 3 of the presentation.
Doug Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. Operator, we’ve exceeded our scheduled hour but I think we’ll take just two more questions. So Operator, if you’d please put those through.
Doug Fischer: Okay, this is Doug Fischer. I want to thank everybody for participating in today’s call. Let me remind you again that this call is available for one year on our website. You may also call the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer, or to Matt Thayer. Media should call Brian Bretsch. Our contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren Corporation and have a good day.
Martin Lyons: Sure, Paul, this is Marty. In terms of the overall guidance, obviously the guidance is affirmed and unchanged; but within the guidance, the regulated upper and lower ends came down about $0.05. In merchant, lower and upper ends went up by about $0.05, and they netted out, obviously. The big driver for the quarter, really, in the regulated business was weather, as you heard on the call. Weather impacted our earnings negatively versus last year by about an estimated $0.13, and versus normal about $0.10. We had very warm winter weather, and it was that $0.10 weather variance versus normal that caused us to move our guidance down for the regulated businesses by about $0.05.  On the merchant side, our guidance had been zero to $0.10 of earnings. We moved it up to $0.05 to $0.15. As a result of the impairment of our Duck Creek energy center, depreciation expense will actually be lower going forward, and so the increase in our guidance for merchant reflects that reduction in depreciation expense.
Martin Lyons: This is Marty again. The Illinois Pollution Control Board, who we’ve filed with, has a history of weighing a number of things – impacts of a proposed variance to the environment, as well as the cost of coming into compliance and economic impacts of the compliance plan that is either planned or the alternatives to that plan. So they have a history of balancing environmental issues with economic issues, and there has been precedent in the state for variances to be granted. In fact, there’s some precedent even here with us where variances have in the past been granted by the Pollution Control Board. So we’re optimistic that our proposed plan will be received favorably by the Board.
Martin Lyons: Well, as you know, some of those EPA regs are a bit in flux, as we saw the appeal of the CSAPR rules and then the MATS rules come into play later down the line. You may recall as a result of our compliance with the Illinois multi-pollutant standard, we’ve made significant investments in environmental controls. We burn low-sulfur Powder River Basin coal. We control mercury through the use of activated carbon. We’ve got a lot of controls in our plants, and those controls, those investments are positioning us well in our merchant business for compliance with MATS, and then we’ll see how CSAPR evolves, although we feel like we were positioned well for compliance with the CSAPR rules that existed before as a result, again, of our use of Powder River Basin coal, the scrubbers we have on some of our plants, as well as the decision last year to shut down a couple of our older, uncontrolled plants.
Martin Lyons: No. Let me describe what that is. Basically what it is from a GAAP accounting standard, we’re required to book to the estimated end of year effective tax rate, which given the impairment charge that we took and projecting out to the end of the year, we’re forecasting about a 24.5% effective tax rate. So we’re required to book to that in the first quarter. Because our earnings excluding the impairment charge are seasonal and heavily weighted towards the third quarter, the earnings in the first quarter excluding the impairment charge are pretty low. So when you take that impairment charge and you tax effect it at, say, a 40% kind of effective tax rate, it has the effect of really pushing the effective tax rate down for the quarter down to a very low level. So we had to—we described the decrease to the benefit of the Duck Creek impairment tax effect basically increased the effective tax rate up to that 24.5% level in the first quarter. But between now and the end of the year, and likely between now and the end of the third quarter, that will reverse out.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, it’s about—Paul, it’s about $25 million, so I think that’s probably about $0.06 per share, so the $0.05 per share is really this current year expected impact.
Martin Lyons: Well, you’re right, Paul. That’s exactly right; it’s part of the answer, anyway. When you do an impairment test from an accounting perspective, first you look at the expected gross cash flows undiscounted over the remaining lives of the generating assets and then compare it to the carrying values. The Duck Creek facility did have a high book value or carrying value per megawatt, and that was really a function, as you mention, of the environmental equipment that is on that plant and that we invested in. But also, you might recall, Paul, that generating unit was actually acquired when Ameren acquired CILCORP years ago, and as a result at that time in purchase accounting, that plant was written up to its then fair value. So it had a higher book value as a result of that purchase accounting, and then on top of that the investments were made for environmental controls, so it had a fairly high book value compared to our other plants.
Martin Lyons: Well Ashar, I guess the answer I’m trying to convey is first and foremost, they’re going to try to manage operating costs and capital expenditures to work towards a cash flow positive situation. With respect to Genco, it could then pursue sales of assets, if needed, to generate cash, and those are the primary focus areas. In terms of the impairment, the impairment was not a Genco asset; it was an energy resources asset but over in the AERG subsidiary, so the impairment really didn’t affect Genco, the legal entity. It basically rolls up and impacts only Ameren’s financial statements, and as you see today, nearly 52% equity in our total capital structure after the write-off and we have plenty of liquidity – over $2 billion of liquidity. So really, no impact on cash. Our equity content and our cap structure remain strong, and so overall don’t see a need for additional equity at this point.Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, thank you so much.
Martin Lyons: No, I think you’re on the right track. I think we just talked about a few things that you would have to consider, and that’s the rate base growth, the allocation of the capital to the various jurisdictions and how that affects the blended earned ROE, and then over time as you model it out, how we would go about financing that, which again I said largely would be through reinvestment of retained earnings, some debt financing, and then depending on your model some consideration of additional equity, but the objective getting to that 50 to 53% equity ratio.Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Management: Okay, thank you very much.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Michael. I think we would refer you back to the first quarter call transcript, but I think when you look at overall, it’s in Missouri you’re seeing actually a trend down in O&M. You’ll recall that late last year, we actually had a voluntary retirement or severance plan that ended up having about a 340 headcount reduction overall between Ameren Missouri as well as our business in corporate services area. So that’s rolling through in terms of cost savings this year.  For the merchant business, we actually kind of gave out a specific number that was down a little bit from the prior year, which was about—an expectation of O&M expense of about $290 million. Again, like I said, it’s a little bit down from last year. And then in Illinois, I think the important thing to remember there is whatever the O&M costs are, those will actually be included in the formula ratemaking adjustment that we book this year. So whether they were to go up or down, it would result in more or less revenue being recognized under the formulaic rate adjustment. We do expect those O&M expenses, however, to go up as we are ramping up to meet the requirements of the law in terms of investments and job creation. So those O&M expenses are going up in Illinois this year.
Martin Lyons: I’ll see whether somebody has the rate base number – I don’t have that off the top. But we did—you know, Michael, overall in terms of the ROE, the midpoint of our ROE reflects about a 9.2% earned ROE, or assumed earned ROE in Illinois. That assumes average treasury yields of about 3.3% for the year, so that’s the ROE that we had embedded as a midpoint. You’ll recall that there is a—you know, where the ROE actually ends at the end of the year will be a function of where the 30-year treasury yields actually go over the course of the year, and then there’s a plus or minus 50 basis point collar on that ROE.  One thing I might mention is that that plus or minus 50 basis point collar equates to about a plus or minus $0.025 per share, so there’s a band or a collar on the ROE based again on the formula.  One of the things I’d point you to just in terms of rate base was that in our January 3 filing – and this was on Slide 14 – the rate base in that January 3 filing was about 2.16 billion, actually shown on that slide. What that represented was the rate base from the 2010 FERC Form 1 plus 2011 and 2012 net plant additions. And then what that wouldn’t reflect is simply adjustments to the deferred tax balances.
Martin Lyons: I would say, Michael, that it’s probably in the $200 million range for us, I would believe. The other thing to remember about Illinois, and that’s just we’re talking about the electric delivery rate base. You’ve also, of course, got the gas rate base that we’re earning on as well as the transmission rate base in Illinois, so that’s not total Illinois rate base.
Martin Lyons: No, I don’t believe so.Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research & Management: Okay, got it. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Thomas Voss: Well, I think it’s specific to our request. As I said earlier, I think there is precedent for the Pollution Control Board to grant variances like the one we have requested, so I don’t think it’s precedent-setting in terms of the Pollution Control Board ruling favorably in terms of our specific request. But I don’t think that then would apply to others. It’s really an Ameren Energy Resources specific variance request.
Thomas Voss: Well, I think we’re positioned pretty well for those rules. I guess I don’t have the data here in front of me to say whether we’ll well positioned all the way out through 2020 or what some of the impacts may be, but we are positioned well for it, again as I mentioned earlier for the reasons I mentioned earlier. When we looked at the emission allowances or the credits that we had as a result of the shut down of the Meredosia and the Hutsonville facilities we did last year, as well as the pollution control equipment we have in place and the use of the Powder River basin coal, so we’re positioned well. We’ll see what happens with the CSAPR rules, where they come out; but again, I talked about this on the February call, when we looked at the deceleration of the Newton scrubber, when we looked at the rules that were most restrictive for us out in that 2015 time frame, it was the Illinois multi-pollutant standard that was the significant limitation, absent the scrubbers.
Thomas Voss: You were breaking up a little bit, but I think your question was would the capital expenditures that we’ve got, or the pollution control equipment that’s in place, we’d be sort of all set. I think the answer is yes. We’ve made significant investments in pollution control equipment. We’re incurring significant O&M costs today for compliance with the multi-pollutant standard, and those things position us well in terms of the federal air emissions rules that we’re aware of today.
Thomas Voss: Well, yes, for this Newton scrubber project, that’s right; and again, I’d refer you to our five-year CAPEX plans that we put out in our 10-K, and you’ll see them updated in the 10-Q, but really no change. Based on the equipment we’ve got in place, the capital expenditure plans we’ve laid out, we believe we’ll be positioned well.
Thomas Voss: Julian, I don’t have any specific data on Grand Tower or the other couple of peakers to share with you. We do expect the Grand Tower will be running more this year than it has in the past, given the low power prices. Overall on your other question, really no update on the overall process. Again, the put option was put in place really as more of a—if an emergency situation need arose, Genco could put those assets. You know, one of the things we pointed out on our year-end call was that Genco had money pool loans that were made to affiliates at year-end. Those balances have actually grown a little bit here in the first quarter. I think when you see their balance sheet, I think they’ve got about $95 million loan to affiliates, so really no immediate need for cash. There is—you know, the loans that have been made to affiliates, so there’s really no process underway right now to sell those assets. 
Thomas Voss: Julian, that’s right. We have the ability, given the controls we’ve put in place, to meet that more stringent standard, and with no additional cost. So we, again, believe that’s something that, as you say, if we push the scrubber equipment that we’ve got in place, we’ll be able to achieve that.
Thomas Voss: Yeah, yeah. I’m sorry – I was focused on the second question and had forgotten the first. But yeah, when you end up seeing our disclosures for the first quarter, they’ll mirror those from year-end, that essentially based on the covenant that borrowings at Genco we forecast to be restricted by the end of the first quarter of next year. So there won’t be any change in the disclosures in the Q relative to the K, which is why we put the put option in place. We wanted to make sure there was clarity in terms of if Genco needed access to cash, access to liquidity, how would it arrange that, because as you say, looking ahead one might assume really no borrowing access under the revolver, based on that disclosure that we’ve made.
