Warner Baxter: Sure. Sure. This is Warner. So look, the simple answer to that question is no, on both counts. And just to be clear, in the normal course, we don’t normally comment on litigation matters and subpoenas unless they’re material or have a financial impact. But I recognize the sensitivity of this. And so I’ll just reiterate again, no on both counts, period.
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is Warner again. Look, we’ve been real clear. Our objective is to take the existing formula rate framework and extend it to 2032. We’ve been – that’s what we’ve been advocating throughout this year. It’s what we continue to advocate today, and that’s what I said on the call. Whether we have an opportunity to address the ROE, that is something that we will look at. But look, we like what we have. And if we can make it even better, we will do that as well.
Warner Baxter: Yes, if you look, as I said during the – my prepared remarks, Missouri is going in for a rate review, and it’s asking for a $1 million rate decrease. And so I think that’s evidence of the work that we’re doing to be very disciplined in our cost management as well as putting to work really significant investments that have driven significant value to our customers and our communities.
Marty Lyons: Sure, Alex. This is Marty. Let me talk a little bit about that. In 2019, we’ve had a little bit of an unusually positive year in terms of MEEIA performance incentive benefits. In Q1, you may recall that we had about a $20 million benefit. And in Q3, we’ve recognized another approximately $18 million benefit. So the total is about $38 million for the year or approximately $0.11, maybe a little over $0.11. And really, that’s because of incentives related to 2 prior programs, both the 2013 program and the 2016 programs. And in the quarter, we actually had, as I mentioned, in the third quarter, we have this $18 million benefit. And the range could have been anywhere from a target incentive of about $5 million up to the $18 million that was recognized, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, where we achieved the maximum under the program. So we actually had a fairly positive year. Just to give you a little bit of a sense of history, if you go back in time, in 2017, we had really no benefit. In 2018, I think it was about a $0.03 benefit. And then this year, we had, as I said, about $0.11 benefit. And like I said, it was something that was – could have been a range of 5 – $5 million to $18 million in Q3. So a bit of a positive benefit there relatively and versus expectations. As you look ahead to next year, we roll into – we’re into now, this year, the MEEIA 3, the third version of this energy efficiency program. And depending upon the performance under this first year, we expect that the benefits next year could be in the range of $7 million to $8 million. So down next year, which is why we’re guiding at this point to about a $0.09 negative year-over-year. But I just do want to highlight again that when you look at this year, the fact that we are raising guidance here in the quarter, raising the midpoint of our guidance by $0.03, certainly part of our ability to do that is the performance incentive that we did earn in Q3 at that maximum level.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Greg, this is Marty again. You’re right. The outage next year, we’re forecasting being about $0.11 outage. If the request we made is accepted by the commission, what we would expect then is that we would defer that $0.11 and then amortize it over approximately an 18-month period. So to a large extent, that $0.11 would be removed from earnings next year. There would be a little bit of amortization sort of at the end of next year. But then, of course, the next year, when you roll around to 2021, when we otherwise – when we won’t have an outage, that we would see approximately 2/3 of an outage expense reflected in that year. So that’s how we do it. I’ll tell you, Greg, in terms of this ask we’ve made of the commission, and it’s really not a change in ratemaking per se, or revenue requirement. But I think what this would allow us to do is, over time, not have fluctuations in our earnings due to the timing of this Callaway outage and give us a smoother trajectory of earnings growth going forward. So that’s part of the goal with respect to this ask.
Marty Lyons: No, no, no. Not really specifically, Greg, in terms of that. I think that really, like I said, the thrust behind this is to, over time, have a more normalized level of growth over time and not have the sort of fluctuations associated with Callaway. If you look at what we did this year, Greg, I mean, just in terms of this 30-year treasury, this year, we went into the year thinking it was going to be about 3.1%, and we’re booking to about 2.5%, so down about 60 basis points, which created this year about $0.04 of headwind. As you heard today, we raised the midpoint of our guidance $0.03. A little bit of that is positive weather. We’ve had a couple of cents of positive weather. We also had these MEEIA performance incentives I spoke to earlier, but also contributing to that ability to raise guidance at a disciplined cost control. As we look ahead towards the longer term and the growth that we’re expecting, of 6% to 8%, look, the long-term guidance we’ve given, 6% to 8% growth out through 2023, yields about a $0.40 earnings range out there in 2023. If you look at where we are from the beginning of this year until today from, say, a 3.1% treasury down to about a 2.4% today, it’s about 70 basis points. We’re talking about a nickel or so of earnings if those 2.4% treasury rates hold. A nickel, in and of itself, certainly, not going to move us outside that $0.40 range. If we look to the longer term, we’ve got a number of tools in our toolbox. We have actions we believe we can take, and we’ve discussed many times that we’ve got a very robust pipeline of capital investments that we can make over time. And certainly, a tool in our toolkit. But bottom line is, Greg, that range we’ve got out there accommodates a range of treasury rates, allowed returns on equity, spending levels, regulatory decisions, rate review timing, economic conditions, financing plans, et cetera. And we’ll continue to take actions prospectively as we have in the past to deliver on our commitments.
Marty Lyons: Warner, I think that was – it was a great response. And I think one of the things, Paul, to look at is, especially on Slide 8, I mean, over time, we have allocated more growth capital to the places where we’ve had the more robust ROEs. And as Warner said, we do have robust pipelines of infrastructure investment opportunities in all of our jurisdictions. So without giving any specifics as to what we might unveil in February, certainly, we’ve carefully allocated capital over time based upon ROEs and quality of regulatory frameworks. The other thing I just mentioned, this gets a little bit back to Alex’s question, as well as yours too, Paul. I mean in each one of our jurisdictions, we’ll continue to work to earn as close to our allowed returns as we can. Alex was specifically asking about Missouri overcoming some of this decline in the performance incentives. And I would just note as I reflect on her question as it relates to Missouri in each one of our jurisdictions and earning the allowed, certainly, we’re going to exercise disciplined financial management, both capital allocation as well as O&M controls, as well to work to earn as close to those allowed as we can as we deploy that growth capital.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Kevin, this is Marty. Look, it goes back to the statement I made earlier. The guidance range we gave that 6% to 8%, it’s about a $0.40 range. If you look at where our treasury rates were at the beginning of the year, about 3.1%. We gave guidance and now about 2.4%. It’s about a $0.05 delta. So that is not going to move you outside the range and, frankly, not move you all that far off the midpoint. And as I said earlier, we have a lot of tools in our toolkit as well as actions that we can take to offset a $0.05 decline. So look, I mean, we just talked about the robust pipeline we have in all of our jurisdictions. So we do believe we have a robust pipeline in transmission as well as Missouri, Illinois Gas, Illinois Electric delivery, really across the board, and it’s a major tool that we have in our toolkit. But as I said, over time, that range we have out there accommodates a lot of variables, and we expect to continue to allocate capital wisely. We expect to exercise disciplined management with respect to our costs with a real eye towards affordability for our customers. And we talked here today about making sure that we do the right things regulatorily, legislatively to make sure we deliver on our commitments.
Marty Lyons: Well, as I outlined, we’re at 3.1% at the beginning of the year, we’re at 2.4% today. That’s about a nickel.
