Warner Baxter: Yes, thanks Julien. So a couple of things, number one, yes, with regard to the two projects that we have, the 400 megawatt project and the 300 megawatt project we have the final interconnection costs done. And that the case with the EDF that was only in the second stage so now those other two are done. So now keep in mind for the 400 megawatt project, we have the CCN already and so a well positioned that can move forward on that. We still have to get the interconnection agreement, but we expect that by the fall. And so we don't see any major issues with that. With the 300 megawatt project, as you heard me say, we’re real pleased to get a non-unanimous stipulation with the Missouri Public Service Commission staff.  And so we're well positioned to have that the review by the Missouri Public Service Commission and we look forward to having that in, hopefully a decision by October. So as I step back and look where we're at with the 700 megawatts that we have in place, I think we're very well positioned to get the necessary regulatory approvals and to begin construction in those projects and to get them all in service by the end of 2020.
Warner Baxter: Yes, so good question Julien. So look, the bottom line is, is that with the 700 megawatts now that we've announced, we are in compliance with the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard. So we're well positioned and in fact that's consistent with what we've said at the outset of these conversation and consistent with our integrated resource plan. But like I also said, we continue to look at renewable energy investment opportunities and now I mentioned that the Renewable Choice program certainly will file an updated integrated resource plan next year. So we're not done taking entire renewable energy projects is my message. But with regard to the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard, we will be in compliance with these two projects that we plan on executing next year.
Warner Baxter: Look, this is why I sit here today obviously with regard to the other project. I can't speak to the other projects, I can speak to ours. And as I said a moment ago, all the two projects that we got across the finish line, they were in line with what our estimates were. We certainly don't have visibility to all the projects that are going on in the system. That's certainly something that MISO has the visibility. But what I will say when you talk about broader transmission, you think about all the interconnection agreements and all the things going on here. I do continue to say and believe that when you look to the long-term that there is an opportunity for us as a system in MISO to look at multi-value projects to try and address the transmission matters issues that we see today and the continued desire to put more renewable energy generation on our system. So this is an area of focus as Shawn Schukar and all of our team are working with MISO and many others to be thinking about. We have to get through these interconnection agreements today, but we need to be speaking about those multi-value projects down the road because that's what's going to enhance our overall system prospectively.
Warner Baxter: So I'm going to let Michael Moehn talk about this exciting project. And so Michael, I know this is part of your Smart Energy plan, so why don’t you talk a little bit about the benefits that he's going to bring to customers.
Warner Baxter: So Insoo, you also had a question in there as to whether this was incremental to our existing plan. They are not incremental. They have been part of our five year plan, part of the smart energy plan. We mentioned these projects as part of our comments because these are innovative technology projects that we're doing on behalf of our customers and certainly have part of the renewable energy space as well.
Warner Baxter: Sure. Thanks Greg. This is Warner. So look, I think we've been clear and we'll continue to be clear that our focus has been and will continue to be on passing the grid modernization legislation that supports the extension of formula rates to the 2032. You heard me talk on the call about the significant benefits that it's brought to Illinois in terms of investment, reliability, jobs and still affordable. And so we think, and this is why this has been extended twice and it's why it's received such favorable votes in the committees, in both the Senate and the house. And we're hoping that the legislature takes it up because we think it would be a good thing for the state of Illinois for many years to come. So that's going to continue to be our primary focus. There's no doubt that there are several other legislative proposals being looked at in the state of Illinois. Very, comprehensive, very complex and so the only thing I can say is that Richard Mark and his team are at the table speaking with all these stakeholders trying to sort through all the details, including Vistra's proposal. So it would be premature for me to speculate just exactly where those proposals are, all the pros and the cons. The only thing I can tell you is that they're complicated, they're complex. They're big bills and that, doesn't mean that they won't be considered either in the veto session or next year. The only thing, rest assured we're at the table.
Warner Baxter: So, Michael, why don't you talk a little bit about this innovative project that we're doing in Missouri and then we can talk a little bit more. Shawn, you can weigh in on some of the things on the transmission side.
Warner Baxter: Yes. So look at the bottom line is energy storage is something that we as a company look very carefully at per variety of different reasons. And, and we're pleased that we're – we'll look forward to having a conversation with the stake holders in Missouri on this Missouri project and we're going to continue to kick the tires on energy storage is probably, because this is, as I think we all know the costs continue to come down. There are various applications and so we'll continue to put our innovative efforts forward to see if we can actually do some of these projects for the benefit of our customers.
Warner Baxter: Neil I'll just add to this and you broke up a little bit at the front-end. Of course, the renewable choice program though is different. That would be outside of, that's a separate program that's been approved by Missouri Public Service Commission. And we already talked about that in the past, so just want to clarify that.
Michael Moehn: Perfect. Thanks, Warner. Good morning. Yes, so really these three projects that Warner referred to these battery plus storage facilities, there's three projects across the Missouri footprint. And they really are focused primarily on reliability enhancement. So we are making these investments in lieu of investments that we would need to make in sub stations, et cetera, to enhance the reliability on that system. There will be some environmental benefits associated with them. They have some renewable energy credits that come as part of the solar project. So, I mean they – we will account for those, but they really are being driven by economics and reliability thing. We're excited about them, so hopefully more to come there. But as Warner said, we're going to be filing those CCN very, very soon for those two projects.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Again, these are, exclusively focused on the distribution side. So, again, looked and found places within our system that we need to make some reliability enhancements and combining these two projects together to make those reliability improvements in lieu of traditional sort of substation investments. My sense is, and Sean can comment on this, with respect whether those kind of applications are available on the transmission side as well.
Michael Moehn: Good Morning Neil. It's Michael Moehn, I’ll answer that question. Yes, I think as Warner stated earlier, I mean as we think about the future and think about future opportunities, it's really going to be part of that integrated resource planning process that we have here in the state of Missouri. And so those renewable opportunities will be, considered in the context of that again, we are complying with the Missouri renewable standard with the 700 megawatts and the $1.2 billion investment today. So future investments are really going to be contemplated in the IRP.
Marty Lyons: So yes, I think just one important note on that 15% requirement that we have as part of the Missouri Renewable Standard, there is a 2% requirement for solar as well 2% of that 15%. So these will go to satisfy some of that as well.
Marty Lyons: Sure, Ali. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Overall, I have to say our financing plans haven't really changed from what we communicated to you and others on the February call and then again on the May call. On the February call, you recall that, we laid out our $13.3 billion five-year capital expenditure plan that included about, at that time $1 billion for wind, today as you heard on the call, it looks like $1.2 billion of wind. And as you also heard, we do feel confident about those projects. We said at that time, of course, and we reiterated May, I should say that our financing plan included equity issuances under our DRIP and our employee benefit plans about a $100 million a year and the issuance of common equity to fund a portion of Ameren Missouri’s wind acquisitions. We believe those two sources of equity, Ali, will allow us to fund the capital expenditure plan while maintaining approximately the same capitalization levels we have currently and our current credit ratings, which as you know, we've worked hard to achieve. So sifting through all that and answer your question, I would say that other than the DRIP and employee benefit plan issuances and with respect to our current capital expenditure plans, we have no plan to equity – external equities other than for these wind projects, which are expected to close next year in the fourth quarter of 2020. So with respect to your question about options, we do have options in terms of accessing the equity markets. We're clearly aware of the ways our peer utilities have approached the equity markets. We're monitoring market conditions and ultimately we'll move forward in the manner that we think is most appropriate given the funding needs. So I think that's what we've got to say on it, I don't think I'll comment beyond that but we recognized the options that we have before us.
Marty Lyons: Look, we've laid out the financing plans that we have. I think you're aware of the credit ratings that we have overall and where the thresholds are. We've talked about that on prior calls, Moody's, we have a BBB+ and FFO to debt threshold of 13%. At Moody's, Baa1, the threshold is a little bit higher there with a CFO pre-working capital to debt of 17%. And so a little bit – I can say, less cushion there with respect to the Moody's rating. So we're conscious of that. We watch where the credit metrics are. We like those credit ratings, we'd like to hold those credit ratings. And we think about other factors, maintaining a strong balance sheet, positioning these various investments like the wind for success in the regulatory environments. And ultimately, all of that led us to the conclusions that we reached and communicated earlier this year. And as I just repeated that, overall we want to keep our capitalization levels approximately where they're at today at all of our legal entities. And we do plan to fund a portion of these wind investments with equity and we think that's the right balance overall.
Marty Lyons: This is Marty and I'll start off in case others want to jump in, but I would say that, traditionally we update our long-term capital expenditure plans in February, on our year end call. As we noted on this call, we put out a $13.3 billion plan this past February. That included $1 billion for wind now we stand at $1.2 billion. So, logically we'd include that in February. And then with respect to further grid modernization, we'll continue to assess that. Last year when we rolled forward our five year plan, we updated our capital expenditures across the board, notably in Missouri, increased our capital expenditure plan excluding the wind about $1.5 billion versus the prior five year plan. So we've incorporated a considerable amount of incremental, infrastructure spending, in that plan. But you're absolutely right in terms of that $1.5 billion, that was only a percentage, a fraction of the overall, potential incremental capital expenditure that we can make, at Ameren Missouri over time. So I don't want to speculate today on what we may or may not add next February, but clearly we have a very large infrastructure, investment pipeline and some great projects incremental to those that we've already put in the current five year plan, incremental projects that we think would bring great value to our customers.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Greg, this is Marty. Hey, thanks for the question. I don't know that I have a way to really, scale it, our objective and walking through those piece of mechanics was really just to help you and investors understand some of the nuances of the accounting rate making, because we still do receive a number of questions about it in the context of the need for this current rate review and the next one to incorporate the wins. So, look bottom line is, as you know this piece is really been a big step forward for us in terms of improving the Missouri regulatory framework for infrastructure investment. We've significantly increased our ongoing and planned investment, so it's really terrific. It's really, I guess to say again, there's a small amount of lag in terms of the rate making. That's for the 15% that doesn't get PISA deferrals. And then we have this delayed recognition of equity earnings due to the accounting for the piece of deferrals and that needs to be understood. Today we're booking those, debt returns at about a 5% rate. So, that may help you in terms of some of your modeling, and as we stated, we're going to continue to manage the business in terms of cost management, and regulatory rate reviews to earn as close to the allowed returns as possible. While as I said earlier, being mindful of operating and business needs. So, I think Greg, those are the components that we wanted to communicate and lay out and hopefully you can use that to help with your modeling.
