Marty Lyons: Yes sure Julien, this is Marty, and obviously a number of questions there. I think as that relates to energy efficiency you got to keep in mind that some of what we’ve quantified is year-over-year comparative impacts from last year to this year. So when we think about that you got to remember that the construct of the energy efficiency plan in Missouri from 2013 through 2015 was different than the one we’ve got now and last year we were being compensated for some of the efforts associated with energy efficiency and being compensated not only for the current year effects in 2015 but some of the carryover effects to 2016. And so that’s creating a bit of a year-over-year comparison and that’s why we’ve noted some of those effects this year. In terms of the sales trends what we’re seeing we mentioned this on the call year-to-date on a consolidated basis residential and commercial sales were roughly flat. Frankly they’re up a little bit in Missouri and down a little bit in Illinois. Then industrial sales overall were down about 4% with Missouri down about 0.5% and Illinois down more significantly. When you actually exclude the impacts of energy efficiency in Missouri we would actually see overall sales instead of being flat. Overall sales we see up about a 1.5%. On the residential we think they’d be up about 1.3%, commercial maybe up 2% and industrial while they’re down on a reported basis maybe up 0.5% excluding energy efficiency. So we do see those programs as having an effect both the programs we put in place last year are having a carryover effect to this year, but also the current year programs that we’ve now put into place. So they are having an impact but overall sales are about where we thought. We said they -- we thought they’d be about flattish because of the effects of energy efficiency and that’s about where they are. I think economically unemployment is running pretty good in Missouri frankly I think you probably saw nationally the unemployment was about 4.9% now for the past couple of months. What we’re seeing in Missouri is it's actually running a little bit below that, closer to 4%. While unfortunately on the Illinois side, where we’re seeing some of the industrial sales declines, seeing unemployment a little bit higher over there about 6% but overall I think the economies are remaining stable. We’re seeing a little bit of growth I’d say in Missouri especially when you strip out energy efficiency. And then in Illinois while the industrial sales are down we’re still seeing some growth in terms of residential and commercial demand, which we see as a positive.
Marty Lyons: Yes, sure I understand the question. I think that, as you would think about the 5% to 8% growth overtime as we’ve said repeatedly that is really anchored by the 6.5% compound annual rate base growth. And so that really is the foundation and then when you think about whether we would be above that or below that from an earnings per share growth perspective, certainly changes in treasury rates or earned ROEs, sales growth levels, spending levels, regulatory decisions, all of those things can push you up or down within that range. And look it’s a five year outlook going out to 2020, so a number of things can happen over that time and that's why we have sort of a $0.40 range when you look out to 2020. As it relates to the current impact of 30 year treasuries as we mentioned on the call, we have booked to a lower treasury yield than we expected at the beginning of the year. The beginning of the year we had expected treasury yields to be around 3.2, what we've booked to as of the end of June is an average rate for the year of about 2.65 and of course the current 30 year treasuries are sitting at 2.25. So, that has caused us to change our outlook for this year. We've baked that into our guidance range for this year. I'd remind you that 50 basis points move in ROEs in the Ameren Illinois delivery business about $0.025. That gives you a sensitivity but we've baked that into our current year guidance, we feel very good about the guidance, we were able to raise it $0.05 as you know this year which is a position, it's net of the impacts of those changes in 30 year treasuries. And as it relates to our long-term guidance we obviously update our overall thoughts about how we're going to manage our business going forward on an annual basis but right now I feel very good about that 6.5% rate base growth and that 5% to 8% compound annual EPS growth that we've projected.
Marty Lyons: Yes thanks Warner. On the pension and OPEB which was a good question Julien, I know that's impacting some folks with the lower discount rates that are expected but we have trackers in Missouri for both pension and OPEB and then in Illinois for our energy deliver business as well as in our FERC transmission business, you have formulaic rates, so we're largely protected from those declines that are happening in terms of the discount rate. In the Illinois gas business obviously we have forecasted test years and depending on the timing of those filings there can be some impact there, but largely insulated from the impacts of the changes in discount rates and any kind of asset performance changes.
Marty Lyons: Michael this is Marty and as you've seen in our slides we have about an $11 billion expenditure plan over the next five years. It's something that we believe given the strength of our balance sheet today. We can finance solely with debt and maintain a very strong balance sheet and maintain very strong credit metrics relative to the ratings that we have today. And then as we think about the expenditures, obviously we’ve got those in each of the subsidiaries. We do financing independently at each one of the subsidiaries. So we have obviously we issued long-term debt at Ameren Illinois and Missouri and then as we just spoke about on our prior Q&A as it relates to the ATXI transmission business then we are using parent company leverage to be able to adapt, to be able to fund those investments at ATXI. And at some point may very well be able to do financing either at ATXI or some sort of intermediate holding company. But that’s overall our plan and our goal is with each one of our utility subsidiaries to maintain very strong overall balance sheets there as well. So, that’s how we’re balancing things out and again we do believe we’ll be able to finance this capital expenditure plan with that over the coming five year period.
Warner Baxter: And I think if you look back at our beginning of the year guidance and then walk through our first quarter and now second quarter disclosures you can piece some of these things together and you've got some of those. I think as it relates to starting with our guidance at the beginning of the year and thinking about how it moved. W had an $0.08 or so pickup from the adoption of the new accounting standard in the first quarter which was a positive. At that same time we also had a couple of additional cents of decline due to this Noranda outage we started the year thinking it was going to be a $0.13 impact and we're at about $0.15 impact. We also had as you mentioned we have now had a little bit of lowered expectation in terms of the treasury rates and again that like you said that has impacted us by $0.02 or $0.03 there as well, so those are some of the impacts of it that we had. Now in the first quarter we also had negative weather it was it about $0.05 negative in the first quarter as mentioned on the call we had positive weather here in the second quarter which more than offset and we're about a penny positive now for weather year-to-date. So when you look at that, you look at that where we are at the end of six months you have got that tax gain that we experienced in the first quarter, you get about a penny of positive weather. And we've had some offsets due to the decline in the treasuries and then this temporary impact of the Noranda outage that we're experiencing this year. So those are some of the things that were pluses and minuses versus our original expectations and why we were positioned then with the backdrop of solid operations and very solid execution of our strategy and our plan for this year that we're able to raise the guidance by $0.05.
Warner Baxter: Yes, that’s a, you correctly described it, I mean what we're doing today think of it as the most, has been the most efficient way to do it as we've been financing the transmission growth at our ATXI business through financing at the parent which we've got both some short-term and long-term financing in place there at the parent that supports the investments we've been making at ATXI. Obviously as that short-term debt grows the parent will consider when it might be appropriate to term some of that out. I don't expect that to be this year, but in perspective periods we very well might consider that and to the extent that we believe it’s more efficient at that point to do it, at an entity other Ameren Corp., at either ATXI or a holding company level, we'll evaluate that going forward. But as we approach that decision, whether that would be next year or in some period beyond we'll certainly be happy to discuss our thinking at that time about why we're proceeding.
Warner Baxter: Yes in the Missouri filing that we filed as we mentioned on the call, you have a equity content in the cap structure of 51.8% and that is the cap structure of the utility subsidiary Ameren Missouri.
Warner Baxter: That is correct that’s absolutely correct. And I think one thing too to keep in mind longer term overtime we’ll be able to monetize some of the tax assets that we have up at the parent. We’ve got quite a bit of tax assets built up overall, about 760 million but about 460 million or so of that is really at the parent company and something that overtime we’ll be able to monetize as well.
Warner Baxter: Yes, really expect it to be monetized just over the course of business. As we go through time, what'll happen is that as we have taxable earnings and we have taxes due, what'll happen overtime is that the utilities will burn off their tax assets the utilities will then pay taxes up to the parent. The parent will be able to monetize the sort of kind of this tax shield of the 460 million that I spoke about. And then ultimately once that's burned through Ameren Corp. becomes a tax payor which is out in the 20-21 timeframe is when we project today.
Warner Baxter: We'll have Maureen Borkowski who oversees our transmission operations she will be able to give you some input on that.
Warner Baxter: Steve, this is Warner, so let me comment squarely on this. Our focus is on the strategic plan we laid out right at the outset. And that focus as you can see is on the organic growth in our business which is driven by robust rate base growth which we believe is going to deliver solid earnings per share growth. And we have obviously talked about the dividend that goes along with it, it is going to deliver what we think is superior total shareholder return. As you said we do believe the industry will continue to consolidate and certainly in the past we have obviously participated in some level of consolidation and so the bottom-line is we're focused on our organic growth plan, we're attentive to what’s going on in the industry and we'll simply just continue to execute, execute, execute, period.
