Marty Lyons: Well, Shar, you’ve outlined a number of the considerations. I mean, first of all, we’re all just still absorbing the rules. And so our teams are studying the new rules thoroughly and will be over the coming weeks, really trying to assess what the potential impacts are on our IRP. And certainly, that could mean, as you know, a revision to the IRP. But of course, too, we’ll expect these rules to likely be litigated, and so we’ll have to take into account that litigation and the uncertainties that it creates. In my prepared remarks, I noted a couple of the more notable concerns that we have. The first being that the rules do really rely on carbon capture and sequestration, which I think we all recognize is it really ready for prime time today. And the things that would impact we have, as you know, in our IRP planned combined cycle facility, 1,200 megawatts plan for the 2032, 2033 time frame, which is really important from a reliability perspective as we expect to retire our Sioux power plant, our coal-fired power plant in that 2032 time frame. And certainly, new combined cycle that would operate with greater than a 40% capacity factor, which we would expect this one to – would be impacted by that carbon capture and sequestration. So that certainly has significant implications as it relates to that planned combined cycle facility. And we’ll have to reassess and thinking through that. The other one I mentioned is our Labadie Energy Center, that plant is scheduled to retire really in phases with about half of it in 2036 and the other half of it 2042. So the rule would have implications for the ultimate retirement date, pulling that forward a little bit. But in order to be able to maintain the life of that facility out through 2039. The rules require co-firing with natural gas in the 2030 time frame. And of course, trying to get things permitted and constructed in that amount of time, certainly proposes challenges as well. And so I highlighted those in my prepared remarks today. So at the end of the day, Shar, I think as we look at these rules, we do have concerns about the feasibility and ultimately the reliability of our system. Those were our primary concerns. But you’re absolutely right. As we think about these rules, it certainly could cause revisions to the IRP and on balance, suggest a greater level of investment that would be required to maintain reliability of our system over the next 10 years.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Jeremy, you got it. I think that as we sit here today, the legislation that is most likely to get across the finish line, is that a piece of legislation. And so as you know, and I’m sure you’ve been following House Bill 1746 and Senate Bills 740 and 1422. I would say, at this point in session, they’re probably as well positioned as you could be for Passage Senate Bill 1422 and Senate Bill 740. They’re on the Senate informal calendar that could be brought up at any time and House Bill 1746, which passed out of the house with a very strong supportive vote of 119-17 is also now passed through the Senate Commerce Committee. It’s listed as #1 on House Bills for third reading. So things are well positioned. The challenge that I highlighted in the prepared remarks, however, is the time is short. The legislative session ends in two weeks on 17, and the legislature does have some significant things to get done, including the budget. So that’s really the concern is just whether time will run short. But in the meantime, we’ll continue to work with key stakeholders towards passage if we have a window to get it done.
Marty Lyons: Yes, really, Jeremy, to add at this point. I mean, in terms of legislative initiatives, nothing to point to, of course, this year, both in Missouri and Illinois. We have supported a right of first refusal legislation in both states. In either states do we see those as moving forward at this time but continue to advocate for the benefit of those for our customers and for the reliability of the grid broadly but nothing to tack on right now.
Marty Lyons: Yes, you’re talking about which one were you asking about? Were you asking about NSR case, Carly? Yes. I think, you were. Listen, as it relates to the NSR, as we outlined in our slide prepared remarks, we’ve proposed a program set up a value of about $20 million and the Department of Justice is outlined a series of programs that they’ve estimated at $120 million. And when you look at the components of the two programs that are very similar in terms of electric school buses, air filtration programs, charging infrastructure, so very similar. So it really is seemingly not a matter of the program mix. But sort of the extent of them and the cost of them. So we can’t predict what mitigation the court would ultimately order. We would generally expect though, that the positions I just talked about that the parties have and the proposed orders that sort of just book ends for the degree of mitigation relief that was either ultimately reached through a settlement between ourselves and the Department of Justice for a court order. But really can’t speculate further at this point.
Marty Lyons: Well, Paul, it’s Marty. I think you hit on a number of the considerations. And I’ll go back to what I said before. It’s early days. We just got in the rules. We’re going to go through a thorough assessment of the rules and reassessment of the IRP. And again, you’ve got the likelihood of litigation, which will have to be factored in as well to our considerations. But I think when you look at the steps we’re taking between now and 2030 as we currently have outlined, I think the EPA rules underscore the importance of these. We’ve got 2,800 megawatts of renewables planned by 2030. We got 400 megawatts of battery storage planned between now and 2030. We’ve got 800 megawatts of simple-cycle generation plan between now and 2030. And I think given these rules, certainly, it underscores the importance of all of those things. I think the broader implications that are down the line. I think with respect to the retirement of the Sioux Energy Center that we have plan for 2032 generally in line with the rules. The Labadie Energy Center, I mentioned earlier, half of it retired in 2036, half of it 2042, again, if that need to be retired by 2039, maybe a little bit of a change in depreciation there recovery. But I think the bigger thing for Labadie then would be getting gas into Labadie and the ability to be able to co-fire with natural gas so that we’ve got that. And then I think when you think about that combined cycle facility and again, first of all, the feasibility of doing carbon capture much less of the cost of doing carbon capture, you really have to reassess that, that plan in light of these rules. But you’re right, what it might mean otherwise is more simple cycle gas fired generation, more battery, storage technology, more renewables. Because, again, anything if you’re going to operate a combined cycle over 40% capacity factor, it calls for carbon capture. So that – but those are – I think you’ve got your sort of finger on the things that you have to consider, which is what would be an alternative mix of renewables and dispatchable resources that can maintain reliability for the system.
Marty Lyons: Nick, it’s a great question. And I think, ultimately, wherever this settles, it really is a one-time item, it is non-recurring. Given the size of it today, we didn’t think it appropriate to sort of carve it out. And as we talked about on our call, we’d look to overcome the cost of that with respect to ongoing operations savings. However, again, as I outlined, the $20 million we proposed and the $120 million of the DOJ propose probably bookends as we think about settlement and an ultimate potential court order here. But like I would agree with you that ultimately, whatever this cost is non-recurring in one-time and won’t be something that affects ongoing operations or earnings.
Marty Lyons: Yes. David, this is Marty. I’ll tell you, well, first of all, the map is encouraging as we shared. And I think if you look at our Slide 11 that we provided, you’ll see substantial proposed additional lines, both in our service territory and in Central Illinois as well as in the Eastern half of Missouri. And so that’s certainly exciting to see. We’re excited that the overall project portfolio was about twice the size of Tranche 1. You – everybody else, I’m sure recalls Tranche show 1 was about a $10 billion portfolio. We ended up having about 25% of that, as we talked about on the call and we were happy to be awarded some directly. We’re very proud to have won all three of the competitive projects that were in our service territory. So we certainly feel good about the way Tranche 1 turned out. It’s too soon to really say what level of investments would be in our service territory from Tranche 2 for really a couple of reasons. One, I would say that the – while we’re excited about these projects that were in our service territory, as you well know, right now, the MISO is going through a process of getting input from stakeholders regarding these proposed projects. And we do expect that as MISO considers the input from various stakeholders that these project plans will be modified. So it’s premature there, number one. Number two, when MISO put out these Tranche 2, they really didn’t assign while they came up with an overall portfolio investment of $17 billion to $23 billion, it really didn’t put any particular quantification of investment value on any particular substations or lines, et cetera. So really premature to even say how much these investment opportunities would be that are shown on this map. So for a couple of reasons, I think it’s premature to say how much of this would be in our service territory. And ultimately, how much would be brownfield or greenfield. So – but I think we will start to see iterations of this through time, and we’re excited that MISO seems to be very much targeting an approval of the Tranche 2 portfolio by mid-September. And so – and it should be pretty exciting over the next few months as we see how this unfolds.
Marty Lyons: Great. Well, hey, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We invite you to attend our Annual Shareholder Meeting, which is next week on May 9. And then Michael and Andrew, look forward to seeing many of you at the AGA Financial Forum in a couple of weeks. With that, thanks, and have a great day and a great weekend.
Michael Moehn: Hey. Shar, it’s Michael. Good morning. A couple of things. I mean, as you noted, I mean, obviously, Zone 5, we’ve moved to this new seasonal construct, we did see quite a bit of variability. You had $30 in the summer and $0.75 in the winter and then CONE in the fall and the spring, at 719. So as you note, I mean, this is a capacity issue. It’s not an energy issue. And so I think it’s always important to start with that. We expect to have obviously enough energy available for customers we don’t foresee any issues with respect to providing reliable service, which I think is important. Also from a customer impact standpoint, we really don’t see any material, if any impact to customers as well. And it gets a little complicated. I mean the MISO model is a revenue neutral model and so it will be some shifting that goes on. We have Missouri owns generation in Zone 4, we’re able to point to those as hedges, and so it helps offset all that. But I think when you step back, I mean, it is right trying to send a price signal with respect to meeting additional dispatchable generation that you just spoke about. I mean, there were a couple of things I noted in my prepared remarks. I mean it was due to increased load. There were some accreditation issues with respect to some generation. They got dinged for some past performance. That should go away over the next couple of years. And then there was a reduction in import capabilities. And also, I think there’s probably some transmission opportunities there that would relieve that. So I think, again, it does speak to what we’re trying to do from a dispatchable perspective. And I think, Shar, there’s a way to work around this and see some relief over the next couple of years.
Michael Moehn: Hey, Jeremy, it’s Michael. Good morning. Maybe I’ll handle the regulatory if Marty wants to come on the legislative one, you can certainly do that. I think – but things are continuing to move along there. I think we mentioned this in our prepared remarks, I mean, from a rehearing process, feel good about where we stand today. Again, just really proud of the work the team has done. [Indiscernible] has been working really hard going through a number of public hearings, a number of workshops, et cetera, just getting this prepared. And I think you’re seeing that producing results here as we kind of work through this rehearing process. And so we should have a decision here in early – sometime in June with a great effective in July, and this will be an interim adjustment. And then obviously, we’ll have the more comprehensive multiyear rate plan, grid plan piece in the back half of the year. It’s great to have a procedural schedule around that, have some finality around this in the December time frame with rates in January. With respect to the rehearing piece, the differences between us and staff are fairly minimal at this point. As we indicated, we were at 305, and it sits at 283 today. It really comes down to 2 issues there. The OpEx issue that we’ve spoken about in the past. We still are continuing to advocate for that. We think it’s the right thing. I think our range accommodates that if it goes in a different direction. And then there were some projects that were really deferred into the grid plan itself. And so we’ll have another opportunity to advocate for those. So again, we feel as good as you can feel at this point in time. And team is focused on it and getting some stability put back in that process.
Michael Moehn: Hey, good morning, Carly. This is Michael. With the second part first, no, I think at this point, the expectation is kind of a little on that time frame and should have a decision here in July. In terms of sort of what’s embedded, that 305 is obviously over that four-year period. And so there’s a component, you can see that we have broken out for 2024. Again, feel good about what we have embedded in there and just sort of where the positions are. To the extent that something ended up changing that would have to just step back and look at it from a rate base perspective to the extent that it’s capital again, I mean, you’re earning 8.72%. So I mean that obviously minimizes the impact and we just have to see what our options are. I mean we do have flexibility with some additional capital there. But really just looking to see the process move along and feel better about the framework first.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Hey Nick, it’s Michael here. Good Friday to you. Yes, look, I mean, we obviously reiterated our range of $450 million to $472 million really focused on the mid-point of that range. The team is completely aligned on flexing what we need to flex here from an O&M perspective. We talked about a number of programs. I think the first part of the year that we put in place with respect to some hiring freezes looking at discretionary spending and looking at contractors, travel, all those kinds of things. And again, those programs are fully ramped up at this point and feeling good about it. We have a long history of this. You’ve heard us talk about this. I mean we’ve been doing a number of things really from an automation and technology investment perspective. We’ve now fully deployed AMI [ph] and we feel we have distribution automation. We’ve done a great deal of stuff from the back office perspective in terms of accounting systems, HR systems, all of those are driving productivity improvements and we’re taking full advantage of. And I was sort of reflecting on the situation and thinking about 2020, that terrible COVID year, we only lost 15% of sales within about a week, and the team came together and really looked for tens of millions of dollars worth of opportunities that will really flex and continue to end up hitting our guidance for that year. I don’t see this as any different. We’ll continue to look for these opportunities. And ultimately, we’re going to make the decisions right for the long-term at the end of the day, but we do have the ability to flex out as we not as needed.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Hey, good morning, David. I’ll start here. And certainly, Marty, I’ll probably chime in as well. But I mean, I think we have a strong value proposition, right, when it comes to serving both data centers and manufacturers. I mean, we’ve talked about this. We start from a really strong position just in terms of where our rates are, both on the Midwest and national average went well below. We presented a number of sites in both states that can ramp up quickly, sewer water transmission capabilities, et cetera. I’ve never seen state local regional leaders work together as they are right now, really trying to come together on a combined effort, offer various incentives to again, this is beyond just data centers, but manufacturers in general in terms of things around state and local we use taxes, development grants for workforce development, et cetera. We have a number of incentives in place here that are available to customers based on location and size. As we sit here today, Dave, we’ve executed a construction agreement for one data center and it’s got an estimated 250-megawatt lows. That’s sizable for us. We haven’t seen this kind of load growth in a really, really long time. We should be serving that customer by 2026. And I would say, we’re actively working 1,000-plus megawatts beyond that. And so these are all in different stages at this point, they’ll come online differently. But again, I think as we think about the IRP and just adding the renewables and the dispatchable generation that we’ve been adding in the last few years, I mean, this is exactly what we need. And again, all of these projects probably won’t come to fruition, but some of them are really, really moving along nicely. And beyond data centers, there’s just a tremendous amount happening in the manufacturing side as well. I mean, Boeing is the largest manufacturer here in the state of Missouri, started a $1.8 billion expansion here in Jefferson City is also doing a very large expansion, Illinois Wieland rolled products of $500 million expansion. I mean there are a number of projects here that continue – should continue to add to some significant growth. In terms of what that means from a capital perspective, obviously, it’s a net positive. I think we’re going to continue to step back and assess that. But it’s certainly great to see from an investment standpoint and certainly a customer affordability perspective, right? Because it’s going to make it obviously more affordable for all customers at the end of the day.
