Paul Patterson: Just weather-normalized sales growth. I was wondering if you could tell us where you are year-to-date. I remember you guys are being sort of flattish with your expectations. Just sort of if there's any update in not just the actuals but just the outlook for -- going forward longer term.
Paul Patterson: No, I'm here. I'm sorry. Just -- there was this an independent market monitor report from MISO that companies have been talking about in terms of potential impact on reliability and the reserve margin decrease. And rather -- I guess, under certain circumstances, rather sort of dramatic decrease, perhaps in reserve margin that has been discussed. And I was just thinking how you guys see that. I'm sure you guys have reviewed it. Obviously, for Illinois, the impact is a little bit different since you don't have generation. But just sort of how you see that in terms of Missouri and just any thoughts you have on that, and how that may or may not be in your rate base growth forecast right now, if you follow me, in terms of potential resolution of that or if you -- I don't know. Any comments you have on that I would be interested in.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But I mean, I guess, just wanted just a more general comment in terms of this potential -- rather remarkable reserve margin potential that, under certain circumstances, could theoretically show up. Obviously, you guys are -- feel reliability is important. It's not clear to me exactly where -- what service territory would be impacted or who would be deficient. But I'm just sort of wondering if there's any -- if you feel that there's any issue that requires sort of a more rapid response.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure, Paul. As it relates to the sales growth, I think as we came into this year, we talked about, I think, 0 to maybe even 0.5%, however, of growth as it related to residential and commercial sales. And as we sit here today, I'd say we're seeing sort of different conditions in Missouri and Illinois. We're actually seeing that nearly 0.5% sales growth in residential and commercial sales in Missouri despite, I would say, some spending that -- we've increased spending we've had this year in terms of energy efficiency. And we've also seen industrial sales growth in Missouri this year of about 0.7%. So overall, we're pleased, I'd say, with that level of growth. As I said, we are spending quite a bit on energy efficiency, which, I think longer term, will keep that sales growth more muted and down in that 0 to 0.5% range. Some positives, I'd say, we're seeing in Missouri. We have seen, this year, growth in jobs in both services jobs, as well as goods-producing kind of jobs, manufacturing jobs. And I think that's some of what's coming through in terms of improved sales. So we do expect continued moderate growth, but offset by continuing conservation and energy efficiency mitigating some of that sales growth. But year-to-date, happy with that. In Illinois, it's not been -- not quite as positive. We've seen that residential and commercial sales, actually flat to down, about 0.5%, with commercial, in fact, being down a little more than residential. In industrial sales, as we've talked about on prior calls, down about 6.6% this year. And that does reflect, I'd say, some of the conditions we've been seeing in Illinois. We have seen -- in terms of jobs, we have seen goods-producing jobs down, though I would say services jobs have been up in Illinois. But the conditions just don't seem to be as good with some of the industrial sales down. We've seen declines at places like Caterpillar and heavy equipment and some of the metals areas, steel, U.S. Steel, things like that. One important thing to remember though, Paul, about Illinois is that we do have the formula rates there, and there is a -- we got a formulaic ROE, but there's also a collar around that, plus or minus 50 basis points, which means that, at the end of the day, sales fluctuations, positive or negative, are bound by that, so at most, I'd say a $0.025 positive or negative from any kind of sales fluctuations, whether they be weather related or load related.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. I'll talk a little bit where -- about our -- where our rate base growth is. As you know, a lot of our rate base growth is really in transmission and we're also investing in the Modernization Action Plan in Illinois, as I discussed. And with respect to transmission, of course, the centerpiece of our investment is really in MISO multi-value projects where the benefit of those projects is region-wide, and therefore, the costs associated with those are spread region-wide and don't necessarily then impact our Illinois customer rates, but more rates and cost regionally, so those get spread. As it relates to the Modernization Action Plan, some of the investments we're making at Illinois, the Illinois -- bills of customers are being impacted at the same time as they are by the rollout of these investments, but also by following power prices that have taken place in MISO and have also been impacting customers' bills. So one of the things we're focused on as it relates to those Illinois bills is really working to keep rates, annual rate increases below, say, a 2.5% level and that's the focus there. And then in Missouri, you're right, energy efficiency is -- we're rolling out meaningful energy efficiency programs. I think it's a well-constructed program for Ameren Missouri and for the state, where certainly we're kept whole, if you will, for the energy efficiency efforts, but customers have the opportunity to benefit from those. And then we're also continuing, as we talked about on the call -- focused on disciplined cost control. And we're focused on lean efforts, really, across our Missouri operations and across the company to try to keep any rate increases minimized.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, as you know, Michael -- thanks again for joining us, by the way, and then -- and your comments at the outset. As it relates to the Missouri rate case, it's -- the filing of that rate case next year isn't solely a commentary on earned returns, but certainly, it's being driven by the things we talked about, making meaningful investments in the reactor head replacement, as well as in environmental controls for the Labadie plant. And clearly, under Missouri's current framework, which does use historical cost, what we need to do is we think about meaningful investments that will grow the rate base and being able to earn a fair return on those investments. We'll need to make a rate case filing at a timely way to make sure we recover those costs and again, position ourselves to earn fair returns. Those are really the drivers.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, it is a large portion there. Some of those costs -- you don't start those project necessarily in '14, so we've been certainly spending some, say, towards that reactor head already. But yes, I mean, they'll hit largely in '14 and again, be in service by the end of '14.
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, I'll see if Doug can dig that out. I don't have that here in front of me and don't know it off the top of my head.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Paul, this is Marty. As it relates to the Paducah facility and impact on Joppa, obviously, the Joppa facility is one that -- is part of the portfolio that we're looking to sell to Dynegy. In terms of the impacts of the Paducah facility closing on our earnings, I don't really have anything to report there. Overall, that -- the merchant business, this quarter versus last, performed well. Availability was solid. Capacity factors were solid at the plants. I think, as we all know, power prices were down a little bit, down some this year versus last. But we came into the year pretty well hedged. So overall, the unit continues to perform well. I can't really comment on how that facility closing would impact future years and certainly expect that, that plant to be part of the Dynegy IPH portfolio going forward.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, the amount that's implied in the fourth quarter guidance, Paul, really is within that 9.24%. So when we talk about the 9.24%, it's really what we're expecting to be the average over the course of -- over 2013. And as then we look at the blue chip consensus for next year, we see that going up to maybe 3.95% for the 30-year treasuries, which would put you at about 9.75%. In terms of the impact on the ROE, you can kind of do the math. What we've talked about is about 50 basis points is roughly $0.025, so depending upon what's your expectation, as you can kind of take a look at what the impact is.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. So there -- as we've discussed in the past, what the board looks at is a number of factors. But first of all, getting this deal closed with the sale of the merchant business, which, as we've talked about, we expect the benefit of that to be more stability and certainty in terms of earnings and cash flows going forward. So that's an important step. And then, looking at growth in the earnings and cash flows of the regulated businesses going forward, we've talked about a payout range target to be in the range of 55% to 70% of our regulated earnings. And today, we're at the upper end of that range with our $1.60 earnings. But as we do grow the earnings from the regulated business, and we believe we have a good plan to do so, and as we grow those earnings and cash flows, aspire to be able to then grow the dividend, and as that payout comes down into that range of 55% to 70% that I discussed.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, what the earnings reflect -- I guess, I'm trying -- not following in terms of what you mean by it doesn't reflect.
Martin J. Lyons: No, I think that the -- to the extent that the legislature clarified its views on the way the Illinois formula [indiscernible] we've actually formulated that into our 2013 earnings expectations. So it's our expectation that the Illinois Commerce Commission, as they rule on 2013 reconciliation, will, I guess, rule in line with the legislature's intent and financing this last piece of legislation. So that is reflected in our 2013 earnings. We haven't done anything in terms of going back in time and picking up any kind of benefit for prior years that may come through appeals of the commission's rulings for prior years. But we did impact -- we did update 2013 earnings for -- to reflect the provisions of that legislation.
Martin J. Lyons: No, really shouldn't be any lag. When you think about the formulaic rates going forward, there really shouldn't be any lag. The legislation, we believe, is pretty prescriptive in terms of the costs that are picked up. Earlier this year, we did lay out certain costs that were outside of the formulaic ratemaking that would continue to be a drag, but for continuing efforts to reduce those costs, and we laid some of those costs out and we also identified those ones which we expected to go away over time. And then as it relates to the gas portion of the Illinois business, we have filed a rate case as we discussed on the call with the 2014 forward test year. And that forward test year is intended to minimize lag and some underearnings that we're experiencing this year in the gas business. But with the updated rates reflecting the 2014 cost and investments, that will minimize the lag next year. And then we also have the ability, now with the legislation in the gas portion of the business, to update rates monthly for incremental investments in our infrastructure that are beyond those reflected in the forward test year. So that also will help going forward as we deploy capital in the gas portion of the business to make sure we have an opportunity to earn a fair return there. Then the other portion of the Illinois business is -- continues to be transmission, where we still have transmission, that's FERC-regulated transmission in the Ameren Illinois business and of course, we have formula rates there. And again, don't experience lag as it relates to the transmission business. So all in all, I would say, in Illinois, very little in terms of ongoing regulatory lag.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, all of your math is correct. So those are pieces of information provided. So then the midpoint is, as you pointed out, is $2.05, and our range is $2 to $2.10. I'd say, as we sit here today, we feel good about being maybe even a couple of cents into the top half of that range. So your $2.05 is a good starting point and you're right, we've had $0.07 of negative impact this year, one time from the FAC. And weather, one number -- you mentioned $0.03 weather. I think, year-to-date, it's probably $0.02 of negative weather, so it's -- you're probably talking about $0.09 there to add back, which you did appropriately. And you're absolutely right, we expect to reduce those parent company, other costs, which we estimate to be about $0.20 for this year, down to that range of $0.10 to $0.15 next year. So the things you're adding back are correct.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Paul, I think as it relates to the issue you're referring to, we've had a long-standing position. We do believe that within MISO, we do need to get beyond this sort of annual capacity construct that really more of -- multi-year, longer-term price signals are appropriate to incentivize investment and make sure that we do have good reserve margins within MISO. It really comes down to being important, we believe, from a reliability standpoint. So our positions on those factors haven't changed over time. In terms of our Missouri operations, we obviously operate a good strong portfolio of assets that are performing well. And as we think -- longer term, as you've seen in our 5-year investment plans right now, I don't have anything in there in terms of meaningful change in our generation mix. But as we think longer term, we certainly do have an aging fleet of generating units, and we'll monitor all conditions, capacity price conditions, and as well as the IRP process in Missouri, which as we have discussed before, I think it's late next year. We will file another IRP with the Missouri Public Service Commission and at that time, I think we'll lay out our thinking about the options we have around our portfolio long term.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, we don't. As it relates to Missouri, which, I guess, for your question, we don't see a deficiency in our Missouri resources. I mean, we do have adequate resources in our Missouri business to meet our Missouri load obligations. So we don't see anything there. I think the -- one of the things we said, Paul, honestly, is that, with the reserve margins today, we believe, are high within MISO. At what point we get to sort of critical conditions is uncertain. We've certainly looked at what's been put forward by the market monitor and the committees that have reported out to MISO. And certainly, those are valid concerns that are being raised. And so we do think it's important that MISO take action to -- with regard to its capacity construct and move, as I've said earlier, into having a multi-year capacity construct. But as it relates to Missouri, I certainly don't see any kind of condition of emergency or urgency as it relates to our resources there.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, we're obviously -- we're investing a lot in transmission. I don't know if it will lead to incremental transmission in the near term. But our concerns about the capacity market and the -- our continued belief that it's important, from a reliability standpoint, to have a multi-year capacity construct, does get to Illinois and making sure that in Illinois, where it is a deregulated market, that the right price signals are sent over time to incentivize investment in generation so that there are resources available as Illinois goes out to -- and customers in Illinois go out to procure the power and capacity that they need. So again, I'm -- Paul, I'm not, by any means, saying that there's an emergency situation necessarily. But I think the points that are being raised at MISO are the right points to debate and consider as we think about a capacity construct going forward and the need for reliability in Illinois and throughout MISO.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. We haven't really -- Bill, thanks for the question. We haven't really communicated, I'd say, a target. Our goal is, as we've said repeatedly, is to, in Missouri, for example, is to keep our earned returns very close, as close as we can, to our allowed returns and to really try to minimize that impacts of regulatory lag. And so as I said earlier, we continue to look for ways to streamline our operations to become more efficient. I mentioned our lean efforts, which, we believe, over time, will produce savings but really haven't communicated, I'd say, any specific targets or expectations. In Illinois, we continue to be focused on running efficient, lean operations there as well. Earlier, the question came up about customer bills, and we are investing and improving the infrastructure in Illinois for the benefit of our customers, it's creating jobs as well. But one of the things we are doing is continuing to work to be efficient in terms of our operations and maintenance spending as we roll out those investments to, again, minimize the overall impact on our customers' bills. So really, across the operations, we're looking to operate in a very disciplined way.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So there were -- I talked earlier in the year about as much as $30 million or so of costs that were G&A costs, if you will, that had been allocated over time to the merchant business. A significant amount of those are really direct costs, costs that we were incurring sort of at a parent level that were directly associated with the merchant businesses. So as we get to closure there, those costs -- those direct support costs will be eliminated. And then to the extent that there were other costs that were being allocated, we've had significant efforts underway over the past several months to identify ways to be able to eliminate those costs as well. And that progress -- that work has been going very smoothly and very well. So those targets that we talked about, getting $0.20 down to $0.10 to $0.15 next year, we feel very good about. And then as we look to '15, what we talked about on this call is getting those costs down even lower as those costs are reduced and rationalized. We get the full year benefit of the refinancing next year. And I've said before that we expect that we might be able to get those -- we'd be able to get those costs, not might -- we'd be able to get those costs down under $0.10 in the 2015 timeframe.
Martin J. Lyons: That's under consideration. We think that today, if you look at today's market, that you'll be able to refinance that 8.875% debt. Today, maybe at around the 2.5% kind of mark. So favorable conditions as we sit here today and big opportunity for interest savings. What amount of that we would do sort of on a longer-term versus a short-term refinancing is under consideration and we'll let you know when we've got a specific view on that. But we do have -- as you know, we have the full capacity under our credit facilities available to us today. We've got no borrowings under those. So we have the flexibility with respect to that $425 million to do some of that long term and some of that on a short-term basis as well.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Michael, that's true. I know that the accounting practices vary across the industry. But we do expense the full cost of the operations and maintenance expenses for the Callaway refueling in the period that, that outage occurs. So we had the full Callaway refuel expenses expensed earlier this year. So we did have a refueling in the spring of this year. The next one is, I sort of referred to earlier on the call, is in the fall of 2014. We certainly have significant capital expenditures at that time that I mentioned. We also have the refueling and maintenance outage, O&M costs that we will incur there at the end of 2014. And then 2015, we have no scheduled refueling and maintenance outage. So 2015 wouldn't have any refueling and maintenance outage costs in it.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So Michael, I think sitting here today, we're not giving out our 2014 guidance, and I'll give more specificity when we do along those -- along the Callaway outage. However, I don't believe that the 2014 O&M costs are expected to be materially different than the 2013 cost.
Martin J. Lyons: We'll try to dig that one out for you too, Michael. But as Doug said, it's in the -- we did disclose that in the...
