Martin Lyons: Right Paul. I understand. It’s Marty still. No, not in the near-term, these projects really design to help with compliance really when you get out into the 2015 timeframe so, in the near-term really no impact on operating earnings or cash flows as a result of decelerating the projects.
Martin Lyons: Well I guess that’s – it’s teasing to tell I guess whether the ultimate cost of the project will change but just to give you a sense, so with respect to the Newton Scrubber project through the end of 2011, we had invested about $100 million roughly in that project. As we said on the call this coming year as we decelerate the project, we do plan to take materials that have been built or material that have been commissioned a lot of those to be completed take those to the site, put them in a safe store condition. So we expect to incur about another $150 million this year in doing that. At that point we’ll be taking the capital expenditures down to more of the minimum levels that we described in the call and continued to monitor changes in power market conditions, capacity markets, changes environmental rules and the like. And certainly asses how we might absence reacceleration of that project go about complying with environmental rules out in that 2015 timeframe. But I think Paul when you look back to the guidance we gave last fall, I think the total project cost that was sort have embedded in the guidance was somewhere around $490 million for the Newton Scrubber project. If we move to reaccelerating it some point in the future, we’ll certainly provide an update on what we think the costs are that time to complete the project. We are estimating as we sit here today if we were to reaccelerate the project at some point in the future, it would probably take in the range of say 20 months to 24 months to complete the project.
Martin Lyons: Yeah Julien. This is Martin again. That’s a fair assessment. I think without the Newton Scrubbers being reaccelerate out in 2015 timeframe, it’s frankly, it’s really the Illinois multi-polluting standard that becomes the challenging standard for us to comply with. As you know out in that timeframe in our fleet wide SO2 emissions need to be reduced down in the 2015 timeframe. Between now and then, we really don’t expect that we would have any forced reductions in generation levels as a result of CSAPR or multi-polluting standard or other rules. When you get onto 2015, as it relates to MATS compliance, absent the Newton Scrubber we think we have other ways to comply activated carbon and precipitators, low sulfur coal and the like compliance there. And as it turns out with the CSAPR rules obviously they’re uncertain right now because they’ve been stayed. But based on the allowances that came out in the final rules, based on our decision to shutdown Meredosia and Hutsonville, the CSAPR rules really aren’t seen as a significant limitation either.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. That’s fare. We feel like, as we decelerate today that we’ve got some optionality for a while before what actually impact future general levels and in the meantime we can also look at how we might go about alternatively complying with some of those rules and again assess whether a reacceleration is appropriate.
Martin Lyons: I don’t know that there is anything notable to take note of in the – in that regard as you reconcile.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. I think so. I mean nothing has come into mind off hand. We’re certainly, as we mentioned in the call, we’re expecting positive free cash flow overall at the Merchant business. And I guess one think of note early in this first quarter we did sell one of our assets with Medina Valley co-gen facility, a fairly small facility. I think about $17 million and cash flow coming from that. So, that may factor into our net CapEx for this year, but other than that earnings should translate into cash flow.
Martin Lyons: Well, it’s really a little off each Julien, so the price dropped I guess from about $26.50 to $25.50. We did increase the amount of transportation that we have hedged. We also increased the amount of coal we have hedged and as you saw a little bit of fuel surcharge, so frankly all three of those things would have gone into the mix.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, we are little bit flank, but we think we can hear you okay. This is Marty.Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research and Management: Great. Hey, Marty. So I had a question on your cash flow going forward basically it sounds like that you have indicated that basically in 2012, you Merchant business would cash flow positive, and I think you have mentioned that you’re going to get the benefit of the money pool receivables there to kind of help you with that. So I’m kind of curious as to what that number is that that’s going to become from the Manipur receivables. But really more interested in 2013, when obviously you’ve kind of given where the current strip is and where prices are today, that Merchant business will burning, I’ll call it a $100 million plus of cash. So are you going to explicitly support that business going forward and you’ll kind of bridge that shortfall or like what’s the thinking in terms of actually helping with the casual situation post 2012.
Martin Lyons: Sure. So let me start with the 2012, so when we talked about the Merchant business overall being cash flow positive in 2012, I’m talking about Ameren Energy Resources overall, which has Genco subsidiary as well as the eight AERG subsidy area assets and overall that would be cash flow positive. And then as you point out we said Genco which is a subsidiary of the Merchant Segment would utilize some of its Manipur receivables. As of yearend, it had about $74 million of Manipur receivables. And we project some more in the neighborhood of around half of that might be utilized this year by Genco. As you look out in 2014 and beyond we certainly haven’t given any cash flow guidance. We have said before and we’ve repeated that and our goal is for the Merchant segment as well as for Genco to be able to support their cash flow needs. And we feel like the decisions we have made here with respect to decelerating the Newton Scrubber project and deferring the precipitator at Edwards are certainly very helpful to us in achieving that goal.Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research and Management: Got it. So maybe then the question really is – I mean at the end of the day I am kind of running my own math and I am sure you guys have your own projections, but maybe the right question then to ask is assuming that the business is cash flow negative in 2013. Then how would you think about the Merchant business at that point in time, like you know just help us kind of think through the various options.
Martin Lyons: No. I think within MISO at least within certainly our part of MISO gas prices being as low as they are we’re seeing maybe a little bit of gas fire generation coming into the mix. Certainly as we look ahead ourselves to this coming year, we’ve talked about having about 25 million megawatt hours that we’re going to generate. I think our coal-fired plants are going to produce about 26.5 million megawatt hours and maybe 0.5 million megawatt hours coming from our gas assets, so we’re expecting a little bit more contribution this year from our gas assets. Overall though within MISO, in our part of MISO, the low cost delivered PRB coal is still pretty competitive with the gas assets that exist in our part of the country. So, certainly will – with these low gas prices, there will be more gas generation, but I think to a lesser extent than you may be seeing in other parts of the country.Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research and Management: Okay. Thank you, guys. I appreciate the color.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. David, I think look we’ve been entering into those over all those periods of time, so some of the contracts date back to probably pre 2012. I don’t have the exact date, but other hedges that are embedded in that mix have been entered in 2010, 2011. We have been building that hedge block and that hedge piece up over time.
Martin Lyons: No, I didn’t, but, yeah, you did notice change. Frankly, we took it out. I mean capacity revenues as you can see from the revenue breakdown at this point are unfortunately only about 1% of our overall revenue. So breaking that out didn’t seem all that necessary at this point in time. Certainly as those capacity revenues improve over time. We certainly maybe break it out again. I mean I think it’s safe David to be thinking about $15 million to $30 million of capacity only kind of revenues over the next couple of years given current prices. As you can see it from the pie chart, the majority of the capacity that we fell is embedded in some of our four requirements contact. So the capacity only sales like, I said about, $15 million to $30 million, is probably a safe number to put in your model.
Martin Lyons: Good question. As you may you have picked up in our talking points, we – our stop in this year issuing shares for those programs, so you shouldn’t expect to see any dilution from those program this year. However, moving forward in time, we will assess that on a year-to-year basis as we look at our cash flow needs to in particular finance the regulated CapEx plans that we have. I think that to the extent that we can support these capital expenditures through reinvestment of earnings that we make in our regulated business we’ll certainly seek to do that, but also at all times thinking about maintaining sort of the financial strength that we have today. Certainly, we’d like to have the equity content and our cap structure somewhere between, I’d say 50% to 53% equity range. And so our goals as we move through time are to keep that equity content solid in their balance sheet, keep our credit profile strong and stable and fund these capital expenditures in a prudent way. Hopefully, you can see through time we are trying to be very careful and thoughtful about our allocation to capital and the returns we’re earnings on those capital investments.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, I mean it’s in the toolbox. It’s something that we could use to do. But as we’ve said repeatedly our goal is for the Merchant segment and for Genco to work to provide for their own cash need. So that remains our focus.
Martin Lyons: Michael, this is Marty again. I’ll try to take both of those questions. With respect to the transmission spend what you really ought to see with respect to the Ameren Illinois utility spend with respect to transmission it’s being more ratable over the five year period. So you see in the pie chart that we’ve got $900 million of spend over the 2012 through 2016 period. And as we’ve said in the call I think it’s somewhere in the neighborhood of $180 million or so that we’re spending this year so in 2012. So you should see kind of a stable run rate over that period of time. With respect to the transmission company spend, however, that $750 million, that is more backend loaded. We’re going to be working through the routing process, the siding, we’re working on getting an ICC certificate in place and then moving forward and so that capital spending really starts to ramp up in 2014 and more so in 2015 and then 2016.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Your Missouri question. What we’re proposing and I would say in this current rate case is, Michael somewhat similar to the accounting treatment that we got relative to scrubber investment that we had between the time that asset went to into service and the time we got into rates. You may recall that in that particular case we were allowed after it went into service to differ depreciation as well as caring cost on that asset from the time it went in service to the time rates became effective and what we are seeking here is something similar, but allowing us to have that kind of construction accounting on a broader basis with respect to plant put in service.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, Robert this is Marty. No, I wouldn’t say it really is affecting our hedging practices. What we’ve really tried to focus on over the past few years – several years is working to market our power to higher margin customers and when we hedge also looking at how we get the best location if you will to minimize basis risks. So we are still looking at putting on hedges as sales opportunities come along. We’re still pursuing those and certainly focusing on the more higher margin opportunities that we get, but we are continuing to put hedges on. I’d say for the past year or so we’ve been putting the hedges on and operating to sort of the lower end of our hedge policy parameters, but sitting here today certainly feel happy that that we did that that we’ve locked in some power prices in our hedge portfolio that are above current market prices.
Martin Lyons: Right. So that’s a good point. I think that look we’re going to take the time that we’ve bought through this deceleration to really access the power markets, capacity markets, change in environmental rules and like I said, but very closely at how we might alternatively comply with the rules that exist and make a reassessment at some point in the future.
Martin Lyons: Yes, so that’s – good you broke up a little bit for folks that maybe couldn’t hear, I think the question was about municipal aggregation in Illinois and we do see that as an opportunity frankly for the Merchant business. We certainly as part for that business – we certainly have been very active as I said a little while ago offering our product to industrial customers, large commercial and municipal customers. And we certainly see this is an opportunity to some more generation to these aggregated municipal buyers through there are fee processes. So when you see there is an opportunity on the Merchant side of our business. And again we are very much focused on seeking opportunities to market and sell our power at prices that offer attractive margins about relative to say in the hub spot price.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. That’s right. I think, so as we will continue to asses I’d say that the timeframe to if we were to reaccelerate, reaccelerate the project, what the exact timeframe would be. But like I said sitting here today we’re thinking it’s 20 month to 24 months, so I’d say certainly sometime next year we’ll be at a point in time where we’ll be making some decision as it relates to compliance with those 2015 targets.
Martin Lyons: I think one thing about Illinois as it relates to Mercury is we’re already are using a lot of activated carbon for compliance there already, so you know that sort of underway. In terms of DSI, I can’t really, sitting here today, give you a timeline on what it would take to put that in place. I think that is probably a shorter timeframe than the one we’re talking about in terms of the scrubber project.
Martin Lyons: Not at this time. I think it’s really too soon and premature to say. I think that we’ll asses all alternatives we have with respect to compliance and look we’re talking about 2015 and certainly a lot can change in terms of forward power prices and capacity prices. And so we’ll be assessing all of those compliance options at the same time as we’re really watching how the power markets and environmental standards unfold.
David Paz – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. I just had a question on the parent level note, the $425 million note, are there any covenants in there that prevent you from divesting any of your segments particularly in your Merchant segment.
David Paz – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Great. And then on the Merchant power hedges and forgive me if you went through this earlier, I might have missed this, but just was trying to get a feel for the three to four terawatt hours that you added in your hedges in 2012 and 2013 as well as your 2014 hedges, particularly 2014, was the 7 terawatt hours at the average price of $44 entered into last year or are these part of like a multiyear contracts that predate post September 30, 2011.
David Paz – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And on the capacity-only hedges that just closed, I’m sorry, did you say why that is not in the current presentation.
