Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Stephen. I'll see if I can expand a little bit. Obviously, we put out the 8-K, suggesting that we expected to exit from the business. I think one of the things we tried today was to provide clarity that, that exit could take the form of either sale or restructuring. And as you would expect, management is spending time and attention with respect to those exit strategies and exit possibilities.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Stephen. We would expect that in the event of a merchant exit, that, that cost -- the cost, that $30 million could be substantially eliminated.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. I guess what I'm saying is a large part of that is dedicated specifically to support of the merchant business. And so in the event of the exit, much of that cost could be eliminated. And so yes, that is what I'm saying, is that we would work to eliminate -- reduce and eliminate those costs.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure, Paul. I think that -- and we did list it in the script the way you said it. But I would say that these guarantees are actually primarily on behalf of Ameren Energy Marketing. And the extent of those right now, I'd say, is about $200 million of guarantees. And like I said, it's primarily for power transactions. The actual mark-to-market exposure under those is only about $25 million. But that's the -- I think that gives you a general sense of the scope. And again, there will be more details on the 10-K.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure. Well, when you look at the debt financing, I guess a couple of things. One of the things we've talked about over time is looking to keep the cap structures of our regulated entities in that range of, say, 50% to 53% equity, which is something that we would work to do over time. As you look at this next year and the negative $435 million, a couple of things to look at. One, we did finish the year with no borrowings under our credit facilities, a couple hundred million dollars of cash on hand as we go into next year. We would also look over time -- as we have in the past, we have the earnings and the regulated businesses that produced retained earnings, which are in excess of the dividends that we pay out. So there's -- those retained earnings are there to again build equity in the regulated businesses such that then we can also do some debt financing to cover this -- some of this cash flow shortfall. That said, as we move through time, like I said, we will look to keep those cap structures in that 50% to 53% range in terms of equity. Right now, we're not issuing shares under the drip of 401(k). As we mentioned on the call, we don't have -- we don't anticipate doing that in 2013. But as we move into 2014 and beyond, it's certainly a possibility that we would begin again issuing stock associated with those drip and 401(k) programs in order to keep the equity content within the regulated entities in that 50% to 53% range.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, Julian, I can't comment on -- akin to our neighbors. But yes, I think that there has been -- some have written about. I think some have tried to take a look at, say, the deferred taxes overall at Ameren and then subtract out the regulated utility balances. And I would just caution that, I think, when you do that, you end up with, I'd say, too large of a number. There are certain deferred tax balances up at the Ameren corp level related to Ameren-specific things like employee benefit plans, whether they'd be deferred comp or share plans, as well as deferred taxes on NOLs and tax credit carryforwards and things like that. There are also -- in terms of -- if you start thinking about an exit of the business, there are also certain deferred intercompany gains that would be triggered as a result of the historical transfer of these assets out of the utilities. So there are a number of things that I would say make it difficult to get one's arms around what a potential tax loss would be associated with an exit of the business. The other thing, Julien, is I think the -- as you go through time, that tax basis and the assets change. So depending upon the timing of an exit, the form of an exit, whether it be sale of the assets, sale of the equity or restructuring, all of those things could result in different tax answers in terms of the potential tax loss. So we're certainly hesitant to try to put a precise value on that.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So, Julien, with respect to the merchant segment, they have about 117 megawatts of approved transmission from MISO into PJM for the planning years, 2012, 2013 and beyond. They've also been able to get an additional 530 megawatts of approved transmission from MISO into PJM starting in 2015. And so that's been approved, and there are also some other requests in the queue. But that's what's been approved at this point.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. That would be -- think about it, although you used the term GENCO. And I don't have the breakdown, but I think this -- I'm pretty sure that this transmission is unit-specific. And so some of it relates to AERG, and some of it relates to GENCO.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So the execution of -- or the put option is really a GENCO decision, a GENCO board management decision. The put option expires March 31 of 2014. As we said on the call, we do not expect that Ameren and AERG would extend that put option beyond its current date, but it does go through the end of March of 2014.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. No, Michael. I appreciate the question. On Slide 20, though, and as you look to Slide 21 in terms of the rate base growth, I think, overall, the CapEx investment at the Ameren Illinois utilities I wouldn't say is really front-end loaded but, as we've talked before, is more ratable over that 5-year period. And -- whereas the ATXI transmission investment does become more back-end loaded. So it starts a little bit slower, particularly in 2013. But by the time you get to 2014, 2015, it starts to ramp up but gets to more peak levels out in the 2016, 2017 time frame. But again, the Ameren Illinois transmission spending is expected to be more ratable over that period of time.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. No, Michael, it's a good observation. You're right. We have baked in the year end rate base, so we are operating with the expectation that the legislation, as we understand it, should work -- will work that way in 2013. So we have reflected in there the year end rate base.
Martin J. Lyons: I didn't provide hedging details. I mean, given our intent to exit that business, I thought that providing those disclosures with long -- basically get to longer-term earnings and cash flow drivers were less relevant and wanted to focus more on the exit. That said, Michael, all of the data that traditionally we've provided in those slides will be provided in the 10-K. So you'll certainly have access to that information.
Martin J. Lyons: We would expect, Scott, that over -- if you look at where our investments are being made over time, really being made at the regulated utilities and therefore would expect, consistent with past practice, that those investments would be financed at those regulated utility subsidiaries.
Martin J. Lyons: In the 2013 guidance, consistent with past practice, the interest expense is allocated to the merchant and other.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Overall as well, we talked about over time at about that 50-50 kind of level. I think, as you probably saw in the stats that were attached to the press release, I think after the impairment charge, we stand right around 49% and we'd expect to be right around that 50-50 over time.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, I'm not sure that anything really changed there. When you look back at the reason for pursuing the variance, certainly, the power prices are very low. The financial situation and condition with respect to GENCO and the merchant business suggested that a variance was really needed, that financially, we're just really unable to put money forward to complete the scrubber in the near term. And of course, we've provided, I think, a proposal that was overall environmentally beneficial in putting that forward. I think what transpired is -- or what's happened is that -- is simply a continuation of the same situation, that financial -- excuse me, the power markets continued to be very difficult. We saw over the course of 2012 not only a decline in near-term power prices but also a flattening of the forward curve and -- which make the outlook for the business even more challenging. So I wouldn't really say any difference. I would say it's just both a reflection of the same difficult conditions.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Dan. I think -- yes, you're on the right track there, obviously. We have a $200 million maturity in Missouri in July and a $150 million maturity in Illinois later in the year in December. As we think about it -- so I think those would be likely potential candidates for refinancing. As I mentioned earlier on the call, at year end, we also -- Ameren-wide had about $200 million of cash on hand and no credit facility borrowings. As we go into next year, we do expect that we are going to have these negative free cash flows at the utility businesses. So we'll we thinking about, Dan, the $200 million maturity in July at Missouri. But we'll be taking a look at what cash they have on hand, as well as what happens between now and July in terms of capital expenditures and free cash flows and then making the determination about the timing and the size of a debt offering with respect to Missouri. And similar, in Illinois, we are investing in Illinois, both in the distribution business, as well as in the transmission infrastructure, expecting to have negative free cash flows there. And again, we'll be taking a look at that, as well as in conjunction with that $150 million maturity, and assessing again the timing and size of a debt offering there. But you're on the right track in thinking about those maturities coupled with the negative free cash flows associated with those businesses.
Martin J. Lyons: Terran, this is Marty. No, I wouldn't say disappointed if we got to the end of 2013 and it wasn't resolved. I think -- as I said before, we're going to do what we believe is in the greatest overall benefit for Ameren, and we're certainly looking to approach this exit in whatever form it takes in an orderly fashion.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Terran. I know it's a legal question that I guess I'm not really prepared to speak to at the moment. I'm not sure whether each entity would individually need to comply with the emissions limitations of the variance, or whether there'd be a requirement to go back to the Pollution Control Board. So I wouldn't want to speculate at this point on how that might have to be handled.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Let me see if I can expand a little bit. First of all, Elgin is actually in PJM and so it is receiving capacity payments. But that would be in addition to what I noted earlier on the call, the 117 megawatts of approved transmission from MISO into PJM for 2012, 2013 is incremental to Elgin, as is the $530 million of approved transmission starting in 2015. And again, I believe that, that transmission that's been approved from MISO into PJM is power plant unit specific. And I don't recall whether the other gas-fired units actually would benefit from that transmission, those transmission paths. The megawatt of -- the megawatts I just talked about in terms of approved transmission is really obtained through sort of normal processes of working with PJM to get that transmission into -- from MISO into PJM. So it's sort of just part of normal processes that we've been working through. In terms of the broader discussions between PJM and MISO, we're certainly hopeful that we can get to a point where we have more complete capacity portability between MISO and PJM and -- but when and how those discussions may come to that end is difficult to predict. We're certainly hopeful that the conversations will be fruitful and substantial progress can be made in 2013.
Martin J. Lyons: Certainly, as we think about the exit from the merchant business, we're certainly mindful of not only our fiduciary duties to the Ameren shareholders but also obligations that we have to the noteholders at GENCO. And that's what we meant by that.
