Marty Lyons: Andy, obviously, the guidance we gave in terms of our long term earnings guidance has been really based on 5% to 8% compound annual EPS growth from 2016 to 2020. Of course when we started that, we used to base in 2016 of 263, which was an adjusted base. Clearly, you're right. I mean as we look at this year, we've upped our guidance for our core earnings, the midpoint is 280. And as we think about going in next year any kind of long term guidance we give, yes, the foundation would be whatever the core earnings were for the prior year. So that would be -- that very well maybe the 280, going forward.
Marty Lyons: Well, when you say that, obviously, as we go through the remainder of the year, we don’t have, for example in there, any kind of July whether that’s been baked in. And then you’re really asking, I think, about the range and what justifies the range up or down.
Marty Lyons: It’s quite anything else for the remainder of the year. To the extent that there were sales volume changes, as I mentioned, we don’t include in our guidance typically include normal weather, certainly there could be some weather impact up or down. We have had some warm weather here in July, which is an exclusively factored in. As I mentioned on the call, we don’t expect that to offset the negative impacts of weather from earlier this year. And probably as we sit here today, it’s probably less than $0.05 impact from what we’re seen in July. But things like sales trends, reductions in operations and maintenance spending, positive weather, those for the kinds of things that can really move you up or down within your range.
Marty Lyons: Look, we give a range. We feel comfortable with that range. And look, we started the year with a little bit lower. As we move through the year, we started the year with a little bit of negative weather that was certainly influencing our thinking at the beginning of the year in terms of the guidance range we gave. As we’ve moved through the year, we’ve had a constructive outcome in the Missouri rate case, which was terrific. We’ve got disciplined financial management as we move through the year too, making sure we keep tight control of our costs. As you know, our goal in each one of our jurisdictions is to earn as close to our lab returns as we can. And we’re executing on our strategy well, deploying the capital as we expected to, which drives rate base growth, which drives earnings growth. So we’re executing well. We feel comfortable with raising the overall range. And obviously, work hard to achieve year-end results within that range.
Marty Lyons: The Callaway outage is around $0.08. But you’re right we don’t have one next year. Look, we’re not giving guidance for next year. But as you look ahead to next year, we certainly expect to benefit from the continued investments we’re making in rate base, which drive earnings growth. We don’t have the Callaway outage next year as you mentioned, which also then would be additive to earnings.
Marty Lyons: Again, we’re not giving guidance for next year, and I won’t comment on consensus for next year either. And I also wouldn’t comment on necessarily the EPS impacts that you gave from the rate base growth, and then we’ll provide our guidance as we normally do as we roll into the early part of next year. I would mention that you mentioned no Missouri rate case filing. The one think I would mention is on the rate review that we just concluded where the rates went into effect April 1st, this year, we realized about 75% to 80% of the impact of that rate review. Next year, we would incrementally pick up the first quarter benefit of that rate review.
Marty Lyons: To the extent that we’re able to, Ameren Missouri, to refinance the debt at a lower rate, we do benefit from that savings until the next rate review. And to your point on that, I mentioned on the call that in June we refinanced, we paid off $425 million of 6.4% debt, issued $400 million at 2.95%, and so 10 year offering. That for example is about $15 million of annual interest savings.
Marty Lyons: Yes, I mean in terms of moving forward, clearly, there could be PPAs we enter into. We could own wind generation, both of those are viable options. And in terms of that question, I mean there is a couple of ways that it could happen prospectively; one, as you mentioned is to the extent that the all-in costs of those renewables was below the dispatch costs of our existing generation. Of course, one of the reasons why maybe the penetration hasn’t been as great here as maybe other places is that the dispatch costs of our existing generation is pretty low. And it’s a real benefit for our customers. However, the cost of renewables continues to come down and we watch those economics very closely. As Warner mentioned in this answer to Michael earlier, as part of the integrated resource plan, we also look at compliance with the Missouri renewable energy standard. That standard actually requires us to purchase or generate 15% of and native sales from renewables by 2021, subject though to 1% annual limit on rates. And really that’s been limiter historically in term of introducing even more renewables into the portfolio. In our 2014 IRP, we had about 130 megawatts of wind coming in by 2021. So as Warner mentioned in his talking points, we’re working on an update to that integrated resource plan. And in answer to your question, we’re both looking at the economics of renewables as compared to the dispatch cost of our existing generation, but also looking at it in terms of compliance with that renewable energy standard within the limits of that 1% impact on rates. So those are the two ways that really as we look ahead there is the opportunity to bring even further renewables into our portfolio.
Marty Lyons: In terms of the existing assets that we have with things under purchased, we’re below that, significantly below that. But there are a few ways to go about compliance; one is PPAs; one is ownership; and the other is renewable energy credit. So we’re looking at all options as we move ahead for compliance with that standard.
Marty Lyons: With respect to the legislative question regulatory, look I think we’re not obviously foreclosing any tools available to us. I think we look at a number of options that we can pursue. As Warner indicated, we certainly intend to file, as we sit here today, legislation but we’re going to continue to look at all options to continue to make progress here. And we’ve used regulatory tools in the past that are being constructive. So it is certainly an option available for us.
Marty Lyons: Andy, no disagreement with that assertion. I mean, certainly, if that makes the most sense for the customers that would be a positive. So we’ll need to look at as we are as we’re assessing it, what the best compliance option is for the renewable energy standard for our customers, and looking at the various options and thinking about the benefits, risks, cost of all of those options.
Marty Lyons: Well, it's really again limited by the 1%. And I think rather than getting into that here, something we're assessing. And as Michael said when we file the IRP in October, we'll see where we're at.
Andy Levi: Or what gets you to, 280 is your midpoint. But what would get you to 290, I mean, what’s in the thinking that gets you to 290…
Andy Levi: And are you trending towards the mid-point or the high-end right now? But you don’t have to answer, I just…
Andy Levi: Well, you don’t have a Callaway outage and then you’re not filing a rate case in Missouri, right? Probably some interest expense savings from that you’ll capture in 2018 plus you get about $0.20 of growth in Illinois just from a rate base growth. So I’m just looking at consensus around $3 and this adding up the numbers, so to see some -- the people were underestimating your earnings power. I don’t know if you tend to agree with that, and I guess you saw this year too without obviously giving guidance.
Warner Baxter: And it is Warner. I would just simply say -- I would just say one thing as Marty said. I think it’s simply evidence of the fact that we’re executing our plan and we’re executing it well, and we’re executing across all of our businesses.
Warner Baxter: So at the end of the day, Paul, this is Warner again. We do what we’ve been doing. We’d continue to work collaboratively with those key stakeholders. And we have a small group that has opposed the legislation but we won’t be deter, because look it’s important for us to continue to get their input, we share our input with them. And as we’ve said before, while we expands the filibuster, there are certainly ways to no way find compromises in advance but in the context the filibusters and like, look the key is you continue to reduce the number of people that may want to participate in the filibuster. Number one, you make sure, you’re given adequate floor time and try and make sure you can address those issues and hopefully come to a compromise. And lastly, as we’ve said before, I mean there are rules in the sense that that would enable to close down the debate. But those rules aren’t used often. We hope we never get to that point. The bottom line is we want board collaboratively with everybody to ultimately get constructive legislation that benefits our customers, the communities that we serve and our shareholders.
Warner Baxter: Very little on the current CapEx forecast for that, given as I mentioned earlier, the IRP we had a few years ago, 2014 had about 130 megawatts of wind by 2021.
Michael Moehn: I think that's well said. The only thing I would add to that and just a couple of things. We're going to continue to build off of certainly the interim report that the Senate put out last fall along with the Missouri Public Service Commission had the working docket then on looking at issues around regulatory reform. There has also been an emerging issues task force that they’ve kicked off here. We’re going to have some more meetings here in August. All of these are indications and I think they understand that we need to take a different approach to this. There is opportunities around and we’re going to continue to leverage those, going forward.
Michael Moehn: Yes, that’s right, Warner. I think that this may sound naïve at the end of the day. But we just -- we actually have to convince them of the value associated with us. There are too many examples them. Warner talked about what’s going to in Illinois but you can certainly look far beyond in Illinois in terms of what’s happening in terms of modernizing the grid and the value they create for customers and shareholders at the end of the day. And so we just, honestly, have to continue to double down that effort to convince them that the State of Missouri is falling behind, if we don’t makes in progress on this.
Michael Moehn: Also on the respect to your question on that renewables and where we are, I believe we’re right at around 5% today in terms of that 15% compliance.
Michael Moehn: As Warner indicated, we have an IRP that needs to be filed in October. So my sense is that we'll have some communication right around that timeframe.
