Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. Paul. So you're right. I mean, last week, the FERC did have a, I'll call it a data request but they did ask for additional information with respect to a couple of things. They asked for contracts that we have with 2 customers and they also then asked for some additional information with respect to the market power effects on competition. We have 14 days to respond. We expect to certainly be able to respond within the 14 days. And we don't expect that the additional information they've asked for with respect to the market power impacts to really have any meaningful effect on the data and certainly, no effect overall on the conclusion. So we're going to provide that data as soon as we can, and we're hopeful that there won't be any impact on the overall schedule. We still expect that once the FERC receives that data, they may certainty invite some opportunity for comment on that, but wouldn't expect that it would slow the FERC process down meaningfully, such that, as you heard on the call, we still expect to be able to get FERC approval and close the transaction by year end.
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, no, I wouldn't say I have any specific thought with respect to the auction for next year. As you know, the -- this business segment that we're divesting of was successful in getting the ability to sell additional capacity into PJM in periods beyond really the '14 timeframe looking out to post '16. And generally, those prices still look favorable to the prices that exist in MISO today. And so I think just continuing to execute on selling what capacity can be sold into PJM is what that business segment will continue to focus on.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, this is Marty again, Andy. It's hard to know exactly when they would respond. There's no specific timeline. Once -- you got about 180 days, frankly, to respond and can extend for another 180. But obviously, this request for information indicates to us that they are actively looking at our filing and we would expect FERC based on past practice to move more quickly than the 180 days that are allowed. So no specific deadline, but again, based on past experience, we certainly expect again to get the FERC approval and be able to close by year end. Of course, there's another filing that have been made at the Pollution Control Board and there, the timeline is about 120 days. So in both cases, we expect to get the Pollution Control Board approval for the air variance transfer, as well as the FERC approval for the sale in time still to be able to accomplish a closing before year end.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, I'll be happy to comment on that. This year, we've seen a bit of variation, very much like we saw last year. The weather normalized sales started out pretty strong in Q1, but again, like last year, we had some quarterly volatility and we had a bit of contraction in the second quarter. Year-to-date, however, I would say, our residential and commercial sales are up about 0.5%. We said at the end of each of the last 2 quarters that in terms of our 2013 guidance that we expected little in the way of growth. And so, like I said, residential and commercial sales across our utilities are up about 0.5%, and that's we're looking for, for the full year, about 0.5% of growth in residential and commercial sales. With respect to industrial, between Missouri and Illinois, they've been down a little bit this year, primarily in Illinois. Missouri is actually flat to up a little bit. The Illinois trend is a reversal from the past couple of years where we saw really solid increases in industrial sales. But this year, they've turned south a little bit. For the full year, we expect similar kind of patterns for Missouri to be up a little bit in terms of industrial and for Illinois to be down. So those are some of the trends we're seeing. I think -- when I think about the economy and what's going on, what may drive the sales, frankly, in Missouri, the growth in our sales is kind of underscored by some of the things we're seeing in terms of positive movement, job growth, good producing and services jobs, housing starts have been on the rise a little bit, and our customer counts are up. Year-over-year, both residential and commercial residential, up about 0.4%; commericial, about 0.7%. So we're seeing some good trends that give us confidence that 0.5% of growth will be there for the year in residential and commercial and happy to see Missouri industrial sales up a hair this year. So that's generally, I guess, what we're seeing.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Dan. Maybe Warner will -- who's president of our Missouri operations will take that one again.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Dan. this is Marty again. So in terms of financing plans, as you probably know from looking at our balance sheet, really nothing in terms of short-term debt at this point have good liquidity. So we'll be looking at this year as some of the maturities that, I believe, we talked to you about last quarter, that we have coming up, both in Missouri and Illinois. And then we've got -- the negative cash flow is really being driven by the capital expenditure plans we have overall. So we'll be taking a look again at those maturities, plus the cash flows driven by the rate base growth and then refinancing those when they get to levels that we think are appropriate to take to the financial market. As we look right now, some of that financing may be done in the second half of this year, some of it may slip to the first quarter of next year. So -- but those are the plans. And then, of course, next year, we've got the debt up at the holding company that you're aware of that we'll be looking at refinancing options. Those come up in May of next year, May '14. And certainly, we've got the opportunity there, as we talked about before, to significantly lower the interest rate of that -- the parent company debt. And, Dan, while I've got you, one thing I want to tack on to Warner's thing, it's just important, is that the charge we took relative to the FAC that when we had the similar one in a prior period, but those are fully behind us, those sales that were in question happened during the finite period of time, the FAC was later modified to address those kinds of things. So it's not an issue that will be recurring going forward. So that $0.06 item was a bit of a onetime item this year and in terms of it not happening again in the future. And we did include it in our core, if you will, earnings from operating activities. But that is not something that would repeat in future periods.
Martin J. Lyons: Steve, we have with us here today the president of that subsidiary in segment, Maureen Borkowski. I think I'll let her address your question.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, this is Marty again. We've provided these over time. I think we look to keep the equity content and the cap structure over time, around that 50-50 kind of level where we are today. So we think that's a target that we'd have going forward. We haven't given any specific guidance on any need for equity. Obviously, we've got a strong, we believe, rate base growth plan, capital expenditure plan, expect to be able to grow rate base 7% annually out through 2017, as we mentioned earlier. Largely, we believe that will be funded by the reinvestment of retained earnings as our -- from the earnings we got in the business and the growth in the earnings going forward coupled with that financing. To the extent that we needed some supplemental equity, which we're not issuing any currently, but would have the ability to turn on our DRIP or 401(k) or utilize those programs to generate additional equity. But again, we're not doing that currently and we would make that decision on a year-by-year basis going forward.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. No, it is embedded in there. So we have seen the 30-year treasuries rise this year, but it is having -- it's up, I guess, about 30 basis points from where we started our guidance at the beginning of the year and 30 basis points for this year is about $0.015. So that is embedded in the overall guidance. If you look at the guidance we've provided, and I think somebody did this last time, took a $2 to $2.15 range and then added back the parent and other of $0.20 to get to a midpoint of a range around our regulated earnings, which gets you to about $2.27 or $2.28, somewhere in that range. We started the year with regulated earnings expectations of $2.25. After the first quarter, we raised it to a midpoint of about $2.30 and again, there's a range around these numbers. We didn't have anything specifically and therefore the $0.06 FAC charge, frankly, as Warner said earlier, could have gone either way, been a $0.06 charge or a $0.04 upside. The fact that we have this $0.06 charge is the reason that we're bringing down the upper end of our range from $2.20 to $2.15. But my point is that we brought down that midpoint only $0.02 or $0.03. Based on that charge, we're seeing a little bit of upside from the -- from those 30-year treasuries, and we're also controlling our cost to help offset some of that. And bottom line, it's steady as she goes in terms of regulated earnings for this year. We've been between that $2.25 and $2.30 midpoint, we're still there even after this FAC charge at about that $2.27 to $2.28 range. So those are some of the things that we're incorporating. We had a Callaway refueling outage in the second quarter. The result of that as we've shared in our talking points, it was $0.08 for the quarter, $0.09 for the year, right in line with the guidance we provided earlier in the year. So all in all, it's -- we're -- things are in line through 6 months.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Michael, I wish I had that in front of me. We went through some of this, actually, coming out of our year end call and perhaps Doug can find the slide. What we did coming at year end, we gave our guidance for this year. So we actually laid out some of the items that actually we expected to cause some under earning this year. Actually Doug wasn't able to pull that out. The things we laid out at that time, Michael, were about $8 million of ICC ratemaking adjustments. Those are things that unless we're able to find some other way to mitigate those or to get recovery, those would be sort of recurring. We laid out, and this was back -- it was in Slide 13 by the way in the year end call, we made about $7 million of electric system rework that we plan to do and are doing this year, and that would not be recoverable. However, while those costs were incurred this year and last year, we don't expect that those costs would be sort of going-forward cost. We believe that, that rework is largely behind us after this year. So we'd not expect that to continue to be a driver of underearning. And then, with the $1 million this -- we have this year, it was greater last year, we had $1 million this year of required donations under the formula rates, and of course, we continue to make those donations going forward and those are nonrecoverable. So I think what we laid out there was about $60 million or so of items impacting us this year, both the expectation that, that would go down to maybe in the $9 million range next year. And so that's sort of the guidance we provided.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Michael, that's right. You should look for it. It should be -- it should work formulaically as -- obviously, when we got started last year with these reviews, there were certainly some debate around some of these historical ICC ratemaking adjustments or how the law would be implemented. Those historical ICC ratemaking adjustments will continue per the law. We believe we've gotten clarity from the legislature in terms of the some of the issues that were debated with the ICC. But generally, you're right, Michael, we should have rate base growth going forward. The ratemaking should work formulaically as designed. And as the 30-year treasury, say, if they do rise, then that will impact the overall return. And I think, next year, I think that blue chip consensus forecast we use right now, it's at 3.95, which would imply for next year if that held through a 9.75 return in the Illinois energy delivery space.
Warner L. Baxter: This is Warner Baxter. And so the simple answer is, of course, we're looking at all kinds of options as we look forward to legislation for next year. I mean, certainly, there was a bill that was presented on the senate floor late in the session, which we thought was a good bill. That's certainly an option. We also look at several amendments that were prepared to be discussed and never really got discussed in the floor. Those are potential options. And there are certainly options for even the skinnier version. So what we're going to do and what we've been doing and we'll continue to do is have discussions with key stakeholders to get their input to see what we can do to move constructive legislation forward that will support investment in the state of Missouri. So that's what we'll do. And we'll continue to work with our key allies in Missouri, including all the electric energy providers, to try and craft an appropriate approach forward.
Warner L. Baxter: So Julien, this is Warner again. I think Tom said that basically, we still have some more tests that we have to complete. And that will take us through the weekend. But preliminary tests indicate that we haven't incurred any significant damage. And so, if everything we have seen so far, indeed, carries through once we complete our tests, it means that Callaway would -- we would expect that beyond another 15 to 20 days from today to get it back into service. But the tests aren't done and we will get those done through the weekend and we'll have a better assessment, certainty, some time next week.
Warner L. Baxter: So remember, when you go back to this issue, it really relates to some margins that we realized from certain wholesale contracts. Actually, back several years ago that the Missouri Public Service Commission felt those margins should have been provided back to our fuel adjustment clause like many of our other office system sales are under the existing rules. And these wholesale contracts really stem from some excess power that we had available for sale due to the loss of load from Noranda Aluminum, which is our largest customer, resulting from a severe ice storm in 2009. And so you go back in 2011, the commission issued the order that we had to refund approximately $80 million of margins earned for the period, March '09 to September '09. And we, indeed, recorded that charge back in 2011. That's a pretax charge. That was -- that did not take those contracts through their full duration. Those contracts went further. And so, in 2012, the staff, Missouri Public Commission staff, recommended additional refund of about $26 million related to the same wholesale contracts. And that's from the period from October 2009 to May 2011, whereas the first one was for March 2009-September 2009, that was the period under review. In 2012, just to give you the history so you know, we actually ended up winning our appeal of the commission's order before the Coal County Circuit Court, but later in 2013, which is the Appellate Court decision that Marty referenced, we -- the Missouri Court of Appeals upheld the Missouri Public Service Commission's position. So as a result of all those things, the commission yesterday issued an order requiring that refund of $26 million. And that's about $0.06 per share, as Marty talked about. And so, we, obviously, will comply with that. And while we were disappointed with the commission's decision, we certainty weren't surprised given the recent Appellate Court decision. So really, as we go forward, we will continue to operate under the provisions of the Missouri fuel adjustment clause. We will -- to the extent that we will follow, we really don't have an issue because we don't have similar types of wholesale contracts going forward. We'll just continue to have -- do the off-system sales as we do today and we'll provide 95% of those margins back to the fuel adjustment clause. The one thing that you should know, during all of this period of time, that we actually did file another or initiated another proceeding in the state of Missouri. And this goes back to July 2011, where we filed with the -- a request with the commission for an accounting authority order that allow Ameren Missouri to defer as a regulatory asset. Really, the fixed cost totaling about $36 million that were not recovered from Noranda as a result of that loss of the load back in 2009. So now that all of these other decisions have been put behind us, the commission now still has before it another docket to potentially provide us an accounting authority order for those losses that we incurred as a result of that loss of load. So a bit of a long story, but that gave you sort of the history of what's going on with the fuel adjustment clause and where things stand today. And so there is no set timetable for the commission to make a decision on this accounting authority order request, but we think the decks are now clear for them to take that up in the relative near future.
Warner L. Baxter: The appeal of the Supreme court, no, we don't tend to do that. There are certain provisions of the commission's order which we may look to appeal, not the entire $26 million, but another smaller component of that, about $3 million that we think may have been addressed in the prior rate case settlement, that's still under review. But beyond that, no, we do not plan to take this up to the Supreme Court.
Warner L. Baxter: Dan, we haven't made any final decisions as to when we'll file our next rate case. But just as we've done in the past, we'll seek to time the filing of our next case to mitigate regulatory lag. And that's regulatory lag resulting from meaningful capital additions, as well as to mitigate regulatory lag for operating costs. And so, when we look at those things, obviously, we just completed a rate case at the end of last year, we'll be mindful of those types of things, as well as capital additions that we have coming before us in a variety of different areas, not just in '13 but in '14. So a final decision hasn't been made, but we keep a very close eye on all these things in terms of when we'll file our next rate case.
Warner L. Baxter: This is Warner Baxter. When you look at regulatory lag in Missouri, it's driven by a couple of things. Number one, it's driven by the fact that they use historical tests here, principally, to set rates. Another big driver is that when capital investments are placed into service between rate cases, there's now an ability to update rates for those major adjustments. And so, what we have been doing as a company is that we've been working very hard and had success in better aligning our spend across our enterprise, both capital and O&M to be more consistent with the regulatory framework that we have in front of us in the state of Missouri. And so we've been able to manage that and we continue to do that going forward. But of course, there will be some point where we're going to have to file rate cases. And what we've been very focused on is narrowing that gap between the allowed return on equity provided by the commission and what our actual earned return on equity has been and we've been able to do that over the last several years pretty successfully. So I wouldn't say there's a magical number or a magical timeframe, we just know that we're going to manage our operations and manage consistent with that and keep a fairly narrow gap and that's what our plan has been and will continue to be.
Warner L. Baxter: Kevin, I would say that's too fine a point. We'll do what we think is right for the business, what we think is right for shareholders. And that's when we'll file rate cases, as well as, frankly, we think legislation isn't just about how we earn better returns. We think it's in the best interest, frankly, of the state of Missouri and its customers. And so, bottom line, we're trying to create a win-win for everybody.
Warner L. Baxter: Rajeev, this is Warner Baxter. This would be really kind of a one-time thing. The event was the loss fixed cost resulting from the ice storm and so it would be a one-time event. And so the commission is in the county authority order and then if we'd be granted that county authority ordered, then we would seek to put the commission's decision into rates during our next rate case.
