Thomas Voss: Yes Steven, no there aren’t any ongoing impacts associated with that. You know the $0.07 gain we had, is their reversal of some negative impacts that we had in prior years as a result of the (inaudible) charges. Those negative impacts had been included in quarter earnings in the past, which is why we reflected this gain in quarter earnings. That said, we now have a fuel adjustment clause in place in Missouri, and there’re not ongoing impacts from this settlement.
Thomas Voss: I think the thing we’re really focused on is this capacity portability issue. And I think the next steps are for, you know, in accordance with the FERC ruling for MISO and PJM double discussion about some of the barriers to portability, as well as other issues that they have. And then we and other parties will be filing comments with FERC regarding the portability issues. So those are the ongoing things to watch for.
Thomas Voss: Sure Paul. I think what you’d be seeing in the press reports would be consistent with things we’ve talked about on our past couple of calls. Obviously earlier this year as a result of the drop in power prices amongst other things, we decelerated construction of the (Newton Scrubber) Project. We talked about the fact that, you know, one of the obstacles we had was the Illinois  Multi Pollutant Standard and the racket down in terms of So2 emissions. 
Thomas Voss: I guess so, but you know there’s not, I’d say an immediate near term impact. As we look out, you know, we’re concerned about that ratchet down out in 2015. And to the extent that release isn’t granted by the pollution control board, you know, and the Newton Scrubber, is not reaccelerated, then we do face the prospect of plant closures as discussed in our prepared remarks. So, you know, this is really an impact when we look out to that 2015 timeframe.
Thomas Voss: Yes, those were some of the things that we had. You may recall Paul that after the first quarter, we actually lowered our guidance from our regulated entities by about $0.05 on either end of the range, and that’s because in the first quarter we had about $0.10 of negative impact from weather, and so we lowered the guidance $0.05. We’ve seen an improvement in the weather situation, we’re still down year-to-date by about $0.03 on a net basis versus normal. But we did see some positive impact in the second quarter from weather. And we also had the, as you noted, the positive FERC ruling. Those things allowed us to move the guidance back up $0.05 to where we started the year for the regulated entities. 
Thomas Voss: Good Morning, Julian.Julian Dumoulin – Smith – UBS:  First on the treasuries and the Illinois (formulate grates). I noticed that you mentioned 3% here. Is that still using the blue chip average? And then secondly, did that have sort of market-to-market impact in the second quarter, and what was that? I apologize if I missed that in your prepared remarks.
Thomas Voss: That could be, and I don’t want to speculate on the outcome in ’13, but yes, we took a charge last year of about $0.05, as noted on the call there’s still about $25 or $26 million pending before the Reserved Public Service Commission that we expect them to rule on later this year. And then we’ll see how these court appeals play out. Obviously we took a charge because of the – last year, because of the commissions decision, and of course we flowed those monies back through the FAC. If at some point that commission decision is reversed one way or another, and ultimately we’re able to collect those monies, at that point, it would become a gain.
Thomas Voss: In terms of the debt, there’s $825 million dollars or so of debt, at Ameren Energy Generating that is non-recourse debt. That interest expense is allocated to Ameren energy Generating and AER, and then there’s the other $425 up at Ameren Corp. and again that’s an Ameren Corp. obligation and the interest expense is allocated down to that segment, Ameren Energy Resources.
Thomas Voss: So, yes, you are right and the numbers that you gave out are right, the Q2 weather versus normal was about a plus seven cents, and then the FERC agreement was another, you know, seven cents, but you are absolutely right. I think in terms of, again, why five cents, I think that again, we are still bond weather wise because we had about a ten cent drag in the first quarter. We only reduce the regulated guidance by about five cents – you know, we picked up seven cents of that, yes, in the second quarter, but we are still down net three cents a-year-to-date due to weather. If that’s on a prior call, we – we’ve had about three basis point drop in the ROEs in Illinois, which again, as I said earlier, there’s probably a penny-and-a-half to what two cents of earnings, and then I think one other thing, Paul, that we mentioned on the call is that, you know, we strip out weather – you know, we’re seeing pretty flat, low growth in terms of residential, commercial year-to-date. We did, at the beginning of the year, and frankly, continue to expect as we look to the second half of the year to see, to see some growth in those categories, year-to-date we haven’t seen any. Now, weather normalization is obviously, say not an exact science, with that pretty good extremes in both in terms of the winter months and the spring summer months year-to-date, and so, sometimes those can cause variations, but we are seeing things pretty flat year-to-date. So, those are some of the factors – the other thing that I would say though, Paul, what we mentioned is that, you know, the July weather has been extremely warm, and continues to be extremely warm, even this week, and none of the impacts of that favorable weather in July have been reflected in the guidance that we have provided. 
Thomas Voss: Yes, you know, I should have brought some exact datas, but I don’t. I can tell you that while we have, you know – you know, had some very strong demands, I think we’re still down for some of the peaks that we saw a couple of years ago, but I won’t – and maybe then I will ask somebody else to do it, to comment on that quickly.
Thomas Voss: No, the – you know, yesterday, I think the public hearing was well attended, all five of the members of the pollution control board were in attendance. I think they were – they were very attentive, and I think they heard, you know, from folks that spoke, I would say, on behalf of our competition, you know, folks that are located in our service territories that, you know, would – that spoke of the potential economic and personal impact of the variance, and of course there were a citizen’s group there who spoke in opposition. So, you know, what they – with the police and the control board there to do again is to balance both environmental concerns with economic concerns, and you know, they heard testimonies on both sides. You know, ultimately, really the only parties to this to proceeding are ourselves and the IEPA that noted on our call, the IEPA has taken a neutral stance on this, and sees our petition as being environmentally beneficial, and that is our view as well, and so, we look to pollution control board again to balance the, you know, the economics with the environmental mandate.Ryan Tabio – Futcher and Company:  Thank you.
Martin Lyons: That’s fine. Julian the 3% it reflect the actual experience in terms of (inaudible) for the first half of the year, as well as, you know, blue chip forecasting as of July. So, it’s really the average for the year, which is what’s included in the ROE. So, that 3% is what’s baked into the guidance. In terms of a way to think about that, about every 10 basis points or so, is about a half cent per share. So about a 30 basis point move is probably a penny and a half to two cents when you’re thinking about the impact of something like that overall. I wouldn’t say there was a mark-to market the regulatory asset that we recorded at the end of the first quarter, was unchanged at the end of the second quarter as it related to that business. Julian Dumoulin – Smith – UBS:   Thank you.
Martin Lyons: Yes, I don’t – Michael, I don’t have a full reconciliation to walk you through, maybe something you can follow up with Doug after the call. But you highlighted one of the drivers for that decrease. The biggest is really that bonus depreciation, which has been included. And of course that’s been reflected in the guidance. I think what you’ve seen in some of these cases that we have pending, is folks arguing that the accumulated depreciation should be included in the rate base. And certainly for this year in terms of the way we’ve been broadcasting out earnings and forecasting our rate base, we’ve included the deferred tax update from bonus depreciation in there, so that’s the big driver.
Martin Lyons: You know, I don’t know what the parent company drag is. Typically what we’ve done with our debt for the most part is allocated those costs out. So, you know the parent company debt that exist, you know, the $425 million of debt, you know, for the most part those interest charges actually get allocated out to the merchant segment, and (inaudible) supporting that merchant segment. So, while the $425 is an obligation of Ameren Corporation, the debt is being seen as supporting capital expenditures made at the merchant segment over time. Primarily, I shouldn’t say primarily, really a AERG, which is a non-registrant, so we allocate those interests costs out to that segment.
Martin Lyons: You know, David, there’s not, I would say, a specific price level of the words that I point to that, you know, would cause us to avoid them – and I think what you’re really asking is there a certain price level in which the, you know, Newton Scrubber would be, you know, we accelerated, and you know, consistent, and then what we said on prior calls, you know, I think that we – you know, we’ve estimated that if we reaccelerated that we would probably need something like 20 or 24 months of construction time to have that scrubber in service. So, we continue to have some time to watch how things develop, but it’s not just power prices – certainly watch power prices – I think of power, I guess you could say I think of energy, and I think of capacity because we are watching energy prices, capacity prices, development in terms of, you know, federal and environmental regulations, in the likes of – you know, there will be host of factors, but I can’t point to a specific price that would be toward the threshold. David Paz – Bank of America: Thank you.
Martin Lyons: Yes, sure, Michael. I think that we tried to list the major ones on, you know, slide three, and I guess those are mostly related to Q2, and maybe I should focus you back on our Q1 slide as well – we had a similar slide for Q1, but you do see, you know, the third quarter there, we had the absence of the fact charge from last year, and the storm costs from last year. As I recall from the first quarter too though, we picked up a couple of cents of impact in Ameren Illinois because of contributions that we made at the start of the Illinois rate file. So, again, I just want to point you back to those first quarter slides, I think we have negative in the first quarter that would not be repeating again next year. And then, I think as you, as you look to next year, you know, I think some of the things to think about as just the – you’ll have the resolution in the Missouri rate case later this year, next year we will have a calloway outage, where there was not calloway outage this year. Those will be some of the drivers as well as what happens with 30 year treasuries, and it affects Illinois, and in our continuing to deploy capitals that we’ve laid out. So, those are some of the impacts to be thinking about. 
