Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons; and other members of Ameren’s management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release include instructions for replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the internet, and the webcast will be available for one year on our webcast – website at www.ameren.com. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live call. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website to which we will refer during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations, and follow the appropriate link. Turning to page two of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today, and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with a brief overview of third quarter 2011 earnings and updated 2011 guidance, followed by discussion of recent business and regulatory developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of third quarter 2011 financial results and guidance, as well as updates on regulatory and other financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Here is Tom, who will start on page three of the presentation.
Douglas Fischer: David, I don’t have that here in front of me in terms of that breakout, I mean are you trying to get a sense for how much of that 625 is going to be incremental or invested…David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Douglas Fischer: Yeah, I don’t know, but “product”, but as we look ahead obviously one of the things we have to do with respect to that business is manage our overall plans, whether it be for capital expenditures or procurement of power to be mindful of the 2.5% capital on increase in rates. We feel pretty good about our ability to achieve that through the 2014 markets that’s in the legislation, based upon lot of the hedges that we already have in place, power procurement hedges for Ameren Illinois. So as we move forward, we’re in pretty good shape with those, but will be very mindful of that 2.5% cap as we put together our plans for the future.
Douglas Fischer: Julien this is Warner Baxter, really from the outside one thing I want to make clear we have supported and continue to support statewide efforts to increase synergy efficiency of our customers, but we’ve also stated that we need to make progress on the regulatory framework, not only recover our energy efficiency program costs, but really the fixed cost that we lose due to these power sales. And so in our last rate case we saw at the putting our framework that would have addressed that, the commission reviewed that and rejected our proposal. And so we’re really we’re left with no reasonable choice, but to reduce those level of expenditures in the interim until we really get a framework that’s in place. And we continue to explore that. And we do expect to propose yet another framework that will address some of our concerns to really continue to move forward with energy efficiency in Missouri. But today we are still spending millions of dollars on energy efficiency in Missouri, both when you combine both the electric and gas side and we’re going to continue to stay focused on trying to find a solution to this issue.
Douglas Fischer: Julien, I would say that and remind everybody we have had a marketing effort overtime associated with our generation, it’s not a new thing. We’ve also had a retail marketing effort as well. I think you’re right, we are seeing some increases in switching within the state and we’re staying active in the State. I think if you look back at some of our sales overtime, like if you look at this year, I’d say that about 45% of the sales we’re making this year from our generation are going to sort of physical delivery, physical end use. So as far as our merchant business that’s something we’re going to continue to focused on and we’re going to target something greater than 50% of our generation to go to physical delivery customers as we move forward.
Douglas Fischer: Yeah, we talked about –we broke down I think last quarter similar debt levels by segment and I think it was about 1.5, 1.6 to the merchant segment overall, but you know I would say as you look Greg at the balance sheet at the end of this quarter when we put out our queue you look at year end, we have been generating as we mentioned positive free cash flows overall for the company projected to be 325 this year of that free cash flow nearly 200 of that coming from the merchant business, about 150 from Genco itself. So that segment has been producing positive free cash flow and we have been using that to pay down parent company borrowing so.
Douglas Fischer: Ashar, this is Doug. I think that’s a discussion maybe we can offline as we go through the process. I don’t think we – I think we will get bogged down if we get into all the details here.
Douglas Fischer: That is correct. The new Missouri rates went into effect at the end of July of this year. So we will get the benefit of a full-year of rate. I think – On last one, please.
Douglas Fischer: I want to just bring the call to a close and thank everyone for participating. We’re looking forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Financial Conference next week. Let me remind you again that this call was available through November 11 on playback and for one year on our webcast. Today’s press release includes instructions on listening to the playback. You may also call or e-mail the contacts listed on the release. Financial analysts inquires should be directed to me – Doug Fischer. Media should call, Brian Bretsch, our contact information is on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren.
Martin Lyons: Sure Scott. This is Martin. So on slide 15, 2013 you’re looking at the $41 per megawatt I guess for the 11 million or so megawatt hours that we sold. The way you ought to think about ‘13 in terms of what’s in there is and round-the-clock kind of product usually has about 47% to 48% on peak. Our generation profile is typically more about 52% on peak and basically what you see in there is megawatt hours that have been sold more like our generation profile, more like that 52% on peak, 48% off peak and that does include any kind of hedges or forward sales we’ve made. So whether they be financial products or physical products most of that I would say in that period of time does represent physical contracts that we have with counterparties and would include then some energy, some capacity and some other services.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, Scott this is Martin again. Good question, it’s my understanding that that would be based on the 2012 treasuries and the spread over the average 2012 treasuries.
Martin Lyons: I don’t know that I gave it out necessarily by legal entity, but basically the effect of temperate for this year, in the third quarter we talked about it being about $0.02 positive versus last year we estimate that it was about $0.14 positive versus normal. And then for the full year on a year-to-date basis, it was probably a positive $0.21 versus normal conditions year-to-date, actually down about $0.05 versus last year based on strong weather we had primarily in the second quarter of last year.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, I don’t know when you say, what’s left to be taken or to be taken. I can tell you this when you look at slide 10, we talked about on the quarter that the impact of rate changes was about $0.10. And that broke down in the quarter, Michael, about $0.08 for Missouri and about $0.02 for Illinois. So, as you know, the Missouri rate case didn’t go into effect until very last part of July. So maybe that information is helpful to you.
Martin Lyons: We do – maybe somebody can – can dig that out and provide that information. I don’t have it here in front of me.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, yeah, I think we are on the same page. No, I mean the voluntary severance offer/retirement offer that’s been made is really outstanding. So employees have until around the end of the year to decide whether they are going to accept that or not. Our historical experience with this kind of a program is to have gotten about a 30% type opt-in-rate, hard to tell whether you get that or not, but to say 30% to 40% kind of opt-in-rate, might be expected. But the benefits of that in terms of cost savings would actually be realized next year. We are not realizing any of that right now, because none of those employees have yet retired.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Well, yeah, I here you Greg, I mean we’re dealing to your point, we’re doing what we can to take the positive free cash flows we have, reduce our outstanding leverage, we’ve taken nearly – actually more than $250 million of cost out of our projected capital expenditures. We are keeping a lid on O&M costs in that segment. So, we’re doing what we can to control the costs. We’re paying down debt, decreasing leverage. And we’ll see what happens in terms of the market recovery. We certainly think that the impact of some of the environmental regulations that are out are going to have an impact on reserve margins in our regions. And we think we’ve gotten our arms around our environmental compliance plans.
Martin Lyons: No, not to say of July 1, I should have committed that to memory, but I don’t have the exact day just and I think it will be based on when we are ready to file. Frankly I think that there is a lot of work that goes into actually making the filing for the formulary grades and whether it be the capital spending plans, the hiring plans, the smart grid rollout plans, the plans to measure the improvements in our service, et cetera. So a lot that goes into the filing, when we are ready to make that filing, we will make it but ultimately the date that the rates we have changed will be somewhat dependent upon filing.
Thomas Voss: Yeah, Erica, thanks for the question. I think that what – we’re certainly committed to doing as you know is improving our earned returns. And so we’re going to stay focused on disciplined cost control disciplined investment as we seek to improve those earned returns. You’ve asked a question on the past couple of calls about sales levels. As you know the economy has in part caused our sales level to be fairly sluggish. In fact as you know we’ve seen some declines in residential and commercial sales this year when you strip out the impacts of weather. And so, as a result of that we’ve certainly been looking to tighten our belt, keep costs under control and importantly that also helps to – help contain costs for our customers as we recently have been going in for rate cases and of course the benefits of those costs savings eventually accretive to customer in terms of lower rate increases. So that’s what we are doing. I’d say looking forward given Senate Bill 1652, certainly in Illinois, we’re going to be looking to add employees as we look to make investments in that state to improve service reliability, service quality and roll out some of the smart grid plant so that we laid out, and are laid out in the legislation. So just those are some of the thoughts I guess on how we’re trying to manage the business.
Thomas Voss: Well, good questions Erica. And I think with respect to – we’ll start with Illinois, I think one of the benefits of Senate Bill 62 is we talked about with the formulaic rates, is it does give you more confidence to be able to make investments to be able to add your workforce and feel confident that you’re going to be able to earn something close to your allowed returns. So certainly that does give us a greater confidence. And then in Missouri, we talked about last quarter making significant progress in terms of closing the gap between our weather normalized earned returns this year and our allowed returns as we look to go from 2011 into 2012. And what we’re doing is executing on plans that we believe will allow us to achieve that goal.
Thomas Voss: Yeah, we really haven’t broken that down Paul. I mean, I can tell you that overall based on the guidance we’ve given for the regulated segments, the implied ROE there is about 9%, 9.2%, but of that – of course that includes the impacts of weather. And if you strip that out the weather you’re probably talking about an implied ROE of around an 8.2-ish kind of percent.
Thomas Voss: I don’t know, if that exactly makes sense or not. I mean, I think with the questions that came up earlier is, ultimately I think what we are earned in Illinois in 2012 will be somewhat – well not somewhat, but will be – and somewhat in part dictated by what the treasuries are in 2012. So, the question came earlier ultimately when you go through the formulae a great making in 2012, what is the formulaic rate tide to and it’s going to be based on an average of treasuries…
Thomas Voss: Well again I think the thing is that, when you look at it, I guess we haven’t said exactly what our earned ROE is going to be in Illinois this year. But I mean I guess what I’m trying to say is ultimately what it is next year, you’re right, we don’t know what treasuries it will be, it will be based on whatever the average of the 30-year treasuries are next year plus the adder. If you took a 12-month history of treasuries today you’d get a different answer than what the treasuries are today at this point in time. Paul, in complete answer to your question when you look at Ameren Illinois, I’d also not forget that the gas rates will be reset based on the forecasted test year we filed. And so that will have an impact on the earned ROE and it’s also important to remember that we have a decent size transmission rate base in Ameren Illinois as well.
Thomas Voss: Sure. The Merchant Generation write-down really as you know had to do with the closure of Meredosia and Hutsonville. You know when we had our last quarterly call we talked about the fact that we thought like we are getting pretty good clarity on getting our arms around our environmental capital expenditures and what was necessary to comply with the various rules that were out there. And the one I known really was and how we’re going to comply with respect to the tighten NOx submission standards. And so as we look at specifically that the tighten NOx submission standards ultimately it was decided that we were forced to really shutdown Meredosia and Hutsonville to be able to comply with those CSAPR rules the NOx component of CSAPR rules, so that was the big driver there. But then Paul as we talked about on the call what that allowed us to do is once that decision is made you look at your overall SO2 and NOx allowances given that those plans are no longer in the mix. And then that allows you to kind of relook at your overall compliance strategy for SO2, for your fleet that led us to the conclusion that we could actually reduce our capital expenditures or excuse me eliminate the use of DSI I would say at Edwards. And then that triggered basically our ability to relook at the baghouses in the need for those versus upgrades to our precipitator. So the CSAPR rules were certainly the cause of the decision to shut down Meredosia and Hutsonville, but that lead to sort of a chain of decisions that led to reduced capital costs at our Edwards facility.
Thomas Voss: Yeah. David, I do believe that it does include the transmission Doug you have the base line number or no.
