Michael Moehn: Yes. Good morning, Shahriar. Marty said as well in terms of the capital plan itself, Shahriar, and we've talked about this, I mean, I think that it's great to start getting some clarity here around these different projects. And as Marty said I think some of this could even benefit the five year plan, as we have indicated we're going to step back. And what we typically do with our cadences, will update all this in the February timeframe. And my sense is this has got the ability to be accretive to our five year capital plan, as well as just additive to the overall runway, as we talk about the growth story. I think as we, if you kind of remember, if you reflect back on the $48 billion that we have there now that number used to be $40 billion, we captured about $5 billion associated with transmission projects, it was broadly to try to look at these LRTP projects over the next 10 years. So, I think we got it in there. And now, it's a matter of where it just ends up by year, if that makes sense.
Michael Moehn: Yes, I think Marty, I think at a high level you gave it good justice there. I mean, I think overall, we do see it as being manual. There are a lot of moving pieces here. So I think that's why we're really trying to stay away from the specifics, but as we look at it and model it out we do think as Marty said both from a cash flow as well as any sort of impact, Shahriar, our FFO to debt metrics, that it definitely is something that's manageable. And I think the important thing to remember is just that the net benefit to customers just from an overall credit standpoint, certainly on the Missouri side, as you think about this clean energy transition that we're about to go through.
Michael Moehn: Yes, thanks, Julien. This is Michael. Look, inflation, it certainly we're in a little different environment today. But I mean, I think we've talked historically, and we've showed you a couple of times, even have a slide, I think that went through 16 through 21. And our overall operating costs were down about 3%. And so, look, we remain focused on it, you referenced this Missouri rate review that we just filed here. I would tell you that that's really predicated on a lot of capital investment within the Smart Energy Plan, we outlined, and I think the benefits that customers are getting associated with those investments. And obviously, it's also being impacted by what we just talked about with respect to Rush Island, and the net fuel costs and operating in that plant in a more limited fashion as well. So when you really cut through what's going on in case, it's not, it's really not about O&M costs, which I think is a testament to what this team has been doing in terms of just looking for ways to continue to hold down costs wherever possible. So in the present environment, I think we're managing well through it. As we noted, on the call, we had some O&M was up, but it was really driven by some one time things between the COLI performance towards some storm costs. And when you cut through it, it certainly lines up with what our expectations were on the February timeframe, we released guidance.
Michael Moehn: Yes, sure. Look, I do. Yes, absolutely, I keep my comments consistent with already been in the past. And that's Marty and I and the rest of the team is very focused on these costs, and doing all that we can to control what we can control. And look, we aspire to keep these O&M costs. I think we said this for the really flat over the five year horizon, if at all possible, it's obviously, and it’s a bit more challenging in this environment. But again, as we look to our capital plan, we look to the investments that we're making in automation and digital and smart meters. I mean, we're using all of those things to increase productivity, lower costs where we can and we're going to stay focused on it and just do absolutely all that we can because we know again what it means to our customers, we understand we talked about this from a capital perspective for every dollar of O&M we reduce we can spend the equivalent $7 of capital and so, it is certainly top of mind, and continuous everyday focus here.
Michael Moehn: Andy, we haven't actually said, I mean, you're right, we've been on kind of a two year cycle here at this point. And look, I mean, we obviously we want to continue to stretch these out as much as we possibly can. But just given the pace that we've been on from a capital standpoint two years has been sort of what the required paces be, needed to be. I think the only other thing to just keep in mind is that we are required to file every four years just because of the fuel adjustment clause, but otherwise we do want to try to stretch them out as long as we can.
Marty Lyons: Shahriar, this is Marty. And I think Michael touched on a good thing as we started the year we looked ahead to Q2, and we noted that there were going to be some important updates in Q2, and I think that's exactly what came through in terms of the Integrated Resource Plan in Missouri that indicated about $2.7 billion of incremental spend between now and 2031. And then, as Michael said, the LRTP, adding another $1.8 billion of expenditures that we have signed to us, as well as this potential for $700 million of additional competitive projects. So as Michael said all those things gave us confidence to add that $8 billion to that long-term capital expenditure outlook.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Jeremy, good questions. You've certainly will look to compete for the $700 million if there are other projects that are competitive, certainly we'll take a look at those as well. We're not limited to these. But of course, as you know, in many of the surrounding states you have entities with rights of first refusal. So, look, we feel good about the ones that have been assigned to us. I can't emphasize that enough. That's $1.8 billion we feel great about, and we'll go after the $700 million if we see other opportunities, we'll certainly look to compete in those as well. I wouldn't speculate right now, Jeremy, on in terms of any incremental investment beyond these, these are the estimates that really came from MISO. And as we indicated in our call, prepared remarks we'll certainly be looking to next steps is really work on more refined design, procurement, the regulatory approvals, et cetera. And give updates on what we think the overall value of these projects are, perhaps when we get around to February and update our overall plans, but for now, we think these are the best estimates to be able to provide.
Marty Lyons: Yes, good question. Look, we, we gave pretty good update in our prepared remarks on Rush Island. We did indicate that design and procurements underway with respect to the upgrade projects that MISO had approved. I mean I think our best estimate today, and this was a bit of a broad range, probably in the $100 million to $150 million range. And but like I said, we'll be able to refine that further as we go through the design and procurement activities.
Marty Lyons: Yes so as it relates to the CSAPR rules, look, it's something we're not only monitoring but engaging with EPA in terms of providing comment. Of course, Merrimack is retiring this year, Rush Island is, as you mentioned, looks like it's going to retire in the 2024 to 2025 timeframe. Again, we don't expect the transmission investments to be fully completed until 2025. As we noted, we have proposed some limited operations between now and then between now and when the plant would ultimately retire all subject to the court's ruling in terms of operating parameters as well as the ultimate closure date. But certainly going to significantly reduce NOx emissions as we ramped down towards closure of that facility. So I think the focus really becomes, Julien, that on NOx controls, at Labadie and Sioux, and I would remind you there that we've made significant investments over time in terms of NOx controls, and we're more than complying with all the current standards that are out there. So with respect to the proposed additional rules I think we'll wait to comment on specifically what the impacts will be at Labadie and Sioux over time, until we get the final rules, which we expect to come out next March. But I will tell you that what we'll be doing and we are, we're analyzing strategies for compliance, and making sure that we get the full benefit of the controls that we do have in place today at Labadie and Sue.
Marty Lyons: Yes, I guess I don't want to speculate that on, Paul, I think that it's obviously a process that we're still we're working through with court and the court proceedings and so we laid out for you on slide 9 the facts as they stand today and certainly wouldn't speculate if we get to that that crossroads, I would point you on slide 9, we said that with respect to the court, the March 31, 2024 compliance day remains in effect, unless extended by the courts. So the courts got that ability and certainly don't want to speculate as to what the court will or won't do. And we'll let these proceedings play out.
Marty Lyons: Yes Paul, I guess I don't have a specific comment on wind curtailments and something we can follow up on you, follow up with you on. That said what I have seen recently is a map of these tranche 1 projects overlaid against where we're seeing congestion across MISO. And I will tell you, there's tremendous alignment there meeting these plan projects and tranche 1 really align well with where we're seeing congestion across the footprint really promised to alleviate some of that congestion. And I think that's why if you go back a year or so ago, [Worter] made a comment about these being, I forget the word he use, but kind of no brainer projects or something like that, and no regrets projects. And I think what he really meant by those is that whether we proceed towards future one, two, or three in MISO these projects are very foundational, no matter where you go, and they're needed today to address some of the congestion that we're already seeing within the MISO footprint. And the look ahead to tranche 2, 3 and 4 especially based on what we're seeing coming out of this IRA legislation I think is really going to push us beyond that future one to more of like a closer to a future two kind of outlook. And my sense is that some of that'll end up getting baked into the extent of the projects that are approved in future tranches, including tranche 2, which is still expected to be approved by late next year. So again, don't have a specific comment on your question about what we're seeing currently. But to your question about these transmission projects and the need to alleviate congestion issues we're seeing absolutely they aligned very well.
Marty Lyons: I really think MISO is going to do their best to make sure that there are very clear scope and design and construction expectations and attributes such that you can really get apples-to-apples comparisons in these bids. And I gave a fairly extensive answer to a question earlier, at the end of the day, I just want to reinforce, I mean we really do believe that we're well positioned to efficiently build, operate and maintain these assets over time. But it is our expectation that there'll be every effort made to ensure there's apples-to-apples comparisons.
Marty Lyons: Hey, Neil, it’s Marty. Absolutely, we laid out in this updated Integrated Resource Plan some pretty significant ambitions in terms of addition of renewables. We’re talking about 2,800 megawatts through 2030. 4,300 megawatts by 2035. And we've filed a couple of CCN is related to that, as you know the Boomtown project, Huck Finn project, a couple of projects we outlined on this call, but there's a long way to go in terms of the addition of renewables. So we have issued a request for proposal, and we're evaluating the best options for our customers. As we've discussed with you and others over time Greenbelt remains a project that is of interest, primarily because of the opportunity to bring wind energy from the West, the Kansas region, for example, into Missouri for the benefit of our Missouri customers, and, in fact, in our integrated resource plan had highlighted the potential to utilize that line to bring in as much as 1,000 megawatts of wind energy. So it is something that we continue to evaluate, and we'll evaluate as we look at the opportunities for renewables that come out of this RFP, ultimately, as you know, we want to make sure we pick the right projects for our customers from the standpoint of affordability, and good mix of assets to meet their needs over time.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Neil. So in our updated integrated resource plan that we filed in June, we actually added a 1,200 megawatt combined cycle plant by 2031. And the idea there is to get to our net zero emissions by 2045. The idea would be to construct that with an eye towards transitioning to hydrogen or hydrogen blend with carbon capture retrofit by as early as the 2040 timeframe. So it's with regard to that project is specifically that we think about that.
Marty Lyons: Great. Hey, thank you all for joining us today. I hope what you heard is we have a very strong start to 2022. We're looking to finish strong for the remainder of this year and we remain focused on continuing to deliver significant long-term value to our customers. The communities that we serve and to our shareholders. And so anyway, we look forward to seeing many of you at conferences over the next couple of months and we again, appreciate you joining us. Have a great day.
