Martin Lyons: Yes. Julien, taking your question in terms of the cadences, when would the CapEx occur relative to our plan. I think with regard to all of these projects, our objective is to get them in service by the end of 2020 in order to take advantage of the production tax credits depending upon how we finalize negotiations. For example, if they were ended up being build-transfer agreements, then, likely, the CapEx would really occur in that 2020 time frame. And again, the goal here is approximately 700 megawatts or at least 700 megawatts with approximately $1 billion of overall spending.
Martin Lyons: Yes. Paul, this is Marty. We have not said specifically what we expect the impact to be. Over time, as we file the -- for the certificates of convenience and need and updates, the commission on our plans for compliance with the Renewable Energy Standard, we'll certainly provide that information to them. Overall, what we have said, which is consistent with the law, is that we do believe that we can ultimately own the 700 megawatts to comply with the Renewable Energy Standard, that the overall investment it'll make and the impact on customer rates would result in rates, on average, rising less than 1% on average over a 10-year period -- projected period, following the wind being put in place. And that's really a requirement of the Renewable Energy Standard. That's not to say, however, that we expect that rates would rise that much necessarily on average. As you note, there could certainly be expected benefits from the wind over time depending especially on what power prices are over time. So in any event, we haven't said specifically, but we will be providing those updates to the commissions through time. And we do expect that, like I said, we'll be able to deliver these projects and keep the impact on rates that -- under that 1% average.
Martin Lyons: Paul, this is Marty. It would largely be additive. Look, we need to bring the wind into the portfolio for compliance with the Renewable Energy Standard. And we've said that to the extent that this legislation passes, we will invest more in the State of Missouri. We've talked frequently about this potential for $1 billion of investment over a 5-year period. So we said repeatedly, we will invest more in Missouri. We've not said exactly what that growth rate would be. And we said that, overall, as a company, we would step back, however, and take a holistic look at our capital expenditure plan. We may make some modification to our overall 5-year spending plan. But largely, this -- that $2 billion would be additive.
Martin Lyons: Yes. Michael, this is Marty. I think the -- look, our growth rates, as you know, are pretty robust in Illinois today. I mean, we've got 12.3% kind of growth rates for gas. We've got 8.4% for electric distribution. And our transmission business, overall, is growing at about a 12% compound annual rate. And there's a significant amount of that, that's actually in the Ameren Illinois business. So already growing at pretty good clips. As we look ahead, we do see a continuation of strong growth in all of those areas. In general, I'd say, there's still quite a bit of investment to be done for replacement of aging infrastructure, for reliability as well as capacity additions and safety. The electric business, obviously, substation, transformer replacements, underground replacements, line rebuilds, poor replacement, various grid modernization of the gas business, transmission replacement, regulator station rebuilds, coupled steel system and gas storage filled compressors, et cetera, so there's a lot of investment over the next 5 years and beyond, as it relates to those businesses. Same thing transmission as it relates to aging structures, shield wire conductors, transformers, breakers, switches, et cetera. So there's a lot of components that are in need of modernization and it's -- that investment opportunity extends beyond the five years. I don't know if there's really anything specific to point to. We've been waiting for some new regulations in the gas business for some time now that may cause us to increase even further level of investment there we have in terms of modernization of our infrastructure. But certainly, the expenditures that we've got planned over the next 5 years and beyond should put us in a good position in terms of compliance with those rules. But that is one of the things, obviously, to look for as you think about future investment.
Martin Lyons: Yes. What we're seeing there is, we took on more of that this year in light of the fact that there was no Callaway refueling outage. So in terms of that type of expense, I would expect to see that drop down as you move into 2019. But as I noted in February, I wouldn't really consider those to be onetime expenses, and I don't really think that we should look at those as something that's occurring this year, but won't reoccur next year. It's something that the amount varies from year to year. And I think you'd expect that we would do more of that in a non-Callaway refueling year. So I guess, bottom line is, Michael, I would expect some further expenses of that nature next year, but, perhaps, not at the level that we're seeing this year.
Martin Lyons: Yes, Kevin. This is Marty. At -- the Ameren Illinois would really reflect the capital structure of that legal entity, so I would say to assume that going forward. And of course, it's a holistic business, Ameren Illinois with gas, electric and transmission. As we noted earlier, both in the gas and the electric distribution businesses, we're targeting a 50% equity ratio there in keeping with the agreements we have for ratemaking under both of those 2 areas. So again, Kevin, I would look, as you look ahead of today and in the future, I'd simply look at the equity ratio for the Ameren Illinois business overall.
Martin Lyons: Michael, probably in the details with the regulatory filings, those things are probably embedded. But I'll be honest with you, off the top of my head, I don't have that number. And I do think that the actual timing of the flowback is somewhat still up in the air as it relates to -- especially in Missouri where we don't yet have a definitive time line on -- or amount that would be flowing back to customers. So that's something, Michael, I just don't have at the top of my head. We can see if we can provide that to you over time. But I don't think either -- that we have it in our 10-Q that we plan to file, either. So that's maybe something we'll have to provide you over time.
Warner Baxter: No, it's not, Julien. It's really just the status of our ongoing negotiations. So we have ongoing negotiations with multiple developers, and that's just how we see the time line unfolding this year in terms of completing negotiations and getting CCMs filed. It really does not have anything to do with the nature of the ultimate agreement, whether it be a build-transfer or otherwise. It's really just the situation where you're negotiating with multiple developers for multiple sites. Yes, but at the end of the day, the goal with respect to all 700 is to get that -- those megawatts into service, providing value to customers in the 2020 time frame.
Warner Baxter: Julien, this is Warner. I'm not quite sure if I understand what you mean by options, but let me just tell you what we're focused on. We're focused on Senate Bill 564, which now has passed all the -- received approval by all the necessary legislative committees. It is now very well positioned for a final vote with the House -- in the House of Representatives. And so as you've been following this, I know you have, there's been a great deal of hard work, collaborative efforts and compromise to get this bill to where it's positioned now. And along the way, every time this bill has been reviewed by one of the committees, it has received strong bipartisan support. And so now, we have until May 18. And so Michael Moehn and his team are very focused on working with key stakeholders to make sure that bill gets adequate time in the floor and a vote in the House of Representatives.
Warner Baxter: Because the bottom line, we've talked a lot about bipartisan support. I think it's important to recognize that key stakeholders from across the state support this legislation. And so at the end of the day, we remain hopeful that it'll have an opportunity to have this bill now and debated with [indiscernible] on the floor of the House by the end of the legislative session.
Warner Baxter: So Michael, this is Warner. There has been a bill that went out on environmental matters that went out that was approved, but it hasn't been signed by the Governor. Michael, why don't you talk about the...
Warner Baxter: Yes, Paul. it's a good question. It's, honestly, about $0.01 to $0.02 in terms of the timing impact.
Warner Baxter: Yes, exactly. So the natural gas segment earnings were up about $0.04. And like I said, $0.01 to $0.02 of that would reverse over the remainder of the year.
Warner Baxter: Yes, yes. I think that's a fair assumption in terms of those overall expenses. When we talked -- when we gave our guidance in the beginning of the year and we said higher O&M in Missouri of $0.14 and we talked about the scheduled nonnuclear outages, which you're right, would generally occur in shoulder months. Also talked about timing of vegetation and management, routine line inspections, which would be more ratable for the year. But you're absolutely right as it relates to the outage cost.
Warner Baxter: I think, Kevin, given the spot, obviously, we've reported out today, both in our prepared remarks and our Q&A sort of the status for the ongoing wind negotiations, they're again looking to file CCNs some by June 30, some by later in the year. We've updated you on the situation in terms of the legislation. Look, I mean, as we look ahead, I think it'd be reasonable to assume that we might update the plans as early as the third quarter call. But then, again, as has been more typical, we've done that in conjunction with our year-end call. So I think we will -- again, we're progressing well on both of those initiatives, but I think we'll let both of those things play out a little further and be thinking again, either late this year or early next in terms of an update.
Michael Moehn: I would just going to add, assuming the legislation is passed, just to be clear, within 90 days, we will be refunding that amount back to customers. And so that's spelled out in the legislation very clearly.
Michael Moehn: Yes. And we would have to go through the normal rate proceeding process to figure that out and, ultimately, get that back to customers. That's correct.
Michael Moehn: No, other than, again, just to reiterate that it has continued to experience, I think, strong bipartisan support. As Warner said, it's been through all the various committees, the House Utilities, House Rules. So it's on the calendar and can be debated at any time. And we certainly remain optimistic it will be debated with -- within the next week or so.
Michael Moehn: Well, look, I think that with the issues in the past, we've had difficulty getting Senate votes. This is a Senate Bill in the House. I think that's just important to recognize. So we did, going back to February, had a long filibuster and, ultimately, a good compromise and a bill that came out of the Senate, 25 to 6, again, a strong bipartisan support. And again, it's gone through the various committees. So we have never been this close, never been this far through the process. And so again, we remain hopeful that it certainly gets debated within the next week or so. I think the support is there for it. Clearly, the benefits are there for the State of Missouri in terms of what we've talked about in the income tax refund, obviously, the rate freeze, the rate cap, the investment in the State of Missouri, the creation of jobs, the economic development riders, et cetera.
Michael Moehn: Warner's commenting on a bill that's specific to us. I mean, obviously, I think the State of Missouri continues to conduct its business. I think there's bills being passed, and I can't comment on what the Governor has signed or not signed. But I do know that the legislature can [indiscernible].specifically, as Warner said to us, we passed a bill related to some coal combustion residuals last week.
Michael Moehn: This is Michael Moehn. With respect to the caps, the 2.85% that you referenced, yes, I mean, the $1 billion incremental investment we've talked about, the wind investment, we are assuming all of those that underneath the 2.85% cap. And obviously, we'll have to continue to manage things closely as we have been from a discipled cost management side. But absolutely, you should be expecting a return on those investments.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I mean, we filed a filing back in 2016 that outlined $1 billion. And I would say that we continue to refine that and make sure that we got exactly the right projects. But that gives you a pretty good glimpse on where we're headed on grid modernization.
