Marty Lyons: Yes. Paul, this is Marty. We commented on that right there at the end of our prepared remarks. That case, I wouldn't say has any direct impact on the MISO ROE complaint cases, but of course the methodology that the FERC used to determine the outcome of the first complaint case and also underscored the ALJ's decision in the second complaint case. We are certainly in line with that methodology that the FERC used in the New England case. So again, no direct impact, but of course the methodology did underlie the findings of the FERC and the ALJ, as I mentioned. So as we look ahead, we suspect that once the FERC has a quorum and they look to decide on the second complaint case, they will want to take into consideration the court's findings in the first case as they think about how they will rule in the second. And it's hard to predict, but we suspect that it could end up factoring into the timing in terms of the FERC's in the second case.
Marty Lyons: Well, I think in our cases, like in the New England case, I mean they have to do both, right. They have to determine that the existing rate is unjust and unreasonable and then secondarily determine that the new rate is properly supported by the evidence in the record. So I think both of those things apply in both of the cases. And so I think when they look at those cases, they will be taking both of those things into consideration.
Marty Lyons: Yes. I assume you are specifically talking about the electric distribution. But absolutely, what the customers in Illinois are seeing as a result of the investments we are making are both improvements in reliability and decreased costs overall as a result of the investments we are making. And I would also note that over time, the customers rates are also being positively impacted by the lower power and capacity prices that we have been seeing in the Illinois apart from the positive impact of the investments that we are making in the Illinois electric distribution system.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Look, I don't have any specific comment on what Dynegy is seeking. I will say this that today it seems like with respect to capacity that we have the resources in Illinois to serve our customer's need, that I think is evidenced by the low capacity price that we saw this year. Longer term, however, we are certainly concerned about capacity adequacy, reliability and volatility of rates for our customers and as we have in the past, we stand ready to work with all parties in terms of resource adequacy for the State of the Illinois.
Marty Lyons: Yes. So Andy, this is Marty. Absolutely. I think if you refer to slide 10, you will probably get the best picture of that overall in terms of how we expect the impacts to occur. Obviously the first element, which is the $92 million overall increase in rates, which was about 3.5%in terms of customer rate increases, the primary driver. And I would say this year just because of the timing of our rate structure, which we have higher rates in the summer months, about 80% of that will be realized this year. But if you look at slide 10 and you look down the list, one of the other elements of the case was the net base fuel costs that are embedded in the rates were lowered. That becomes the base on which any prospective changes in net fuel and purchase power costs are measured. And then lastly, we saw lower amortizations or lower base for things that are amortizations that reflected in riders and trackers also reduced by about $26 million. So those are the primary impacts. We list those in the slides. It's the $92 million rate increase. It's $54 million of reduced net base energy costs and then the $26 million of lower net amortizations. And as you see on slide 10, we list out some of those components.
Marty Lyons: Yes. That's a good point too, Andy. That is the nine month impact. And so as we look ahead to next year, we would see the full annualized impact of that. That's why I mentioned on the $92 million, it's about 80% of that's realized this year. On the other two, it's about three quarters, about 75% realized this year.
Marty Lyons: Yes. The rate increase was $92 million, like I said, which is about 3.5%. But then on slide 10, we show you the overall impact.
Marty Lyons: It is. I understand your question now. When we came out with our guidance for this year, certainly that we had reached the settlement amongst the parties and we believe that the guidance range that we provided accommodated that outcome. Andy I think as you think about the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year and what we are seeing here today, we have had about $0.08 of negative weather in the first quarter. And as you think about when we provided you that guidance, which was midway through February, certainly we had a sense that weather hit was very mild and that there were some negative impacts. We also had a sense of this constructive settlement that have been reached. However, the Commission had certainly not yet ruled on it and we really didn't know definitively when the rate increase would go into place. So when we gave that guidance, we certainly felt like the range that we gave was appropriate given the multiple things we had in front of us there. As we look ahead for the remainder of the year, when you think about the first quarter and if you look ahead, in the first quarter we had about a negative $0.08 of weather and that was offset when you think about the first quarter by this change in the timing of the revenue recognition in Illinois. But the Illinois item is simply a timing item whereas the weather is more permanent, if you will, unless we see some weather variation in the next nine months. So as we look ahead at the guidance, we obviously left our guidance unchanged and as we think about it, we expect that negative impact of the weather to be overcome in part by constructive outcome in the rate case and the timing of the rate increase, but also by continued financial management and disciplined cost control.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Thanks Leslie. This is Marty. Yes, we actually adopted that accounting for stock-based compensation last year in the first quarter. And last year, if you look back, which we were pretty clear about, we had a $0.09 benefit from adoption of that standard in the first quarter of last year. And that really gets to a difference between the value of what employees received at that time versus what had been recognized previously in earnings. So there is a $0.09 benefit last year. This year the benefit was $0.02. And therefore the delta is a negative $0.07 year-over-year.
Marty Lyons: Absolutely, Leslie. Yes. That's right. So when you look at, it is lower here in the first quarter. I think it was around 35% and changed in terms of the effective tax rate, but we expect 38% for the full year.
Warner Baxter: Andy, this is Warner. I can be happy to address that. Number one, as you rightly said, we never comment on any rumors or M&A activities or speculative transactions, right. But as I said before and I will say it again, I want to be clear, we remain very focused, very focused on executing our strategic plan and that strategic plan is all about organic growth in our regulated business. It's all about executing that rate base growth that we talked about. And that plan has delivered strong total shareholder returns over the last three years. So that's where our focus is.
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is Warner. I will take a shot at it. Now, I will address both on them in terms of the bigger picture and sort of the dejà vu comment as well as sort of filibuster. Number one, it may feel like dejà vu, but I will tell you from my perspective, we have consistently made progress in advancing the discussion on important energy infrastructure legislation that will support investment. And I think what we have seen over the last two sessions has been that just meaningful progress in terms of stakeholder support, but also legislative support. And so of course, if it doesn't advances session, we are going to be disappointed. But from my perspective, what we have done in the Missouri legislature working with our other utilities across the state is make sure they understand the clear opportunities in terms of what's important to modernize the energy grid, but also those opportunities that those investments will create jobs. I think this is why you see such strong bipartisan support. This is why you saw we come out of Senate Commerce Committee with such a strong vote. Unfortunately as you rightly point out, we have had some challenges in avoiding the filibuster. And so in terms of the filibuster, there are two ways to address a filibuster or probably maybe three. Number one, you try and minimize the number of folks that are willing to filibuster and from our perspective, that number has meaningfully decreased from where it was in the past. Secondly, what you hope to do is try and find a compromise with those folks, but if not, then you need to be given adequate pour time to try and drive either negotiations or get something across the finish line. It's not unusual in the Missouri legislature. Filibusters do occur in other bills and frankly ultimately, sometimes they get passed, sometimes they don't. But the bottom line is, a filibuster doesn't ultimately kill everything that goes on in the Missouri legislature. Last but that least, there are rules that the Senate has available to it that could help the debate on the bill. But as we have said before, those rules are used pretty infrequently. But there are ways to address it. First and foremost, we try to do it in the constructive fashion and find good compromise that creates a win-win for everybody. So as we look forward then into the next legislative session, as I said on my comments, while we may be disappointed if Senate Bill 190 does not advance the session, we are not going to be deterred because we think it's absolutely critical to continue to advocate for important energy and economic policies. They are in the best long-term interest for our customers and the entire State of Missouri. I think when you look at the work that we have done and the growing body of evidence across the country that these regulatory reforms are truly driving customer benefits and creating jobs, those kind of things will continue to put us in a very good position whereby constructive regulatory reform can ultimately be passed in the State of Missouri. That's my perspective.
Warner Baxter: No. Well, Paul, what I said, we said it's unlikely. We have till May 12. So time is short. And so because of that I think it creates, it's very challenging for that Senate Bill 190 to get passed this legislative session.
Warner Baxter: You never say never. And we still, as I said also, that we are still trying to work on the constructive path forward with key stakeholders but the time is ticking.
Warner Baxter: No. I don't know that there's really rule of thumb. If you look back at some of our prepared remarks today, you will notice some of the mention we gave to the improvement in reliability as well as some of the annual value that customers are realizing as a result of the broad infrastructure investments that we are making and we will continue to update those over time, Paul. I guess and I don't think I have a good metric for you and we will look at whether one of those exist, but clearly over time as we invest more in our smart infrastructure as we roll out more of our smart meters to our customers in Illinois, both the electric meters as well as the gas meter modules, we will provide continuing updates on the improvements that we are seeing in overall reliability and cost savings that we are bringing to the customers. And in the meantime, we will work with some of our folks in operations to see whether we can come up with some meaningful metrics that we might provide going forward in terms of the savings.
Michael Moehn: Well, I think the important thing associated with the legislative side is creating that consistency, right. I mean I think the uncertainty associated with the regulatory processes that you are looking for is some long-term investments to make and that's really what we see through the legislative process is giving us the window to do that. That's why we have been so focused on.
Michael Moehn: Yes. That's right. Just want to be clear that we are investing to maintain safe and adequate service here in the State of Missouri. There's no question about that. We are missing an opportunity I think to modernize this grid. And what we are doing in Illinois today, I think, is a great example. But we are going to continue to stay after this. But just want to be clear about the investments that we are making today in the State of Missouri.
Michael Moehn: Again, this is Michael Moehn. I think it's looking for that certainly. I think you said it well. I mean, as we said before, we are maintaining safe and adequate service. We are allocating where we can in other jurisdictions today. We will continue to look at all tools that we have in front of us, legislative or regulatorily and if we see an opportunity, we will certainly take it, but it is that certainty that we are missing today and we have better opportunities. But again we are going to continue to invest where we have to maintain the system that customers are expecting from us.
Michael Moehn: So we are going to continue to stay at it because we think it's simply the right thing to do for our customers, for the State of Missouri and our shareholders.
