Michael Moehn: Perfect. Julien, this is Michael. So I'll take a stab at this and then certainly Warner can add anything as well. But I mean, if I heard you right, you broke up a little bit there, but in terms of the higher costs that we saw in the first quarter, clearly, we're impacted by this company-owned life insurance, which we indicated in there, so that obviously provided a headwind. As you think back in terms of where we were at the beginning of the year, we talked about O&M costs being higher in general. We didn't guide to a specific number, we just said that we were going to be higher. Obviously, you have these headwinds that are occurring in the first quarter. As we think about all these COVID-related issues that we outlined in terms of what's going on with sales and bad debt, we are clearly focused on guiding to a lower O&M number today. And so hopefully, it gives you some context, not giving you the specifics of it. But clearly, we were higher O&M going into the year, got these headwinds. We've taken a number of actions, as Warner said, in terms of just managing headcount, obviously travel, conferences, watching overtime where we can, all those kind of things to make sure that we can keep a firm grasp on this.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I mean, you got the renewable standard here in the state of Missouri. You got 15% by 2021, but we'll be in compliance with that. That's what Warner is saying that no issues with that.
Michael Moehn: Yes, you bet. So look, we're looking and mindful of everything that's happening to the customers. They're looking at in terms of LIHEAP is providing, obviously, an unprecedented amount of dollars here. I think Warren mentioned as well that we have dollars that are being allocated, obviously, to energy assistance as well. But as we step back and look at and going back to '08, '09, you're right, I think that's a great place for us to spend some time. I mean, we've done a nice job of driving down bad debt expense over time. We're probably at about $8 million today in bad debt expense. If you think about '08, '09 time frame, you're probably closer to $14 million, $15 million. So that's probably a good proxy to think about in terms of a couple of cents, about $6 million in terms of headwind potentially associated with bad debt expense.
Michael Moehn: Got it. I appreciate the question. I think as you think about the long-term guidance, and if you think about the 350 as the midpoint for 2020 and you take the 6% to 8% off of that, Paul, I mean, you get to about a $0.35 range out there in 2024, so a decent size range. And I think that range accommodates a number of things, which I think Warner maybe even referred to earlier. I mean, it refers potential treasury outcomes, certainly rate case outcomes, the timing of CapEx, other things. I mean, there are a number of levers that can be pulled over time. I would remind you a couple of, I think, key data points just to keep in mind. I mean, for every 50 basis points move in that distribution business, it's worth about -- it's an impact of about $0.035. And the other thing to keep in mind, too, is, I mean, as you think about how we're allocating capital today and where rate base growth is going over time, I mean, you get out to 2024, that Illinois distribution business is only about 18% of the overall rate base. So those are things just to keep in the back of your mind as you think about different impacts associated with that $0.35 range. I don't know if Warner...
Michael Moehn: No worries. Good question. Certainly, it's not complicated. I mean, it really -- Illinois -- it doesn't impact the Illinois distribution business because of the formula rate nature of it. So where you do have a little bit of impact is on the Illinois natural gas side. And so really focused in on the primary piece of Missouri because that's where the biggest impact is just because of the nature of that regulatory regime.
Michael Moehn: Yes. No, Paul -- no, Jim. Historically, I think we maybe did guide to that several years ago. I think we kind of moved away from that a bit ago. And so again, just we have various internal assumptions in there. And again, as Warner stated, when we have a lot of different levers that we can pull, I know there's some sensitivity about just given, obviously, where that 30-year treasury sits today. But again, it's a $0.35 range, talked about the size of that overall distribution out there in 2024. I talked about the sensitivity to those rates. And so I think there are things that we continue to do to manage around that.
Warner Baxter: Yes. I think, Michael, you hit it right. So look, we're guiding down now from O&M expenses from where they were last year. And look, in looking at some of those things, Julien, clearly, we're mindful of several things. Of course, we're mindful of the expected impacts of COVID-19, which Michael did a nice job of outlining before. But of course, we're also mindful that we need to make sure we're delivering safe and reliable service to our customers. But clearly, we never lose our focus to earn as close to allowed return as possible. So when we think about all those things and providing that guidance, that's how we think about the O&M actions that we've taken.
Warner Baxter: Yes, not at this point. I think we're going to continue to monitor it. And as you can appreciate here, we're here in the first quarter. And so we'll continue to monitor operations for the rest of the year, so yes. But that gives you, I think, a good sense of the direction that we're headed.
Warner Baxter: Yes. So this is Warner. So in terms of regulatory obligations, really none by the end of this year. Of course, we're very focused on getting those done in a timely fashion, as we outlined during the call. But if some of the projects -- and we talked about, at this time, we think there's a possibility for $100 million of that second project to get pushed into 2021. That doesn't cause any particular regulatory challenges for us. So that's how I see that.
Warner Baxter: I think that's a good point. So maybe I'll add then a little bit more color because you had a specific question around how we might think about our investments in Illinois. So look, we're mindful of the fact that our return on equity in Illinois is below industry averages. And I mean, that's why we're supporting legislation that's going to add 100 basis points to the current 580 basis points to the 30-year treasury. And so at the same time, too, we recognized that we're currently in an, frankly, unprecedented period in our country's history that's obviously driving historically low interest rates. And so what I would say is that, look, we're not going to have a knee-jerk reaction to our investment strategy because the investments that we've been making in Illinois have been delivering value to both our customers and shareholders. But look, we're also going to continue to monitor the situation. And at the same time, Rich and his team, they're going to be relentless and trying to make sure we pass what we think is really good legislation for our customers, the state of Illinois and certainly for our shareholders. And in so doing, we're going to continue to advocate for fair returns on those infrastructure investments. And then so doing, too, we think if we continue to make them, they're going to deliver a lot of value to our customers. So that's the color, that's in terms of how we think about it right now.
Warner Baxter: Sure. Like I said before, we're going to be mindful of our returns in our businesses. We always are mindful about how we allocate capital. We obviously are very thoughtful and strategic and so doing. But at the same time, as I sit here today, we're not going to be making any predictions or knee-jerk reactions.
Warner Baxter: Yes. I think, too, Michael, just to add. I mean, so don't lose sight of the slide that we show up there about the robust pipeline of investment that we have across all of our enterprises that goes not just beyond this first 5 years, but the $36 billion in total over 10 years. So that's certainly a lever that we have. And of course, all along, we're mindful of customer affordability and those types of things. So look, we don't -- we never say anything is a lay up, right? But at the same time, we're going to be very thoughtful in terms of how we manage the business that drives value for our customers and value for our shareholders.
Warner Baxter: Yes, Jim. So this is Warner again. So I assume you're talking about our 2020 EPS guidance. And so look, consistent with our past practice, we just don't disclose where we're at within our guidance range, frankly, at any given time. And so the only thing I would say is that this team is focused and has a strong record of not just being focused but delivering within our guidance, and that's where we're going to continue to be focused in 2020.
