Warner Baxter: Good question, Julien. I don’t want to get into specifics in terms of the amount at this point. But if you take a look at the balance sheet, we have about $783 million I believe, of short-term debt that’s outstanding. And as you look through the K, you will see – or Q you will see that, that balance really resides up at the parent and its money that we have been borrowing on a short-term basis to fund these long-term investments we are making in transmission assets. So we feel now it’s a good time. As we said on the call, expect to refinance a substantial portion of that with long-term debt. But I don’t want to get into specifics on amount here yet.
Warner Baxter: Well, Julien, this is Warner. A lot of questions in there, so I think that to kick that off, we will let Maureen Borkowski, who is the President of our transmission operations give you sort of a general sense on some of your initial questions.
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is Warner. I will comment and then Michael Moehn, if he has any additional comments, I will ask him to join. But in terms of what’s different, I think there are a couple of things just to be mindful of. None of these things ultimately guarantee success, but there are some differences. I think number one, as we said before, we have seen very clearly the constructive outcomes that are resulting from the changes in the Illinois framework, constructive outcomes, which are benefiting customers and clearly benefiting the entire state of Illinois and so it isn’t just one year. We are seeing several years of those constructive outcomes and those are certainly notable. I think the second thing to be mindful of is that earlier this year, the Governor issued his comprehensive energy plan that included a host of things. But also incorporated in there was the recognition for the need to modernize the framework to support investment. So I think that too is something that will be I am sure a subject of discussion during the upcoming session. Certainly, I think when you look around at the nation and as you follow, I think it’s becoming clear as part of our conversations with key stakeholders across the state that Missouri is lagging behind in terms of their framework, their policies and their investment. So you put all those things together. I think those two are differences. Coupled with the fact that we do have new leaders, both in the House and the Senate and we look forward to working very closely with those new leaders, not just next year, but in the years ahead. So all those things I think are certainly, you asked for what were some of the differences, those are just some of the highlights, I would point out there. In terms of solutions look, the bottom line is that there are a lot of solutions that have been – that are out there that we have talked about in the past. But also ones that are being used, utilized across the country. So I think these are things that we look at, but more importantly we discuss with stakeholders because whether there is any legislative initiative that goes forward, it will be informed by those conversations with the key stakeholders across the state. So Michael, I will ask you if there is anything else to add.
Warner Baxter: I would say Paul, this is Warner again. Look I think as we discussed during our last call, there have been no decisions on the next Missouri rate case. And as we have said in our talking points, we will be mindful of regulatory lag and the need to file a rate case to make sure that we earn a fair return on those investments. So, no decision has been made, but we have to file a rate case within four years. And so generally speaking, that takes you – if that’s under the fuel adjustment cost provisions. And so that takes you out sometime until 2018 where we would have to file, but up until then, it is one of those things that we continue to study.
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is back to Marty again. Yes, we did talk about in the call that we expected to have some bleed over into 2016. And largely I think that will be a function of how 2015 programs wrap up. So, it’s premature to really talk about how much that maybe in ‘16. But we wouldn’t expect meaningful impacts from sales from the current programs beyond 2016. In fact, never really even when we did envision additional energy efficiency programs going forward, never really expected a meaningful effect on earnings when you look out to, say like a 2018 time period. So, short answer to your question, expect an impact from ‘16, expect that to be diminished as we get into ‘17 and again never expected really a meaningful impact overall in 2018. One thing why you are on that energy efficiency, Paul, but I do want to clarify, I am told that earlier in the call, I talked about the performance incentive we would receive in ‘16 and I may have misspoken and said that related to the 2013 to 2018 period. What I meant to say is it relates to the 2013 to 2015 program that we will be wrapping up later this year.
Warner Baxter: I think we have got that. If you look on Slide 16, where we give our fourth quarter earnings guidance, you will see down at the very bottom that we expected to be a slight negative impact on earnings in the fourth quarter by negative $0.01. So, we had about a $0.01 of positive weather last year and expect – you got it.
Warner Baxter: So Michael, I would just add, this is Warner that two things. We talk a lot about Missouri, but as Michael said it isn’t just in Missouri, it’s across our entire organization, which includes our business and corporate services. But I will tell you, we have a disciplined approach across all of our businesses, both in Illinois as well as in transmission. So this is something we work together as a team and something that we will continue to work out together as a team going forward.
Warner Baxter: David, I don’t think we can. I mean I think that in terms of exactly what those are we have certainly given, as you well know our planned rate base growth for 2019 that’s got transmission investments in there. Some of those are for NERC projects, especially those that are within Ameren Illinois. We don’t call them out separately. There are certainly NERC-related projects happening in Missouri as well. And then also, as we have mentioned, that while we got there 6% rate base growth out through 2019, it doesn’t yet – hasn’t yet been updated to reflect any of the $500 million to $1 billion of incremental projects that we are evaluating. As you know, it’s a third, a third, a third between Illinois distribution, electric distribution, gas distribution and FERC regulated transmission portion of those monies too could go to towards NERC reliability projects. But David, I can’t really break out within the current disclosed program over the $500 million to $1 billion specifically how much is NERC-related.
Michael Moehn: Well said, Warner. I mean I certainly wouldn’t want to overstate the importance of the comprehensive state energy plan, but really it was a thoughtful document, it was a collaborative process, really brought together through both utilities as well as environmental groups and others. And there are a number of recommendations in there about modernizing the electric infrastructure, enacting legislation that provides for accelerated grid monetization, performing Missouri’s utility ratemaking process. And so there really is a framework, I think to bring forth these discussions with a number of interested parties and trying to see that happen because there is a number of things in there they would like to get done as well. And so I think it really does provide a catalyst to try to put something forward.
Michael Moehn: Yes, sure. This is Michael Moehn. I think it was unfortunate that we thought we were addressing the Commission’s concerns. We had a number of parties that had actually signed on supporting our plan, but I was making down to a couple of things. It was really the Commission desire to apply and utilize an after the fact evaluation in measurement and verification process that really prevented us from recording the revenues associated with those lost sales. And there was also – they are very focused on reducing demand and our programs are really designed on reducing energy. And so those are couple of things that we just – we have to go back and think about it and see if there is a solution forward. These are important programs. They really have worked well. I think everybody has benefited from them, shareholders, customers. And so we would love to see them come back and so we are trying to be very thoughtful about that process and think about what the next steps would be here in the very near future.
Michael Moehn: Hi Michael, it is Michael Moehn. I think it’s – as we think about the program, we have had conversations about this in the past that it really is across the entire business. I mean I think that it’s anywhere from generation to the distribution side, to the overhead as well. And so we are probably 3 years, 2.5 years into this 5-year program. We are making great progress. I mean it’s really based on two things; workforce productivity and deploying technology to drive efficiency. There are obviously bigger areas based on where some of the spend is within energy delivery and some of the power plants, but it is equally being deployed throughout the organization.
Marty Lyons: I get your question. This is Marty again. So yes, we did have a seasonal rate redesign that did affect the timing of margins and earnings recognitions for the year. I mentioned that it was a $0.06 positive in the quarter. However, it’s mostly, I will call it repayment from prior periods. So, on a year-to-date basis – on a year-to-date basis, it’s a positive $0.02. And then we expect that $0.02 to go away through the fourth quarter. So, that by the end of the year, it’s flat with no net impact on net margins or earnings.
Marty Lyons: Didn’t really comment on that. What we said was that we plan to do long-term debt issuance at both the Ameren parent company level at this point as well as at Ameren Illinois here in the fourth quarter.
Marty Lyons: That is correct. The cost of long-term debt whatever that maybe at Ameren Illinois, would get picked up in the next regulatory filing.
Marty Lyons: Well, the way it works again, formulaically is we will true up our revenues this year based upon our actual cost of service this year, our year end rate base. And so we will factor that into whatever true-up that we do reflect. And then the filing we would make next April with the Commission would be to seek recovery of any differential or a refund to customers if that was appropriate. But again, the whole program is designed that there would be no lag. The revenues we reflect in each year are a function of that year’s cost and that year’s rate base and cost of capital. So, there is really no lag in Illinois in terms of an earnings perspective.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Greg. This is Marty. So, the incentive that we expect to recognize in 2016 is really for that full period, 2013, 2014 and 2015.
Marty Lyons: Well, as you look into 2016, that is correct. Those would be the two moving pieces, absent the new energy efficiency program put in place, there would be the bleed over impact into 2016 if the prior year’s programs partially offset by the expectation of these incentive payments.
Marty Lyons: As you look into 2016, those are the moving parts. If you look back historically, it’s been a function of not only the reduction in sales, but the net shared benefits that we have received that once the 3-year program ends those go away. So, it’s really – as you look into 2016, you do have the two components.
Marty Lyons: It was calculated on a – I guess a contemporaneous year basis, not exactly sure what you mean by that, but basically...
Marty Lyons: Yes. So, it was actually calculated based upon the programs and what incentives were actually provided to the customers and the expected benefits that were to be received from the customers over as a result of those programs. So, I think it was contemporaneous. What you do is you provide the customer an incentive. There would be an expected benefit there in terms of energy use savings and then a percentage of that was reflected in that year in terms of net shared benefits. And as we have shown in the slides, it was basically a present value of the expected benefits to be received from the customer from those programs offered in that year.
Marty Lyons: Michael obviously, we are not giving guidance today. We wanted to give you some of the overall moving pieces. So I don’t think I really want to get into quantifying the overall magnitude. We continue to work hard as we said on the call to leverage our continuous improvement efforts to be disciplined in our management of cost, be disciplined in our management of our capital and we are continuing to do those things. But I think premature at this point to really get into quantifying the pluses and minuses on 2016.
Marty Lyons: Gregg, this is Marty. I think we will – definitely, when we file our Q, which we expect to do later today, we will have that number. I believe the number is about $36 million. But check the Q for to be sure. And really that’s been reflected both at ATXI as well as in Amren Illinois, so it’s basically proportionate to the rate base that we have got in those two jurisdictions.
Marty Lyons: Yes. So if you actually look at the last page of our attachments to our press release, you will see a stats page and we are right around 50-50 debt and equity at the end of the quarter. And over time, that’s approximately where we want to be from a debt to equity perspective.
Marty Lyons: No, we didn’t comment on that earlier. In Missouri, this year, year-to-date, we have seen some growth, but it’s been modest. I think the residential customer accounts up about 0.3%, commercial customer account up about 0.7%. The industrial customer account unfortunately is down about 0.8%. But we have been seeing a little bit of growth in the residential and commercial areas in Missouri.
