Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced earnings for 2013 of $2.10 per share, compared to $2.13 per share for 2012. On a weather-normalized basis 2013 results improved over the prior year's results reflecting increased rates for Missouri electric and Illinois transmission service and increased Illinois electric delivery service earnings under formula ratemaking. The increase in weather-normalized earnings was achieved despite several negative impacts on year-over-year earnings comparison. These negative impacts included 2013 nuclear refueling outage expenses compared to no refueling outage in 2012; two 2013 charges related to regulatory decisions and the absence in 2013 of a benefit from 2012 regulatory decision. Marty will provide further details on earnings in a few minutes. Moving to page five. Last year was a pivotal one in the history of Ameren, and I would like to highlight some of our key 2013 accomplishments. First and foremost, we exited our merchant generation business to focus exclusively on strengthening and growing our rate regulated utilities. As we will highlight in a moment, we are very excited about our prospects with these businesses with divestiture of our Ameren Energy Resources business to an affiliate of Dynegy was completed in early December. Further, we closed the sale of our remaining operating merchant facilities, three gas-fired energy centers to an affiliate of Rockland Capital last month. The second major accomplishment was State of Illinois' enactment of legislation for which we advocated that supports our plans to invest in energy delivery infrastructure for the benefit of our customers and create jobs. This included one law that constructively clarified certain elements of electric delivery formula ratemaking, and the second law that established the framework for timely gas delivery rate adjustments for qualified infrastructure investments. Third, Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois attained a certificate of public convenience and necessity from the Illinois Congress Commission from portions of it's approximately $1.1 billion Illinois Rivers transmission project in 2013. And just yesterday the ICC issued a constructive order on rehearing, granting a certificate for all remaining portions of the project. Illinois Rivers is our largest current investment project and is a cornerstone of our plan to grow FERC-regulated investments. Fourth, Ameren Illinois received a December order from ICC authorizing increased gas delivery service rates that reflect planned investments that will enhance safety and service to customers. Fifth accomplishment of note was Ameren Missouri's successful implementation of the state's most expensive energy efficiency plan. This plan includes the range of programs and provides timely recovery of associated cost as well as the opportunity for us to earn the performance incentive to be collected after completion of the three year plan. Finally, 2013 was another year of strong operating performance at our utilities as well as disciplined cost management. Combining Missouri and Illinois electric distribution reliability as measured by the number of interruptions per customer served state a company record for the third year in a row, and Missouri baseload energy center performance remained solid with equivalent availability of 83%. I believe each of these accomplishments positions us well to execute our strategy; a strategy that we believe will deliver superior long term value for our customers and shareholders in the future. Speaking of the future, earlier this week we announced that I will retire from Ameren on July 1 of this year. In connection with my upcoming retirement, our Board named Warner Baxter President of Ameren and also elected him to the Board. On April 24, Warner will become CEO and on July 1 he is expected to be named Chairman. Warner joined Ameren in 1995 and he was promoted to Executive Vice President and CFO in 2003. Since 2009 Warner has served as President and CEO of our largest subsidiary Ameren Missouri and remains so until successor's name. I know that many of you already know Warner and share my belief that he is focused on providing value for both our shareholders and customers. Moving to page seven of our presentation, I will now turn the call over to Warner.
Thomas R. Voss: Yes, this is Tom Voss. I think we mentioned previously that the 55% to 70% payout ratio is what we hope for and we're somewhat at the high end of that this year. But the Board is very much engaged every quarter and looking at our earnings and our projections and they review it. And I would say that as we continue to grow earnings over this period, we hope to continue to grow our dividend.
Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Warner. This is my final quarterly earnings call for Ameren and I’d like to share a few thoughts. It's been an honor to lead this great company for these past five years. I’m pleased that during this time, our team developed a clear vision and strategy for the future and made significant progress on executing that strategy. My many years at the company have been very rewarding. I've always said that the secret a great career is to be able to say that you love what you do, while you do it, and who you do it with. I can tell you that I have really enjoyed working with our Board of Directors, our leadership team and coworkers for the benefit of Ameren shareholders and customers. I've also enjoyed interacting with so many of you in the investment community. Warner has been with Ameren for nearly 20 years and has served in a wide variety of leadership roles in Finance and Operations. I have absolute confidence in his ability to lead Ameren and that he will continue to execute on as well is enhance Ameren’s growth strategy.
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah, sure Julien. I think we provided these building blocks in the past and I’ll go through them again. I mean the rate base growth is the foundation. But then when you look at some of these one-items that I prefer or the regulatory impacts this past year, these are the charges that I outlined. The fuel adjustment cost charge that we had, the ICC redemption cost disallowance. You back out some of those, you build up your 2014 earnings then you can talk about and you look that reduction and compare other cost where we had about if you look at the income statement or look in the staff pages on the other. We had about $0.18 of drag this past year from those other costs which as I said on the call, we expect to get down to about $0.10 in 2014 and then you can realize some further savings into 2015. Then you think about where our rate base growth is going as we transition our rate base to a heavier emphasis on FERC-regulated transmission. You again and get a blended average return that's even higher and those are really the building blocks that get you up into that 7% to 10% range. And then add on top of that whatever you may for expected rising 30-year treasury yields over that period of time. But Julien those are the building blocks we’ve been providing and I think that 7% to 10% growth range that we’ve given is very much in alignment with the building blocks that we provided.
Martin J. Lyons: It really is incorporated within that current CAGR to the extent that in this five-year period, we plan to enhance the investment in the gas portion of our business. If you do look at the CapEx that we historically have provided which is 13 to 17 and then CapEx in this period 14 to 18. The overall I would say amount of capital expenditures of those five-year periods are about the same. But as you note there's been a bit added to the gas portion of the business and that really does reflect what we talked about last year that to the extent that we had a favorable legislation passed in Illinois, it would serve as the basis to invest more in that area for safety and reliability and that's been added to the mix.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure so maybe I’ll talk about that overall. We had in one of our slides target capitalization of around 50%. And on slide 16 of our materials, we laid out our free cash flow for the year. This year we’ve got negative free cash flow of about $800 million that's forecast. In terms of debt maturities, Julien, I think the one you're referring to is the Ameren long-term debt issue of $425 million that comes due in May and provides us with a nice refinancing opportunity. We’ve also got a maturity in Missouri, a little over $100 million, and in January, we actually did move to redeem some debt at Ameren Illinois of about $160 million. So, when you add those things together, that's total funding needs of about $1.5 billion. We plan to tackle that with a couple of debt offerings in Illinois this year which will -- we estimate will total about $600 million of long-term debt financings. We're planning the Missouri financing of about $350 million. And then with respect to the Ameren parent both for the debt maturity as well as some of the funding that Ameren will be providing to ATXI as it begins to build its transmission project, the Illinois Rivers project we plan at Ameren Corp. to have a mix of long-term and short-term borrowings. At this point, we're expecting a long-term offering that's something less than the current amount of the long-term debt that's out of Ameren Corp. So, something less than that $425 million. Julien as you think about the capital expenditures that we show on slide 16 and we think about the where we’re going to issue that long-term debt as I said of $600 million at Ameren Illinois, $350 million at Missouri. When we look at the capital expenditure, it’s pretty clear obviously that we have about $760 million in Ameren Missouri. At Ameren Illinois, we have $530 million for the energy delivery businesses, but it's also important to remember that a good portion of our transmission build is also within Ameren Illinois. So, when you break that $510 million of FERC transmission, what you find is about -- in addition to the $530 million, I guess overall at Ameren Illinois we've got about $800 million of capital expenditures at Ameren Illinois. So, when you think about where we're issuing that debt it’s really at Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri for the most part of this coming year. There at the end of 2013, our equity ratios and the cap structures when you get the 10-K and you look at that it was 53% or north or 53%, both of those legal entities. So, what will happen is we issue some of these debt is those equity ratios will trend down somewhat into the approximately 51% kind of range. And then overall, at Ameren, as you saw on our stats page, we’re a little above 50% in terms of our equity content right now. I would expect that as we fund ATX and build that out, we should slip maybe a little below the 50%, but then trend back to our target ratio over time.
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah. What we try to provide in terms of the longer-term guidance was just sort of a benchmark or an anchor point if you will. In Warner’s talking points, one of the things he said is that all of the things being equal in our plan if treasury rates were to stay constant, we would expect to deliver an earnings growth rates that was slightly below the midpoint of the range that we provide of 7% to 10%. It’s not necessarily our belief that treasury yields are going to stay at the current levels, but wanted to provide that as a bit of an anchor point. Otherwise within that 7% to 10% growth, Paul as we talked about, we think it accommodates a range of treasury rate outcomes if you will or sales growth levels, spending levels, whether the capital or O&M and regulatory developments. We feel like again, Paul the building blocks are the ones they laid out earlier. It’s the rate base growth, it’s the reduction of parent another cost, it’s the capital allocation to FERC-regulated transmission. Those are the things that are really going to drive the growth that we've got outlined.
Martin J. Lyons: No, I wouldn’t say it's necessary for this growth rate. I think the outcome of that however; I’d said is baked into our overall range of potential outcomes in terms of the 7% to 10%.
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah, I don't know that we'll get into all those specifics, but Maureen Borkowski is the Head of Transmission business was here with us this morning and I’ll give her the opportunity to make, if she has any.
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, this is Marty on that one. I think that really too soon to tell on that particular point. I will say that as we think about managing our overall capital expenditures, we're certainly mindful of impacts on customers rates, we're thinking about impacts on overall funding needs and we're also thinking about building a pipeline of investments beyond the five-year period that we've presented. So, too soon to tell, but that is certainly a possibility that if we added investment opportunities there in the short-term in Missouri that other investment opportunities may slide to beyond the period presented. But again, really too early to say that. We'll get through this legislation -- legislative season and see where we’re at and make those decisions in due course.
Martin J. Lyons: As I mentioned earlier on the call, we expect that the NOLs and the tax credit carry-forwards that we have to provide us a benefit out through the 2016 timeframe.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, you're right the growth between 2013 and 2014 is certainly significant and it’s driven by the items I highlighted. But Michael obviously you can do the math. As you look at our 2014 guidance range and you look out to the overall growth we've given out period 2018. But if you take that midpoint of 2014 and project out, you still got a really solid growth rate of around 6% to 9.5% in terms of where that range ends up. So, you're right there was a solid amount of growth in 2013 to 2014 and it moderate somewhat from there, but still very solid growth rate off 2014.
Martin J. Lyons: Michael just to reiterate or repeat what Tom said, which is that as we grow the earnings. We aspire to be able to grow the dividend. We're not giving out I'd say an expected timing or amount of growth in the dividend. But as Tom has previously said on prior calls, we don't necessarily think that we need to get into the bottom end of the range before we would grow the dividend. There are a number of factors that are considered. Tom laid those out a few moments ago. Just in terms of our earnings outlook, but also our capital funding, our cash flows, things of that nature. A number of those things are laid out as you've seen in our 10-Ks and 10-Qs that the Board considers, but -- I guess that's about what about to say on that.
Martin J. Lyons: Let's see if I can do my math here real quick. I think it's about that $510 million -- I think it’s about $270 million is Ameren Illinois and the remainder is ATXI.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Dan, this is Marty. Thanks for calling and thanks the question. You're right in terms of what we saw this past year. Of course the sales numbers that you see are -- on the stats page are affected by weather, but stripping out weather. We did see some growth this year in both Missouri and Illinois in residential and commercial categories. Overall, on a weather-normalized basis, we estimate that residential and commercial sales grew about 0.6%. Coming into the year that's about where we expect in somewhere between 0% and 0.5% of growth and so sort of towards the upper end of that range at 0.6%. We actually did see customer counts in both Missouri and Illinois go up in terms of residential and commercial customer count. So, that was certainly positive in 2013 versus the prior year. Overall, on industrial, we did see a decline in sales of about 3.2% overall. Missouri, which was positive up about 1% in 2013 in industrial, so that was a good sign while Illinois was down about 6%. And I spoke to that of the earlier calls that we've seen some weakness in Illinois in the manufacturing sector in metals and equipment, those types of things and unfortunately, in Illinois we've been seeing employment -- unemployment recently bump up while national average has been coming down and we've also seen unemployment in Missouri coming down. So, Illinois unfortunately in recent months have seen unemployment-wise and industrial sales wise to be trending in a negative direction. Missouri seems to be trending in a little bit of a positive direction. But looking forward to 2014, what we're expecting is a decline as we mentioned in the call in residential and commercial sales. And while we expect to see still slow improvement in the economy and jobs, housing starts et cetera, we do believe that both federal energy efficiency as well as state energy efficiency measures reduced sales and have -- and impacted reducing sales in 2014 compared to 2013. And as I mentioned on the call and our prepared remarks, it is important to remember that in Missouri, we do have an energy efficiency program whereby we’re -- made hole for the cost of our energy efficiency programs and even provided some incentives with regards to that. In 2013, we estimated that had an impact on our residential sales of about 0.8% and about 0.1% on commercial. And then as I said, we’re -- made hole for the cost of that. So as you think about 2014, you think about those impacts of the residential and commercial sales going down. They are mitigated in Missouri by what we call our MIA funding programs. As well as in Illinois, it's important to remember that under our formulaic rates, there’s a 50 basis points color around the earned ROE. With respect to industrial sales, we’re expecting really be down across the two states about 0.7%. We’re expecting to see declines in both states. In Missouri, it’s somewhat specific to some expected customer load that we do expect to see go away. And then in Illinois, I would say its -- continued concerns about general economic weakness.
Martin J. Lyons: I don't really have the year-end rate base. I think you can go ahead and calculate the ROE I think by referencing the number on the stats page. I don't have that in front of me either, the exact net income. But as we look ahead, as we mentioned, we do see the need for a rate filing which we expect to make in July. I think in our prior calls we’ve said in the second half and as I've mentioned before really a primary driver of that filing that we plan to make in July has to deal with a significant capital expenditures that we're making in Missouri. We talked about the electrostatic precipitators at Labadie; we talked about the Callaway reactor head that Warner just mentioned a little while ago, some of the solar installations that we're doing in Missouri as well. I think if you want to look at rate base, I think the closest is to maybe go back to page eight of our slides and we do have a year-end rate base pie where we break some of the information out. And I think you can find an estimate of the Missouri rate base at the end of 2013 there.
Martin J. Lyons: Bill I'd say that's one of the things that probably I’ll leave up to you to kind of factor in. You should look at your model. I mean -- what we plan to do here today was just -- again give this guidance range of 7% to 10%. There's a range of potential things that could affect our results that we outlined there that could put us into the upper or lower end of that range. In terms of the treasury rates, sales growth, spending levels, regulatory developments and we're simply same. We leave the option open as we encounter these various changes to issue shares as needed through the DRIP or 401-K. We don't really see the need over that five-year plan for a public equity issuance as we said in the slides. And we'll evaluate the need for the DRIP or 401-K on a year-to-year basis. You're right about the number that we previously said which is if we did I'll say turn that on, it would be about estimated $75 million to $100 million.
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah Greg and I'll let you do a follow-up. Yes and that would be answer that I gave -- this is Marty, by the way. As you know as simply coming off of the midpoint of our 2014 guidance and just looking at -- I mean you can -- as I said earlier, you can do the math if you’re taking the 2013 base in the kid the 7% to 10% growth out 2018, calculate a number and then bring it back to the implied growth off the 2014 midpoint. And you come up with a 6% to 9.5% kind of growth rate off of 2014 over that period.
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah. I think that Greg obviously we're trying to do on slide 15 is just provide some of what we considered to be the meaningful drivers of earnings considerations for 2013. As I said before, as we think about the Missouri electric rate case, we would plan to file that in July of this year, July of 2014. So you would expect the normal 11 month resolution with a rate increase in June. And so -- again we're time in the rate case certainly to pick up these large capital investments that we're making this year, but in the early part of 2015, given the Missouri regulatory framework, you would expect to have some regulatory lag of the results of those investments when you think about depreciation, property taxes, potential for some incremental O&M cost in 2015. And then the rate increase would kick in that June timeframe of 2013. And then you would lay out just a number of other drivers which we've got. As the formula rates in Illinois, the investments we're making there in both the gas and electric portions of our business and of course, the investments we're making in the transmission. And then as the reduction -- somewhat incremental reduction would expect to get in the parent and other costs going into 2013.
Maureen A. Borkowski: Yes, good morning with regard to the multi-value project that Ameren Transmission company at Illinois is building, those were approved by MISO for multiple reasons, basically to improve reliability, to enhance the accessibility of renewable resources, particularly wind, but also to improve the efficiency of the power market and that equates to congestion relief in the marketplace. So, yes that is the focus of those projects is to improve the efficiency of the markets as well as reliability of the customers.
Maureen A. Borkowski: I’m sorry, but it really don't have any information like that. Again MISO did a pretty extensive analysis to define what their entire portfolio across MISO footprint, what savings those might be, but I don't have anything specific to our system.
Maureen A. Borkowski: Yes. In January, the Midwest ISO transmission orders filed their response to the complaint requesting that FERC dismiss it because the complaint, it’s really had met the burden of that the rate is just unreasonable. They provided additional information as well about errors in the calculation in the complaint. At this point in time, others have also filed their responses, but FERC has not taken any action or set any kind of schedule. So, at this point time, we're really in a wait-and-see mode. We do have confidence though that the FERC Commission is still very pro-transmission development and they understand that the return on equity components are very important element of continuing to encourage transmission investments. So, we're hopeful that the outcome will be positive.
Warner Baxter: Hey, Paul this is Warner. I think in the bigger picture what we have said, if we have constructive legislation passed that supports investment in Missouri, we would put more money to work. And so if you look at SB 909, which is a little bit than that we saw last year, we step back -- we think we would have the opportunity to put the work incremental investments in Missouri of say $50 million to $100 million per year should that legislation get passed in its current form. So simple answer to your question is yes, we do believe that we could put more money to work and we think it's absolutely a very good thing for the State of Missouri and its customers.
Warner Baxter: Andy, this is Warner. With regard to Missouri, we're not putting all of our marbles into legislation. We have been working for years to align our spending and to be consistent with the existing regulatory framework in Missouri and we've been successful and that focus, that relentless focus on disciplined cost management will continue. So, there are a host of initiatives that we’ve taken and we'll continue to take including things like lean initiatives that are being taken place across our enterprise, coupled with again disciplined management of our discretionary capital. And as we discussed a little bit earlier, you put those factors together, we continue to believe that we’ll be able to align our spend with existing regulatory framework. Of course, as we said earlier, we're going to be going in for an electric rate case later this year to true up our rates as well as cost. And so that obviously will help and certainly help mitigate the regulatory lag that we're experiencing associated with the infrastructure investment in our enterprise. That's probably one of the biggest sources of regulatory lag that we have today and indeed SB 909 will -- is squarely about trying to address the regulatory lag associated with those investments. And Marty I think there's a question on capital investment. Andy if you could follow-up make sure -- 
Warner Baxter: So, when you look at our existing spend this year we have two major projects that we discussed a little bit earlier, the Callaway reactor vessel head as well as the precipitator project. We also have some new substations that we have to bring on. They are at their aging infrastructure and so we have to address some of those. As well is we have renewable energy project. The largest solar facility investor own facility in the State, we're going to get that done by the end of the year as well. So, looking ahead, we see that we have a need to invest incremental monies, discretionary monies into things like substations into things like our power plants, certainly in things trying to automate our system in a better way, and ultimately we'll have to address -- and maybe even meters that we use in Missouri. So, we see a real need in investing in our aging infrastructure and that's what SB 909 is all about to try and do that on a -- in a more timely fashion.
Warner Baxter: The reality is this as you know the legislative process; it's a dynamic process, so ultimately is always difficult to predict the prospects of the passage of any bill. I'll tell you what I do know. I do know that Missouri must make progress and really modernizing its framework to support investment. And if the message that is understood by many key leaders in the legislature and frankly, many stakeholders around the state and so as we continue to have more discussions with the general assembly in other key stakeholders around the state about SB 909. Our message is this is an important step forward. As I said before, there’s an incremental step, it’s an important step forward and it can start making progress on the aging infrastructure in Missouri. So, I'm not going to be able to hand cap. I’m -- we do believe that there will likely be some groups that will oppose the bill, but that's probably true with every bill. But one thing I can tell you our team is going to be very focused on this legislation over the next several months.
Warner Baxter: Thanks. I know it’s been a long call and I thank you for your interest in the company, but we do have a couple of closing comments. As I said at the outset, I'm very, very humbled and honored to follow in Tom’s footsteps. I think as you all know his strong leadership over these past five years has delivered tremendous value to our shareholders and I can tell you his leadership has also delivered tremendous value to our customers and all the communities that we serve. I think it's important to know that Tom's strong leadership has also positioned Ameren and our team to continue to deliver superior value to our shareholders and customers and frankly, the communities we serve in the future. He has demonstrated commitment to safety, diversity, and service to our shareholders, our customers and our communities as well as a generation of Ameren coworkers for 45 years it's simply unequaled. So, Tom on behalf of our entire Ameren team, I want to thank you for your tremendous leadership and I just want to personally thank you for being such a fine mentor and a friend to me. So thank you, Tom.
