Martin Lyons: Yeah. Jeremy, I appreciate the question. Look, as we said in the prepared remarks, we certainly believe we're well-positioned for projects that MISO has outlined that cross through our Missouri and Illinois footprints. But as we sit here today, we don't want to get ahead of the MISO in terms of their overall approval of their projects or the designation of which ones are brownfield or greenfield projects. So, we do expect that when they approve these projects in July, we expect that they will designate which ones are brownfield. They'll indicate which transmission owner has been assigned those projects. So -- and I would just say stay tuned. As I said, in the February call we'll, we expect to have more to discuss on our Q2 earnings call.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Thanks Jeremy. Yeah. We were actually very pleased that yesterday the legislature did pass Senate Bill 745, which was great. That's a bill that really extends the longevity of the smart energy plan, that we have in Missouri. And so, we're very appreciative of the strong support of the legislature with regard to that legislation. And I think it's a recognition that the investments that we've been making in Missouri, have really been producing good benefits for our customers in terms of safety and reliability of the service that we provide. And the fact that, we're really scratching the surface in terms of the investments that we need to replace aging infrastructure and modernize our equipment throughout our Missouri footprint. I think it's also a recognition of the economic development benefits associated with that legislation. We're having a positive impact as we invest on our economies, through the creation of jobs. We concentrate on using Missouri vendors substantially for the things that we procure and the things that we invest in. And there's some great economic development, incentive rates associated with this legislation that help Missouri businesses grow, as well as attract Missouri businesses to the state. So, we're really excited about the legislature passing Senate Bill 745. It now heads to the governor's desk for signature, and we're excited to be able to extend the benefits of the smart energy plan prospectively.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. I think -- I don't think with respect to that legislation, that there are any immediate impacts other than making sure that as we move forward in time to the extent that, there are greenfield transmission projects that -- owners of agricultural properties are compensated fairly for their property. I think that's the primary impact going forward.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Sure. There's certainly a lot there. I think, first of all, the backdrop to your question is that recently, we've been seeing higher power prices here in the Midwest. And then, recently as a result of the MISO capacity auction, we also saw capacity prices clear at high prices really at cost of new entry. And those higher costs of power prices as well as the capacity prices then will be borne by our Illinois customers, because we know it's a retail choice state. Typically, what we've seen is that various retail electric suppliers have supplied about 60% to 65% of our customers and then around 30% to 35% have procured their power through us. But when they do, of course, it's really the Illinois power agency that does the procurement of the power and the capacity. And as they've reported, those prices were elevated. And therefore, some of our customers are going to see meaningful increases in their bills starting here in June. So, I think, first of all, concern for our customers. We're trying to make sure that we provide education about the impacts of these higher prices, so that people know what to expect and they can take actions accordingly. And we're also in offering bill assistance where needed as well as, of course, reinforcing the opportunities under our energy efficiency programs, which are robust in the state. And then, some customers obviously will be still taking power through local muni aggregation programs, things of that nature that may actually not see bill increases immediately. But we are certainly concerned about those customers. I think, then, more broadly, I think you say, how does this resolve itself? I think that, first of all, as we go into the summer, there are concerns about just reliability. I would say when you see prices clear at [indiscernible], it's a sign that the resources to supply the load with cushion are tight. So, we expect that MISO will be tight this summer. We expect that the MISO itself that is ultimately responsible for ensuring grid reliability is certainly going to be doing everything they can, working with stakeholders as we head into warm weather situations to ensure that every possible resource available to supply customers. And certainly, we'll be doing all we can as a company, especially when we look at our Missouri energy resources to make sure that they're available and ready to go in the hot weather months. And so, again, I think that's some of the efforts in the short0term. In the long-term, we'll see how this plays out. I mean, with capacity prices, clearing account, it's a clear signal to the market that more is needed in terms of dispatchable energy resources to meet our load. And we'll have to see how all of that plays out. And we'll be working with stakeholders as appropriate throughout all of that to help mitigate that situation in the long-term. As a result -- as it relates to our multi-year rate plan, as Michael said, we're sort of marching towards a filing here in January related to that multi-year rate plan. That then, the Illinois Commerce Commission would rule on towards the end of 2022 with implementation -- or excuse me -- end of 2023 with implementation in 2024. As I said on the prepared remarks, we still have significant aging infrastructure in Illinois. The investments that we're making are producing improved reliability for our customers, ensuring we provide safe and reliable service. And I think, even what we're seeing in terms of the tight market situation in Illinois, an appropriate backdrop for continued investment in infrastructure, both transmission, as well as distribution infrastructure. So, we still see the need for the investments that we're making in Illinois and don't see any impact right now on the multi-year rate plan filing itself and moving forward with that from the backdrop that we discussed.
Martin Lyons: No real quantification of the benefits. You're right. In Missouri, right now, have length in terms of our generation profile. And to the extent that power prices are elevated provides an opportunity for us to enhanced margins and all of those margins -- 95% of them flow back to our customers in the form of reduced rates. So, no quantification of that right now, but you're right in terms of your thoughts on how that works.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Paul, it's hard to say at this point. I would say it's premature to conclude one way or another. I think what we're seeing right now is folks really digesting the news in terms of the power -- higher power and capacity prices. And what that means in terms of its implications for policy going forward, we will -- we'll see -- I think it's premature.
Martin Lyons: Well, with respect to Greenbelt, obviously, that's a project that's been underway for quite some time and has been progressing, and we had certainly anticipated that. One of the things that we've talked about in the past is last year -- or I should say in the fall 2020 when we filed our integrated resource plan, one of the things we did is assess the potential to utilize some of that capacity and wind in Kansas to meet some of our renewable goals and as part of our integrated resource plan. So, I think the biggest thing for us, Paul, is we think about that project -- when we think about the update to our integrated resource plan that we'll be filing in June, it's just the continuing optionality associated with that resource -- or those resources in potentially fulfilling the needs of our integrated resource plan. So, that's something that we will continue to assess as we move forward.
Martin Lyons: Well, I think you've generally got it. Missouri and Illinois though are not right of first refusal states, which is why that distinction between brownfield and greenfield is important. So, if it's a brownfield, which generally you should think of as new transmission on existing right of way, that -- we would then expect to be assigned to us as a transmission owner. And then, the question will be, are there segments of projects that are greenfield, which might be subject to competitive bidding. And that's what we'll wait to see as it comes out of the MISO's July approval of these projects.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Thank you all for joining us today. We're really pleased. We had a strong start to 2022. And we certainly, as Michael said, remain focused on continuing to deliver throughout the year for our customers, our communities and our shareholders. I'd like to invite all of you to attend our Annual Shareholder Meeting, which is being held on May 12th, and we look forward to seeing many of you at the AGA Financial Forum in the next couple of weeks. So, with that, thank you all, and have a great day.
