Warner Baxter: Yes. So thanks. Look, a couple of things. Number one, we're excited about this legislation. We think it really has some really important elements in terms of trying to move Illinois to the cleaner energy future that they've been talking about, but also, doing the things that we have been doing for the past eight years, and that's modernizing the grid. So number one, one of the things in terms of trying to put some perspective on it, clearly, the grid modernization efforts, we talk a lot about those and those are, in some respects reflected back in the slide that we showed in terms of our 10 year outlook, some of those dollars are certainly a mirror. But I think, right now, it's premature for us to put a specific number on the solar and energy storage opportunities or electrification. I think clearly, as you've seen us too in Missouri, we see these solar plus battery storage projects and they've been really important to help reliability. Richard and his team in Illinois certainly see those same types of opportunities. And look, at electrification, I think across the country, we're just scratching the surface in terms of what those opportunities can be. So, I'd like to put something around that for you, but I think it's just a little early for us to do that. But clearly, we see this as an important opportunity for the State of Illinois and especially, downstate Illinois.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Thanks Julien. It's a great question. So look, we've talked a lot about the dividend and no doubt it's an important area of focus for our Board of Directors. I think what we did today, we pointed out the obvious, our execution of our strategy over the last several years has driven our dividend payout ratio down meaningfully, to the lower end or our 55% to 70%. And so as a result, as you look ahead, there's no doubt that we have been allocating a great deal of capital to rate based growth. And as you see in this plan, we continue to do that and we've had a solid dividend. And so, as we look ahead, I think the fact that we've been able to bring the dividend payout ratio down, it just gives us greater flexibility with respect to capital allocation, including from my perspective, position us well for future dividend growth.
Warner Baxter: Look, couple of things to start there. The bill is sponsored by Senator Hastings and Senator Hunter on the Senate side and on the House side, it is - sponsors are a Representative Greenwood and Representative Huffman. So when you step back and you look at the fundamental elements of this bill in this legislation, number one, it's very consistent with things that have been talked about in Illinois really for the past 12 months in terms of trying to put greater levels of investment for solar, for battery storage, electrification. These are all things which are consistent with the governor's package. So, we think, as we've talked around with key stakeholders, these are important elements of any forward-thinking legislation. And so that's in this bill. Secondly, I think over time, you have seen the modernization of the grid and the legislation associated with that, how that has received widespread support for all the right reasons, for reliability purposes, for customer affordability purposes, for job creation. All those things are really spelled robust support for that. When you put these two things together, we think this legislation has really the opportunity to gain broad based support. Having said that, it's early in the session here, and so Richard and his team had done a fantastic job of educating key stakeholders, talking with many folks that are at the table, including those that are looking at other pieces of legislation. And so we're not done doing that. So, I would say that, a lot of these elements of this legislation are very consistent and much aligned with what key stakeholders want to see, but there's still more work to do. But we're pleased with where things are at today, and look forward to engaging with these folks in the future.
Warner Baxter: Sure. Of course, Steve, we don't comment on rumors or certainly speculate on any M&A transaction, but let's just be clear, our team remains very focused on executing our strategic plan. As you heard me just talk about a little bit earlier, that plan is based on strong organic growth across all of our regulated businesses. And as you've seen in our presentation, there is certainly delivered strong returns in the past through the execution of that strategy. And that is absolutely our focus going forward, because, we believe it's going to continue to deliver superior value, not just to our shareholders, but especially, to our customers. So we're going to continue to stay focused on that plan, because we think that's going to deliver superior value in the long-term for all of our stakeholders.
