Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks so much for the time. Appreciate it. Thanks for all the comments. Maybe just kicking this thing up on the Rush Island side of the equation. Just with the book value, it seems like that $550 million. Can you comment a little bit on the size of the securitization and maybe the offset to that, if you will, when you think about the additional transmission rate base opportunities in otherwise you articulated? Just thinking about the timing and the net puts and takes here, if you will.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No, absolutely. Thanks, again. And then just when you think about the offsets here, just to push a little bit further on that, right, Rush Island, okay, securitization, one year out. Obviously, you alluded to a few different things there. Transmission probably being the single most notable element of what you talked about a moment ago. Can you maybe elaborate a little bit what HB 3445, if I got the number right, does? And then separately, just on the timing for Trance 2, I mean, what opportunity you see there as well, right, I mean -- and/or competitive pieces from Tranche 1? Just trying to think about, like, again, that emphasis on the puts and especially here the opportunities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent, thank you for the thoughtful response, guys. Really appreciate it. Take care [Multiple Speakers]
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, guys. I was worried it was going to end earlier. I wanted to squeeze in a couple here. Look, I wanted to come back to what was being discussed on Illinois real quickly. Do you have any thoughts about Illinois gas here? I know that's very preliminary, but it seems like there could be some conversations going into '24 on perhaps reform that might look akin to Colorado or something like that, But you -- or Minnesota at that. But you guys tell me, what are you guys hearing or seeing on any front there.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Hey, good morning, Julien. I appreciate the question. This is Michael. Yes, from an overall amount, I mean, again, we provide that book value of $550 million, again, this will be probably a year from now. But you should think roughly in those lines. I mean, around $500 million would be some depreciation, etc., that will occur. There's couple of items that get incorporate into that like inventory, etc. But around $500 million. And I think as we've talked about in the past and then we have a lot of flexibility here in terms of what we do with that, in terms of additional investments. It's really not restricted. It just really needs to go back into infrastructure. We obviously can use it to buyback, debt, and other things as well. But I mean given our capital plan, there's lots to do there. I think from a timing perspective, that's what -- we're being very thoughtful about trying to determine the actual retirement date itself, get this well in advance of that to give us plenty of time to make sure that we continue to replace that rate base over time and avoid any sort of earnings hit there. Hopefully, that helps.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Just a couple of comments, Marty, a good overview. And I -- look, I do think the team has collectively, between us and staff and others, continue to work very collaboratively, trying to really work through these issues. I think we all want the best answer, obviously, for customers, making sure that we're delivering on all of the policy objectives that Marty talked about, that CEJA is really wanting to achieve as well. And I think as Marty talked about, that difference today of about $131 million, about 62% of that is really tied up in ROE and cap structure. And so, there is this sort of fundamental difference on ROE today. They're still recommending the old formula that was approved under EMIA, which was basically 580 basis points plus the 30-year treasury versus we really think the law says, look, it's a cost of equity determined by the commission under -- their authority under the laws of the state that govern these rate reviews. But I mean, even putting that aside, I think the important thing to remember too, if you took a current mark on that ROE today at 580 basis points, I mean, it's something approaching 10. And I think the only other point I would make too, is I think -- and under kind of traditional cost of capital, under like a CAPN or DCF, the staff did also point out, I think they would have been at about 10.02 but then revert it back to this formula. So anyway, I gave you those details because I think it does kind of narrow a lot of the issues in terms of where the difference is, Jeremy.
Michael Moehn: Yes, Hey Jeremy, this is Michael again. Yes, I mean, just again to be clear, I think that receptivity has shown in the fact that I think we've closed that gap. So you continue -- you referred to the $700 million gap. I'd say that gap is about $350 million today. So I mean, there's been some good work that's been done on both sides to agree that, look, here's some additional support and go ahead and accept those. That really ultimately -- Marty mentioned going from 56% to 70% of the ask, that was really a large part of it. The other items that you noted are still out there, the post-retirement issue that we'll continue to argue for, we do think that it should be included. Customers are benefiting from this. It's an overfunded plan. It's throwing off gains that are actually reducing rates for customers, et cetera. We're going to continue to make those arguments, and we'll see ultimately where it goes through the process over the next couple of months.
Michael Moehn: No, look, I mean, I think the overall backdrop is much better today I mean, given what's happened with commodity prices both on the natural gas side. And so you've actually already seen some of those benefits start rolling through on the PGAs, et cetera. I think we've talked about that. And then certainly, some of these capacity auctions and the corresponding energy auctions are certainly providing relief to customers. That's always a good thing to see, right, in terms of just making sure that we're trying to get the lowest possible bill for customers. So I'd say it's less of a conversation today and it's a good tailwind as we think about the future.
Michael Moehn: Ultimately, I think it's a combination of both, Sophie. I mean, we're not sitting on a lot of credit today. But I mean, as we build into these, certainly again we'll be very thoughtful about. We've been very involved in these issues on transferability and get a clarification working through some of these rating agency issues, et cetera. But I absolutely think that it could be a combination of both as we move forward.
Marty Lyons: Hey, Julien. This is Marty. Hey, thanks, again, for your questions. Just to first tack on to what Michael said and then answer some of your specific questions, but when we planned out our capital expenditures for this five years and we looked at the timing and amount on a year-by-year basis, we were thoughtful about the potential timing of this Rush Island closure and securitization filing. And so, within that, we had already timed some of our capital expenditures in a thoughtful manner to, as Michael said, ensure that as Rush Island comes out of rate base, that we don't have any kink, if you will, in the trajectory of our rate base growth and our earnings growth. So, some of that's already baked into our plan, Julien, I guess, first and foremost. Now you did ask about some of the transmission investment, and specifically about, the legislation coming through Illinois, the transmission efficiency and cooperation law, which was HB 3445 that you referenced. There, as we explained in our prepared remarks, the General Assembly passed that legislation in May of this year. And now it's really on the Governor's desk for his potential signature. So, it got to the Governor on -- in late June, June 22, and he has 60-days, which means the decision deadline for the Governor is August 21. And if you were to sign that, that would mean that the one Tranche 1 project in Illinois would come to us, and then any Tranche 2 projects that were approved in the first-half of '24, that's our expectation, but anytime in 2024 would also come to us as the incumbent transmission owner. Now, the Governor has expressed some concerns about that legislation. So, it's unsure what actions he will take. I'll tell you that supporters of the bill, including ourselves, continue to share the benefits of the legislation and hopefully address his concerns. If he signs the law, obviously, the bill obviously becomes law. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, if he takes no action, that bill becomes law as well. So, we'll see what action he ultimately takes. But we continue to believe that, that right of first refusal is really in the best interests of our customers and the residents of the State of Illinois. Then you just mentioned on overall what MISO is doing in terms of these projects. Again, as you know, MISO is evaluating what projects might come out of Tranche 2. I will say there that we continue to believe that the work that they're doing point to an overall portfolio that would be larger than what they approved in part of Tranche 1. And that's really because, as they've gone through this analysis, one of the things, obviously, that's come to fruition is the IRA legislation in D.C., which means that we expect more renewables than had previously been expected. And so, MISO is planning towards something that's between sort of a Future 2 and Future 3. And again, we expect that they'll continue to work through that. It's premature to say exactly how large that portfolio will be or exactly what transmission projects may fall into our service territories in Illinois or Missouri. But MISO continues to believe that they'll approve those projects in the first half of next year.
Marty Lyons: Julien -- or, sorry, Paul, I apologize. Paul, it's a -- yes, it's okay. I apologize, again. But look, it's -- some of the actions that have been taken in various states seem to be particular to the way that legislation was passed or -- and so, look, we're going to continue to pursue it. We think that if the Governor were to sign this into law, it would be applicable and applicable too, as we've said before, both to MISO Tranche 1 projects, as well as Tranche 2 projects that are approved in 2024. So, look, I guess, time will tell, but I think that as we sit here today, we think this would stand.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Sophie, this is Marty. One of the things CEJA called for in the legislation was that the cost of equity be determined consistent with commission practice and law. And we believe that means the use of traditional methods like capital asset pricing model, discounted cash flow analysis, IEIMA which was the prior legislation, had some very explicit language that required the use of formulaic. So we've certainly argued that the intent of CEJA was for the commission to use its traditional methodology. And I would note there that the staff and their testimony as part of the multiyear rate plan, instead of that traditional CAPM and DCF kind of analysis was used that they would get an ROE of about 10.02 as a recommendation. And of course, in our gas rate case that's pending, the staff there recommending a 9.89. So at the end of the day, that's what we're hanging our head on is that we believe that CEJA called for the use of that kind of methodology.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Sophie, it certainly does. So as you saw in our slides in terms of our build-out, we do plan to have projects that are build transfer agreements that are built by developers, projects that are developed to a certain point and then we procure them and finalize the construction ourselves and then some self-build. And certainly, we're taking a host of considerations into account when we look at where these projects are being built and what they're being built with. And so if we can take advantage of a site that provides us with incremental tax credit opportunities, we'll do that. If we can take advantage of procurement strategies that -- resources that allow us to maximize the value of credits, we're going to do that. So at the end of the day, our goal with this is to build a portfolio of projects that really provides a good diversity, low cost for our customers, reliability for our customers. And we'll look to maximize those tax credits to the extent possible to again deliver the lowest present value of revenue requirements for our customers.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Julien, in terms of legislation for next year, I can't say that there's anything percolating right now that we're aware of or involved in. I think that right now, our focus obviously is on this Illinois multiyear rate plan on the electric side. And also getting a constructive resolution of our pending Illinois gas case. And so that's our focus right now. I know in the past, there was some discussion around QIP, but of course, that's expiring at the end of this year. And right now, we think we're positioned well as we utilize the forward rate cases in Illinois for our gas business. So really nothing to share with you on that front right now, Julien.
Marty Lyons: I don't think there are any specific lessons learned. We were certainly pleased to receive the commission's authorization to move forward with Huck and Boomtown and pleased with the orders received and the resolution of those. So I wouldn't say there's any specific lesson learned. We think all four of the projects that we have proposed are excellent projects for the benefit of our customers and move us along the path towards the investments that were laid out in our 2022 IRP. And we've got another IRP that we plan to file this September. And certainly, we think those projects are consistent with the path that we'll lay out as part of that IRP as well.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Terrific. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We had a strong first half of 2023, and we remain absolutely focused on strong execution for the remainder of this year. So we look forward to seeing many of you at conferences in the coming months, and thanks again, have great day.
