Marty Lyons: Let me go over that again Paul just overall. We talked about for our Missouri weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales for residential and commercial were about flat, excluding the impacts of our energy efficiency programs. We have seen a little bit of growth there offset by as you know we had the leap-day benefit last year was overall flat there. Also in industrial class in Missouri it was pretty flat as well. Over in the Illinois area, the weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales for residential and commercial was actually down about 1%. As you know we increased the energy efficiency efforts this year and I think that’s been reflected in those lower sales and then Illinois industrial was down about 4%. As we noted on the call, it’s certainly important to remember that in our Illinois service territory, we are fully decoupled today based on the passage of the law last December where we increased our energy efficiency effort we also had decoupling and associated with that. So those sale declines are not affecting the bottom line result.
Marty Lyons: That’s correct Paul. All those stats I gave you to are for the nine-months year-to-date. In terms of Missouri which you asked about specifically, we are actually seeing some positive this quarter in terms of growth in both residential and commercial customer accounts so that’s nice about 0.5% residential and almost 1% in commercial. So we seen a little bit of growth there and we look at the economies of course as, you see now this morning I think nationally the unemployment number came out at 4.1%. We have been staying a little actually south to that a little better than that in Missouri unemployment at 4% and who knows maybe even a little bit less given the announcement today that nationally had moved down. And the Illinois unfortunately has been a little higher closer to 5%. So, but overall, I would say the unemployment has followed national trends and I would say overall the economies in both states are fairly stable.
Marty Lyons: Yes Paul this is Marty Lyons. As it relates to that we have been in the process of negotiation with developers and those negotiations are ongoing and part of that is determining that in fact the developers have done what necessary to make sure that we are eligible for the PTC and that’s a key part of diligence efforts as part of this going on in tandem with the negotiations.
Marty Lyons: Well the current plan is at which we make pretty clear in the slides, the current plan did not incorporate any investment in renewable, so there was no spending in the current plan for these renewable. So in that sense the billion dollars would be additive to that. Now as Warner talked about in his prepared remarks. What we would do is step back, valuate our overall five-year infrastructure investment plan in a context of that incremental wind investment and we would expect them to present probably in February of next year, what our four or five year capital plan looks like.
Marty Lyons: I don't know it’s an Ameren NOI offering typically we are looking out at 10 or 30 years of offerings.
Marty Lyons: I think as we look out 2018 we did mentioned a couple of refinancing opportunities. There are a couple maturities in Missouri that we were specifically speaking of, I think they total something like 350ish million dollars over the course of next year. So we would be looking at opportunities to refinance those maturity, so I think there are two separate maturities that add up to about that number.
Marty Lyons: Yes. If you look to Slide 16, I think that you will see that we gave a number, important drivers to think about as you think about 2018 and probably we aren’t going to go much beyond that, but I think we have given you some really good specificity to hook into. Obviously we have got this increased investment in Ameren Transmission. The rate base is clearly expected to go up next year from 2.5 billion to 2.9 billion next year. Andy as you know a little uncertainly around what the ROE will be next year, right now we are earning 10.8 and that we will see the FERC rules on the second complaint case and how they rule. We have got higher rate base expected next year in Ameren Illinois electric which is subject to formulaic rate making. The third year treasuries did rise over the course of this year. We will see what happens over next year, gas distribution business while we don’t have a rate case next year we do get to formulaic adjust rates based on our writer there, since formulaic way we get to adjust rates based on a writer there for infrastructure investments. About 50% of our CapEx qualifies for those adjustments so that's a boost. And then we do get a little carryover the next year from the rate increase that went into effect in Missouri this year in April, so we will pick-up the first quarter benefit next year which we quantified on Slide 16, which is no Callaway refueling outage next year that's off course $0.08. We have had some negative weather this year, we have had about a $0.06 headwind from weather this year, if we raise that next year and go to normal that's another $0.06 pick-up. And then as you mentioned, there is some other things pluses and minuses, we expect lower interest, we talked about that on the last call if any refinancing that we did this year provide about a $15 million annual tailwind as it relates to earnings. Paul Ridzon asked earlier about some refinancing next year, I think the exact amount for next year is something like 380 million of Missouri refinancing. I didn’t provide what we expect to be the coupon on the new debt with respect to the coupon from the debt we are replacing that’s in one case 5.1% in other case 6%, so we will be refinancing that whatever the prevailing rates are at the time. And then as you noted, there are always some headwinds that would be associated with some depreciation and would expect transmission and property tax headwinds as well. So we have provided I think a pretty comprehensive list of major earnings drivers for 2018.
Marty Lyons: Yes, I think that's a fair way to look at it. I think typically when we think about our growth, we don’t always strip out whether to base the growth on, but yes I think I'm not sure exactly how you are thinking about it, but yes you look at weather normalized 2017 and then you see things to build and consider again whether there were any sort of one-time impacts in 2017 that you wanted to take into consideration besides weather.
Marty Lyons: I'm sorry, it’s important to understand, this writer mechanism doesn’t require formal rate case, it’s a writer mechanism outside the general rate case, just that how the provisions of that works.
Marty Lyons: That’s correct we will continue to book at 10.82 until we get an order that tells us to do otherwise.
Marty Lyons: Yes, I think it's not probably a clear bright line that I tell you Kevin, I mean I think what we will do with whether we have additional CapEx due to the integrated resource plan or we having additional CapEx due to other legislative efforts or other factors, we will step back and will take a look at the overall infrastructure investment plan, we will step back and we will take a look at the overall cash flows associated with the business and then assess the best way forward to finance that. As I Warner said in his prepared remarks, thinking about the all credit metrics, credit ratings at the parent company at the holding companies, the consolidated equity ratio, cash flow metrics and how best to position I would say these incremental investments to for regulatory recovery and make those additive to shareholder value. So we will take all of those factors into consideration and then think about the best path forward for financing those. Clearly as I think you mentioned in the your question, given the $10.8 billion current infrastructure investment plan that we have laid out earlier this year given the strength of our balance sheet and credit metrics, we didn't expect to need any equity as it related to financing that plan.
Marty Lyons: Yes, so in 2017 we have been recording the 10.82, last year we actually had a temporarily higher ROE, so I think if there was any confusion, I would say that year-over-year earnings in the third quarter on the transmission segment were relatively flat. We got the benefit of the increased infrastructure investment, but we had a comparatively lower ROE, because we went from an average of the 12.3 ROE in the third quarter of last year to the 10.8 that we have got this year.
Marty Lyons: The answered earlier in a question Ashar, we will continue to book 10.8 until such time as the FERC would tell us to do otherwise. So as you know, there is the second complaint case that’s outstanding, the ALJ in that particular case ruled that we should perhaps move down from 10.8 overall ROE which includes the 50 basis points at or down to 10.2 with the 50 basis points at or. As we said on the call, we have made filings to suggest that second complaint case should be dismissed for the reasons we discussed on the call and it’s uncertain when the FERC even though they have got a quorum now will rule on the second complaint case. So until that time that they do rule and until such time as they would tell us to change the ROE we will continue to book to 10.8. I would mention that for about 15 month period after the second complaint case was filed, we did accrue our reserve of about $40 million for the potential that the ROE would be lower to 10.2 and that we would need to refund that money. So we have got that reserve set out to the extent of the FERC could rule consistent with the ALJ, but as I mentioned again it is uncertain what the FERC will do actually at this point in time.
Marty Lyons: Well, we did a partial savings this year as it relates to that and then we will get the full benefit next year, so year-over-year you wouldn’t get the full uptick from the 15 million, but just highlighting that earlier this year we did refinance some debt at Ameren Missouri that produced annual interest savings of 15 million and then also mentioned that as we look into next year there are couple of other opportunities as we sit here today to incrementally do some refinance.
Marty Lyons: That might be fair. Again, I declined to comment on specifically we will issue - we will between now and then consider what the best tenure is for an Ameren Missouri offering, given our debt latter and other considerations and obviously price is based on the market conditions at that time.
Michael Moehn: Sure, absolutely Warner. also I think but we are going to continue build off a good work that we made - progress that we made at the end of the sections last year and specifically with perspective of the initiatives in Missouri, I think you are referring to there was in interim Senate Committee as well as the PSC put some workshops on to really look at these regulatory reform issues and those both have concluded I would say in general they were pretty positive and supportive of what we are trying to do in varying degrees, but overall supported the idea of modernizing degree of the benefit for customers and the need for some regulatory reform in the state of Missouri to make that happen.
Michael Moehn: I think the PSC does have the ability to make some - certainly administrative changes to the overall regulatory process to try to help facilitate that. I think that they were also advocating for some legislative changes as well to give themselves to more tools which gave us really more certainty at the end of the day to make these kind of needed investments.
Michael Moehn: Right and that's really around these emerging technology workshops that they kicked off, and Warner is right, I mean that's really looking at the benefits of electrification and modernizing the grid, which again I think all of this points back towards so needed changes within the regulatory structure to promote some of these kind of investments and again I think that they point to some things from the legislative standpoint that could occur as well, you are right, I mean I think they have some tools available to do some of these things also.
Michael Moehn: Absolutely. So yes there is no formal approval process for the IRP itself. I mean there is a review that occurs and people are real common et cetera. In terms of the specific wind projects we do have to file what's call the Certificate of Convenience and Necessity here in the Missouri at CCN. We foresee filing it probably in the first half of 2018 that process is really then you have folks come through and intervene et cetera and so that's ultimately the approval process that occurs, so that you feel good about going forward with the project.
Warner Baxter: Mike we made comment on the PSC, they are doing some workshops on some forward thinking regulatory policies around electric vehicles and those types of things perhaps Paul has heard a little bit about that. Just maybe you can talk about some of those things which are taking place which that is what the PSC has initiated on their own.
Warner Baxter: So Paul this is Warner, I will comment briefly, as I said before, there has been a lot of work down here when I call the off season with the host of stakeholders, and so the conversations continue to be constructive and we try to make sure those that had opposition that we reach out to them to get their input. And so it's ongoing and we are very focused to leverage as Michael said a moment ago, the really strong bipartisan support that we have in both the House and the Senate as well as the stakeholders across the state that moves something forward that’s in the best interest of our customer, and certainly the communities we serve and certainly our shareholders. So there is still move work to be done and the team is hard at it, as well as working with our partners across the state.
Warner Baxter: We do. You are referring to the Renewable Energy Standard in Missouri. I think something to be mindful of within that standard, I mean there is a 1% cap on customers as well that we also have to balance in all of this making sure that we comply and so I mean obviously that’s something that we will be mindful of as we work through this and be mindful of these proposed changes in the tax law.
Warner Baxter: Andy, this is Warner. Look I think the legislation or the proposal to be clear is 24 hours old. And so we assess this and as I said in my prepared remarks, I sense that this particular provision will get a lot of attention over the next several weeks from key stakeholders from across the country, but we are still assessing it ourselves. And so, the only thing as I said during our talking points is that we understand that the real benefits to customers, the environment and shareholders as a result of this plan, so we are very focused on it. And so we are going to work very hard to get out arms around this potential proposal as well as looking at the existing law within the State of Missouri and also be mindful that you know it is our desire to transition our generation portfolio to clean and more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. All those things come together and we expect them as things move on to be able to give a more comprehensive update on all these things certainly in February when we have our year end conference call and give you a more forward looking outlook for the next five years.
Warner Baxter: So also as part of that CCN filing, we will make an application to use this writer mechanism that's also outlined in the law and so that would be as part of that certificate process that I discussed.
Warner Baxter: Yes, I think as we role forward with for you updated prospective CapEx plans, you should expect that we will offer you comments as well as on how we would plan to finance that overall infrastructure investment plan and related cash flows.
Paul Ridzon: You mentioned potentially financing 250, what term do you think you will put on that and refinance it.
Paul Ridzon: And then your 18 drivers you mentioned potential other refinancing, do you have a sense of how big in timing on that
Paul Ridzon: And then just on legislation obviously you have gotten I would say to one guide line before, how you are making progress with the parties that could total buster.
Kevin Fallon: Okay, and Warner in your comments I think you mentioned something about writer recovery is that how you are looking to move from the CCN to the actual build phase.
Kevin Fallon: Exactly, so you guys are going to have clarity on recovery before you actually commit the capital, is what I'm asking.
Kevin Fallon: Okay and the other thing in just terms of modeling for the FERC jurisdictions into next year, until you have an order, we should assume that you are going to continue to book at our 10.82%.
Kevin Fallon: Okay and then you guys highlighted additional CapEx that’s tied to potential legislation, in terms of the financing going forward, should we use like an FFO to debt target or consolidated equity target, or just color on how we should assume the finance side if it comes about.
Kevin Fallon: Exactly so when you update capital on the fourth quarter call this is a component of as well whatever you guys ultimately decide to do.
