Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our Web site at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our Web site a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this, please look in the Investors section of our Web site under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and Risk Factors section in our filing with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with comment on first quarter financial results, full year 2016 earnings guidance and a business update. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of first quarter results and an update on financial and regulatory matters. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Doug Fischer: Yes. The test year was the 12 months ended March 31 of '15 but then a number of things were updated. And then a number of things were updated through the end of the year. Am I giving the year wrong there? '14, I am sorry. End of March '14 was the test year and then we updated for rate base and a number of items through the end of '14. And the rates went into effect in May of '15, late May.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our Web site. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer, or my associate, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on the release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Marty Lyons: Sure, Paul. This is Marty. You may recall when we gave the long-term guidance outlook back in February. We, number one, said we expected 5% to 8% compound annual EPS growth from 2016 through 2020. The foundational element of that of course is the 6.5% rate base growth that we have which we showed from 2015 to 2020. But importantly when we talked about that 5% to 8% compound annual EPS growth, we were basing that off of an adjusted 2016 EPS guidance of $2.63. Obviously, if you took our guidance for this year, the midpoint is $2.50. But we added to that the impact we estimated at that time of the Noranda outage which was $0.13 at that time, to get to an adjusted midpoint of $2.63 and then base the earnings guidance off of that. And the reason we did that is that we do believe the impact of Noranda's outage on our earnings to be temporary. And as we mentioned on the call, we do expect to file a Missouri rate case in early July of this year. We expect that that rate case will reflect the reduced usage by Noranda and as our rates are adjusted next year, than the temporary impact of this earnings decline from the outage would be erased. So that’s how we expect it to go and so long-term in terms of our earnings growth guidance, Noranda maybe there and Noranda may not be there. We are not speculating on that but we do believe that through the rate case process that the impact of the outage will be mitigated.
Marty Lyons: Yes. That’s absolutely right. We said that in February and we stand by that. You should know that the overall 6.5% rate base growth is the foundation. We have got about 2% growth forecasted for Missouri over that period of time. And we do believe both that rate base growth as well as our earnings growth expectation of 5% to 8% can be achieved without the need for legislation in Missouri.
Marty Lyons: You know Paul, it's a good question. And I think going forward, continuing to think about that 38% effective tax rate is probably the right way to think about it. But to be aware that there could be some variation, up or down, from year to year, based upon this new accounting guidance. And as mentioned on the call, what it would really be a function of is what the fair value is of long-term share based compensation is at the time it vests, versus what's been reflected in book expense over the three years as it relates to our plans over the three year vesting period. And that can create a little bit of volatility in the effective rate. In this particular period as you see the value of what vested was greater than what had been recognized in expense over the past three years and therefore the tax benefit was greater than the effective tax rate reflected over the past few years. So we ended up with a benefit this year. But as noted on the talking points, it could be a benefit or it could be a detriment. But I think in the absence of any further information, I think I would expect that 38% effective tax rate. As it relates to this year, that item had a discrete impact on the first quarter, so it lowered the first quarter effective tax rate. At the end of the year, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect the tax rate, effective tax rate, to be around 35%, which would imply over the reminder of this year, in the remaining three quarters that effective tax rate somewhere between 37% and 38%.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Paul. This is Marty. That 2% I was referencing was rate base. So overall we are expecting 6.5% compound annual rate base growth. In Missouri we expect it to be 2% compound annual rate base growth. So really not commenting specifically there on earnings but, overall, I would say that 6.5% rate base growth is sort of the midpoint of our long-term earnings per share growth guidance of 5% to 8%. So consistent with what we have talked about on prior quarters, I mean the bulk of that growth is coming in our FERC regulated transmission and our Illinois electric and Illinois gas distribution businesses, where we are allocating a significant amount of capital because of the constructive regulation we have in those jurisdictions.
Marty Lyons: Sure. No, good memory, good recollection. We laid that out there as one of the options that we would have in terms of ensuring this impact to be temporary. However, that’s really not needed if the plan is to file a rate case. We will make the appropriate requests in the context of the rate case we filed in early July and therefore that accounting authority order would not be needed. So as we said on the call, that is our plan as we sit here today is to file that rate case in early July.
Marty Lyons: We hadn't give that but to your point, we said on our call today is we expect the impact to be about $0.15 this year. And just to give you an idea of how that breaks down, this year we expect, obviously we experienced in the first quarter about a $0.03 drag on earnings. We expect another $0.03 drag in the second quarter. $0.06 in the third quarter and then $0.03 again on the final quarter of the year in the fourth quarter. So through the first half of this year, about $0.06. To your point, Noranda was up and running to some extent in the first quarter, so I would say an impact in the order of $0.07, $0.06 to $0.07 in the early half of next year until we can get rates updated, is probably a fair assumption.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Noranda, and we talked about this at some length in our February call, Noranda has differential in rates. So between October and May of each year, the rate has been $31 and during per megawatt hour in June to September about $46. So they have had differential, I will call them winter and summer rates. And so there is a differentiated impact in those various quarters.
Marty Lyons: Sure, Ashar. What you are referring to in the queue, I believe, is that we actually layout what the amount was that was actually included in rates, when rates were set. And then contrast that with the transmission cost that we are actually experiencing in 2016. And so there is a differential there. The transmission costs have grown. During our last rate cast, transmission costs were renewed from recovery in the FAC. And that’s an element of lag that we are experiencing. And so you would expect as we go to file this next rate case, that we would update our cost of service for the transmission cost that we are incurring. And through the rate case process you would expect that increased cost would be incorporated into the revenue requirement.
Marty Lyons: You know Ashar, in the absence of a change in the regulatory framework or some mechanism to avoid that, there would be continuing drag on earnings or regulatory lag associated with that item. So that’s something that certainly we will consider as we go into this next rate case, is how to deal with that. But, absolutely, at this point in time, it is not incorporated into the FAC. I would remind you, Ashar, that overall, we continue to work very hard to earn as close to our allowed return as we can. We have had that lag from transmission since the last rate case and we have been working hard to do what we can to find cost reductions in other areas. We mentioned in the guidance earlier this year that year-over-year as we move from '15 to '16, that we expect overall our operations and maintenance expenses to be down in Missouri and when you normalize for the Callaway refueling and remove the effect of Noranda, we expect to earn within 50 basis points for the allowed this year. So in isolation, absolutely, yes. That transmission, the increases in transmission costs are creating lag for us.
Marty Lyons: Yes, I think it was -- you might look, I think it was in 2015, but I can't remember what the exact date was. I will let Doug maybe address it.
Marty Lyons: You know, I don’t know but I would assume that to be the case. As we work through the rate case, maybe there will be clarity brought to that issue. But we wouldn’t want to speculate that there would be some windfall that would be achieved as a result of that.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Steve, this is Marty. I think still if you look at our, in the slides that we have got out there today, we look to keep a parent company cap structure around 50% equity. Today I think in our Missouri rates we have got a little north of 51%, Illinois about 50%. You know the transmission business depending on where it's at, [north] [ph] of 51% to 56%, with our hypothetical cap structure for ATXI. So we have over time tried to keep those all in the ballpark in the general vicinity of one another and generally keep strong balance sheets and solid credit ratings.
Marty Lyons: You know, I guess, Steve, I would say in Missouri we really haven't experienced any sort of look through kind of issue, if that’s what you are getting at. I think over time in Missouri we have been able to demonstrate that the equity in the utility balance sheet hasn’t been funded by any debt at the parent. So largely I would say it's by choice. We think it's good to keep all of those in genera alignment and like I said, keep a strong balance sheet. I don’t think as you look around, in around the state, there is different historical practices in terms of use of the parent company balance sheet or utility specific balance sheet. But it seems more situational versus some bright line test or standard practice.
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is Warner. I think a couple of things. Number one, by and large Illinois has clearly made progress in improving the reliability as well as responding to outage duration as a result of the grid monetization project. By and large, what you are seeing between the two jurisdictions is that they are moving closer in terms of what their overall reliability and ultimate responsiveness to outages are. And so Illinois will continue to have specific metrics that they have to hit as part of the grid modernization act and they will continue to pursue that. As part of the legislative effort in Missouri, there were specific performance metrics that are put out there as well for reliability in that that was in the legislation. I think importantly, what really we were focused on, we will continue to be focused on in Missouri, is to address the aging infrastructure. And so what are the kind of things that we would think about doing? Well, we would certainly be doing many of the things that you are seeing over in Illinois, investing in smart meters. Missouri needs to do that and it's an opportunity not just for our customers ultimately, to be able to use the more advanced meters. It's investing in a smarter grid, whether it be in the power lines, whether it be in automating much of the grid compared to where it is today. Substations, all these things are very important and things that we are doing in Illinois that we would be focused on doing in Missouri. We had also, as part of the legislative effort, we would be looking at the generation portfolio. Clearly, we have aging infrastructure there and we could do improvements in a more timely fashion, we think in our generating power plants as well as invest in renewable energy which was a significant aspect of this bill. So we can put all those things together. These are things that we would be focused on in Missouri should we get legislation passed that would support that investment. And those are the kind of things that we are going to continue to talk about with policy makers, both the remaining part of this session as well as frankly moving into next year. Both during the rate case as well as preparing for the next legislative session.
Warner Baxter: Paul, we are going to have Maureen Borkowski, she can jump in. As we have seen some of these retirements, we think that there are some transmission opportunities and so Maureen, why don’t you jump in and talk a little bit about some of those.
Warner Baxter: And so, Julien, I think I was saying Paul a moment ago. It's Julien. So I apologize for that. I am not sure Paul is not offended, hope that you are not as well.
Warner Baxter: Julien, this is Warner again. I think a couple of things. It would be premature for us to say if we are going to do something special from a regulatory framework perspective. Every time we move into a rate case, we step back and say, okay, what from a policy perspective things that we want to pursue. So we will step back and think about that. And in terms of the overall rate increases, yes, it too is premature. You will see a lot of that here coming up very soon in early July. We will give you all the specifics as we move forward in the rest of the year, we will explain the case in more detail to you and the rest of our shareholders.
Warner Baxter: Andy, this is Warner. And so a couple of things. Just in general, as you know from a buyer perspective obviously if you look in the past, we have been a buyer of M&A. But as I have said before and continue to say, our policy has been really kind of, don’t get into the specifics or comment on speculative transactions or M&A activities just in general. That’s not very constructive but as you know, we have grown in the past two acquisitions. But to be clear, our current plan is focused on the plan that I laid out before, and it's on the organic growth in our regulated business. We plan to deliver strong earnings growth that I outlined and it's driven by the rate base growth, of course. And with our strong dividend we believe we will deliver the superior value to our shareholders and ultimately to customers too. And so M&As happen in our space, so that doesn’t surprise us that there continues to be some level of consolidation. And in particular, we continue to be attentive to things going on our space like other companies. But whether we are buyer or anything, that probably takes it one step too further than just what we have done in the past.
Warner Baxter: So Andy, this is Warner and I will ask Michael Moehn to speak up as well. I think that whether there is going to be a specific workshop, I don’t think there has anything been decided in particular and that’s always a possibility. But I don’t think the commission has come out with a specific statement or ruling that they plan on doing that. Michael, I don’t know...
Warner Baxter: Sure, Paul. This is Warner. I guess a couple of things. Number one, the session, as I said, ends this Friday. So the reality is, time is very short. And while comprehensive performance based regulation legislation will not pass, at least from our perspective, it doesn’t mean that we still don’t have conversations with key stakeholders to see if we can some level of progress. It's probably not appropriate for me to speculate, frankly, to say what that may or may not look like. We will know in a few short days whether anything happens, but time is short and so while it may be difficult it doesn’t mean that we are not on the table talking to the key stakeholders.
