Martin J. Lyons: Sure. Paul, this is Marty. I think I'll let Warner Baxter, who's here with us, President of Missouri Operations. Go ahead and answer that question.
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, this is Marty. I'll maybe try to tack on to what Warner said. I think as you look at what we've been able to accomplish over the past number of years in terms of Missouri regulation and Missouri earnings, certainly, over a series of rate cases, we've been able to achieve use of various riders and trackers for fuel or for energy efficiency or things of that nature, which have provided us a better opportunity to earn our allowed returns and we have meaningfully closed the gap between earned and allowed returns. Clearly, in the absence of some better framework for capital investment, it's hard to be able to earn those alloweds on a regular basis, if you're deploying significant amounts of capital. When you look overall at our plan going forward and you look at our 7% rate base growth plans across the enterprise, a heavy focus on those jurisdictions with formulaic ratemaking with the kinds of frameworks that allow us to make the investment for the benefit of our customers to grow jobs and to grow that rate base. If you look at the trends we put out in the past while we're investing still -- planning to still invest substantially in Missouri, the growth is at a much lower pace, again, providing ourselves the opportunity to earn something closer to our alloweds. And again, as Warner said, making sure that we continue to control our spending in order to position ourselves for success there. Now transitioning over to Illinois, you're right, the formulae -- the changes or the modifications to the formulaic rates for electrics did pass both chambers with very strong majority of votes there, and that's now before the governor. And then as it relates to the gas legislation, things have -- I'd say stalled a little bit there. I think legislative interest has moved somewhat away from the gas formula ratemaking and is focusing maybe on something more like an infrastructure rider or something of that nature. May I remind you that with respect to gas in Illinois, we do have the use of 4 test years. We've got a gas rate case pending right now and incorporates those 4 test years and it's where things kind of stand in Illinois.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Michael. You're right in terms of we haven't seen that type of push here. I think as you know, our FERC-authorized ROEs aren't really incentive ROEs like you might see in some jurisdictions. But to your question, I mean, to the extent that the ratemaking treatment or the ROEs were changed, it detracts from the incentive that exists today in investing in these large regional projects. They are significant amounts of capital deployment. They do like -- do have risks associated with them. We believe that the ROEs that we've got are appropriate. And to the extent that ROEs were reduced, it certainly would affect ours and I think other companies' thought process is about the investment opportunity. Whether they were abandoned or not, I certainly won't speculate. I'm just saying that it certainly becomes less attractive and there is less incentive there to take on these big projects.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. I think that is fair. The -- when we provided the guidance, which is now guidance from continuing operations of $2 to $2.20, we also mentioned that we expected for the full year parent and other costs of about $0.20. And so that would -- if you do the math as you've done, that would imply for the regular utilities about $2.30.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, I think overall, as we go through the year, we've certainly seen -- I'll comment on a few things since you've opened the door on guidance, which I appreciate. First, on the -- I'll talk about maybe about the parent and other of about $0.20 that we see there. What's driving that is that -- as you go through sort of the accounting for continuing operations or discontinued operations, you've got to take costs that maybe were previously allocated to the merchant business. And to the extent that those aren't naturally going away with the business you're disposing of, you would continue to classify those in continuing operations. So some of the things driving that $0.20 are interest on the parent company that of about $425 million of parent company that -- which is about $0.10 of interest or so, and then there is G&A cost previously allocated to that merchant business that will be retained. For the time being, once the segment, the divestiture is actually completed, we'd certainly have the opportunity then to reduce and drive some of those costs out. And then there are other just sort of parent company costs that have existed through time that are in that $0.20. Then overall, with respect to utility results for the first quarter, as we talked about a lot of the improvement of last year was really driven by weather. We saw about a $0.10 improvement from weather overall. But when you strip out the weather and you look at weather normalized sales, overall, those were positive during the quarter. Overall, we saw residential and commercial sales up about 2% on a weather normalized basis across the company. And that was a positive sign and a little ahead of our expectations. We were expecting sort of little growth this year. We haven't really modified our expectations for the remainder of the year. We still expect little growth for the remainder of the year, but the quarter was a positive from that perspective. The sales versus normal, I mean -- meaning weather versus normalized, I should say, was a neutral. We didn't see much impact from weather versus normal conditions. So -- but we did see on the weather-normalized basis a bit of a pickup. And we would also expect to see for the remainder of the year some positive variances versus expectation in O&M, and we're also -- they are also expecting to see some positives from further infrastructure investment rate base growth in those areas where we have the formula ratemaking. So those are some of the drivers on the regulated side. I'd say that those -- we give the $2 to $2.20 guidance. It's $0.20 range. That parent company and other $0.20 is an approximation. I'd say probably, there's a little bit of a rounding up there. And so therefore, you derive $2.30. I'd say there would be a little bit of a rounding up there, too, in terms of the regulated midpoint.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, residential and commercial combined across the company. And we were pleased to see it. We saw a little bit of a positive growth in the same categories in the fourth quarter of last year though, you may recall, I think others do, in the third quarter last year, they were down. So weather normalization is an approximation. And when we looked over the course of last year, we had some ups and downs during the quarters over the course of the year. We actually saw residential and commercial sales down a little bit versus 2011 levels. So we're happy to see this trend. It's good to have this starting out the year, a little bit of a positive trend, but we'll -- I think we've still got a cautious view for the remainder of the year.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. We've talked in the past about payout targets in the 55% to 70% of regulated earnings range. And we've given out specific guidance on when to expect increases going forward other than to say that we do have the 7% growth rate planned in rate base. With that, we would expect to grow our regulated earnings over time. And as we grow those regulated earnings, we would expect also to be in a position to be able to recommend to the board increases in the dividend.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure. A good question. So the $0.20, as I broke it down, was probably about -- the $0.20, probably about $0.10 of interest and then $0.10 of G&A previously allocated to the merchant business, as well as some corporate overhead cost that we've had historically. So when you think about that parent company debt, as you know, $425 million of debt, 8.875 percentage or straight [ph]. In today's market, we'd be able to reduce that substantially, I think, better than -- cutting that better than 50%, Julien, maybe even by 2/3. So on an annualized basis, decreasing that $0.10 by $0.06 or so wouldn't be unrealistic on an annualized basis. You're right. The refi for that would be a May time frame of next year. And then with respect to some of these other costs like the G&A costs that are in the parent company number this year that historically have been allocated to the merchant business, that's probably about $0.06 over the remainder of this year. And we certainly can't reduce or eliminate those costs until the divestiture is completed. But then we we'd expect to be able to reduce those through time. We talked a couple of calls ago about the expectation that we believe we could eventually eliminate those fully. That may take through the end of '15 to be able to get there when they're fully gone. But we would expect to be able to begin to reduce those substantially next year. And so what we've said is we expect that $0.20 this year to go down to a range of $0.10 to $0.15 next year. And then those would -- those costs would further diminish the year after that as you get the full year benefit of the refinanced parent company debt and you fully reduce the drag from those G&A costs previously allocated to the merchant business.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, no, there would, so -- in terms of outline, there have been good development. So certainly filed for the ICC Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity as it relates to the Illinois Rivers project, which is sort of a big centerpiece, multi-value project that we've got planned over the next several years, $1.1-billion project. As we updated, the staff filed some initial testimony. Overall, we saw it as positive, where the staff overall was recommending that the ICC grant a certificate for the project. We've recently, as you know probably, filed rebuttal. For the upcoming dates there, our ICC hearing is in the May time frame. And we're still expecting an order. And we're optimistic that we'll see the -- get the ICC certificate and be able to move forward then late this year with the right-of-way acquisition and next year with that full-range construction activities. So we're anxious to begin deploying capital relative to that project. We feel like the testimony we provided in response to ICC and others' testimony, we hope, was responsive. And we hope to see the ICC approval and begin to move forward. So there is -- those are some of the key milestones. Certainly, those -- the expectation of being able to move forward with that project on sort of the time frame I just outlined is really key to the overall plans we have to grow rate base at that 7% rate that we talked about earlier.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, there -- what we did, we really -- if you look at our CapEx plans, we didn't substantially change those as a result of the ICC order the last year. We eliminated about $30 million of the planned capital spending for this year but didn't really substantially change the plans that we have longer term. We're certainly optimistic that we will see the appropriate modifications made to the legislation to provide the clarity about the legislative intent. And at that point, we'd be in a position to add back that $30 million of reduced capital spending to our forecast.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Neil. This is Marty again and -- one thing I'd refer you to overall what I thought was a good piece of testimony is the president of our transmission company, Maureen Borkowski, and the testimony that we filed recently in response to the ICC, to interveners in the case. But Maureen's testimony, I think, provided sort of an overview of the issues that have been raised or concerns that have been raised and the overall ATXI response to those. And she summarized well, I think, both the concerns, as well as the comments that we were providing back. And I think, Neil, overall, in my view, the interveners I mentioned earlier, the staff in particular, overall recommended that the ICC go ahead and provide the certificate. But there were questions raised about the need for certain specific substations. There were concerns or questions raised about the paths for certain segments of the overall project and the lines. And in that regard, we have provided testimony supporting why the substations we proposed are needed for reliability or other reasons and why the routing that we proposed makes sense. And I think there were also a number of stipulated sort of settlements reached with a number of parties that had raised questions along the way as well. And those were also, again, summarized in Maureen's testimony. So again, by and large, in summary, I felt like, looking at it, that overall that the project was certainly needed. The question was about the path and the need for certain elements. But again, we feel like we've largely addressed those in the testimony. So I think that's the Illinois Rivers project. The MISO has already approved a number of other multi-value projects back in December of 2011, the Spoon River project, the Mark Twain project. And then there are some other pending projects, like the Big Muddy River Project. All those projects, again, have been approved by MISO as multi-value projects and -- so the plan would be to go ahead and move forward with those projects over time. And I don't know that there is really anything pending in terms of further demonstration of need for the project. It's just a matter of sequencing the projects and moving forward on them.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, that's -- I think that's largely a way to think about it. I mean, within the 5 years, there could be certainly some spending on those projects. But the overall transmission growth plans that we have certainly do extend beyond the 5-year window that we're presenting.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. I think that -- over time, I do think that the -- historically, at the Illinois hub location, there has been some basis discount to Indy hub, which is typically looked at as a more liquid trading hub in our region. And what we've been seeing any way in the recent, say, 12-month time frame for the merchant business is probably a basis discount to Indy hub around the clock of about 12% or so. And we've seen those basis differentials certainly fluctuate over time.
Martin J. Lyons: It -- I can't comment specifically on the first quarter, but it has fluctuated over time. And a 12% kind of basis differential isn't historically out of the norm or abnormal when you look back to say that's some of the 2011 data and the like. So they just -- it does fluctuate over time.
Martin J. Lyons: I can't really pinpoint any unique issues as it relates to our system. The things you mentioned are things that historically have impacted basis differentials. So certain generator outages or transmission line outages, load fluctuations, all of those things can affect basis differential from time to time. We'll see basis differentials differentiate seasonally based upon demands on the system. So all of those things you mentioned, certainly, are contributors from time to time.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, well, what we did is we gave guidance for $2 to $2.20. And we said the parent and other were approximately $0.20, which would imply approximately $2.30 for the utilities.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, you're right. We haven't given that out. What we've talked about is that 7% growth rate in rate base and -- but I think if you model it out, you should see some sort of similar trend rate with respect to earnings. But certainly, I'm not commenting on specifically the 5%.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. So we did talk a little bit about one of the headwinds we saw in the first quarter compared to last year. It wasn't unexpected from our perspective but was just the timing of revenue recognition this year versus last year as it related to the Illinois delivery -- electric delivery service. So in Q2, we expect that to maybe a $0.03 negative versus last year.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, hopefully, we'll see it stabilize next year versus this year. Maybe I can -- I'll try to describe for you sort of the phenomenon that's causing this though, which is that we're -- obviously, our earnings for the full year, our revenues for the full year, are ultimately determined by our actual costs incurred in that year. As we got into -- the last year was the first year, obviously, that we were accounting for this new regulatory regime, if you will. Going into last year, we projected what our cost of service was going to be. We projected what the ROE was going to be based on 30-year treasuries, and we had an expectation of how the Illinois law would be applied by the ICC. So as we went through the first couple of quarters last year, we were recognizing revenue based on those overall expectations. As we got into the third quarter of last year towards the end, we saw that the cost of service was less than the -- cost to service for the full year was going to be less than we had previously estimated. We had an ICC order, which changed our expectations. And the 30-year treasuries were coming out as well lower than expectations. Therefore, in the third quarter, we had a downward revision to the revenues that have been recognized over the first half of the year and then a further adjustment in the fourth quarter. So those -- the accounting model is still in place and we're still, say in this first quarter, recognizing revenues based on our full year expected cost of service for that business. So there still could be some volatility from year to year. But I would expect that to dampen over time. Last year was the first year where we're kind of working through this new process and, I think, probably bigger fluctuations this year versus last, than we should see moving forward. So in Q1, we estimated that the impact was about $0.08 in terms of negative impact versus last year. Due to that, as I mentioned, about $0.03 in the second quarter. We expect that, that then will reverse. As I mentioned, last year in the third quarter, we had a downward revision. We expect that then, year-over-year in the third quarter of this year, we would see a benefit. And it could be in the range of as much as $0.10 of positive impact in Q3, another $0.04 in Q4 so that over the course of the year, you're up a few cents versus last year.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So that could swing either way. And you'll recall that we have actually recognized a charge in the prior year of about $18 million or $0.04. So that could reverse. On the other hand, if that goes against us, it could be a negative of up to about another $26 million or $0.06. So it's a range of about a plus $0.04 to a minus $0.06 on that.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. We have historically had that in ongoing earnings. And I would say on the minus $0.06, that would really be dependent upon how things ultimately played out with the commission on those remaining costs, so that we do have before the commission a request for accounting authority order on that to be able to defer and recover some of those costs. But we'll just have to see how all of that plays out.
Warner L. Baxter: So a couple of things. First, your first question is related to the prospects for the passage of legislation. And you're right. And certainly, as we sit here today, it's difficult to predict really whether the legislation be passed at this time. And as we've talked about in the past, it's always a challenge to try and pass legislation. And certainly, with only 2 weeks left in the legislative session, and that challenge is going to be greater, especially in light of the continued opposition from certain consumer groups and certain large customers. But having said that, our team is going to continue to work closely with legislative leaders and other key stakeholders to see if we can move this legislation forward. And should we not get that legislation passed this session, we will continue to work tirelessly to get constructive legislation passed in the future to address, as you said, some of the additional capital expenditures that we may be making in the future and to address regulatory lag in Missouri. And the bottom line, we think this legislation and this path represents good long-term energy policy for Missouri, and it's going to help us address the aging infrastructure and certainly meet our customers' long-term needs and expectations. And the legislation we had before, the legislature today certainly has robust consumer protections. So we're going to continue to advocate for that policy because we think it's simply the right thing to do. Now with regard to the questions in terms of how we handle regulatory lag. We're going to continue to do what we've done in the past, and that we're going to continue to be very disciplined in our cost control and how we allocate capital in our business and certainly among all the Ameren businesses. And we're going to do what we've done also in the past and that's aligning our spend with the regulatory policies, outcomes and economic conditions. When the need arises, we will continue to file frequent rate cases to recover those investments. And as I said before, we're going to continue to pursue changes in the regulatory framework that will support investment because we are convinced that is the absolute best policy for the state of Missouri in the future.
Warner L. Baxter: Michael, this is Warner again. The bill was debated last evening, as Tom said, and they ultimately did come to a vote. Certainly, there've been concerns cited by some of the industrial customers in terms of impact on rates and those types of things. And there have been efforts made to try and address that in the legislative -- in the legislation, and we will continue to have those discussions with those customers and other stakeholders to see if we can get something across the finish line. So we're going to continue to push to see if we can get something constructive done during these last 2 weeks.
Warner L. Baxter: Sure, sure, Ashar. This is Warner. One, there are several vehicles that are still available in both the House and the Senate. You have your original bills, which are HB 398, House Bill 398, and then Senate Bill 207. If those bills would be approved, they would have to go through committees on either side of the House to move forward. And so a likely path to move forward now, between now and May 17, would be to amend and approve Senate or House Bill. Once -- so say a House Bill is on the Senate side and that has been amended by the Senate and sent back over to the House, then simply, the House can take that bill and vote it up or down. It does not have to go through all the committee process. And indeed, that's certainly an approach that's being considered in both the Senate and the House right now. So is it possible to get something done in the next 2 weeks utilizing those vehicles? The answer is yes. But as we said before, you have 2 weeks. And that still takes time to get through some of the processes. But it isn't as extensive as the original bill process we have today.
Warner L. Baxter: Well Ashar, the only thing I've seen in Missouri politics and the legislature, it is pretty amazing how things can get done in the last few days. Having said that, the more time you have to move things, the better you are. And certainly, every day is precious when it gets down to the last 2 weeks. So I can't say there is a specific cutoff date one way or the other, but there are hosts of -- there are vehicles. But just because there are vehicles doesn't mean that there still aren't some challenges to get through both sides of either the House or the Senate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So if I hear you're right, call it a run rate around '15 time frame, $0.20 minus $0.06 with interest expense, at least minus another $0.06, once you fully eliminate the allocated cost, so less than $0.10 easily.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, fantastic. And then going over to the ATX side of the world, perhaps a little bit similar to the last question. When you're thinking about your successes on developments, what are the next important data points? And as you think about it, how do you feel about the execution on the -- just deploying capital, if you will? And maybe a secondary question off that, also looking at CapEx, how would EIMA change your CapEx outlook, too? Your EIMA, yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Well, the base part was more ATX, how do you feel about deployment, what are the next key milestones in terms of it? I mean, it seems like there have been some developments in the quarter.
