Nicholas Campanella: Hey, everyone. Thanks for all the info today and Andrew, welcome back. Really happy to hear your voice.
Nicholas Campanella: Absolutely. Yes. So I guess just on the Missouri rate case, you did have some differences here in rate base for staff, but just wanted to get a sense of your overall appetite to settle this case if that’s still a possibility – just thinking back to how prior cases have gone. Thank you.
Nicholas Campanella: That’s helpful. Appreciate that. And then just on the equity financing, recognizing that you did raise CapEx in this new five-year plan. You do have some sizable needs here in the out years and I know you recently last quarter also said that you were increasing the ATM to $1 billion for 2024 and beyond. But can you just help us understand, with the equity in the plan, just your preferred source of funding that or sourcing it, rather.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Nick, this is Marty Lyons. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Yes. Look, as we go into each case, we certainly are hopeful of being able to reach a constructive settlement. And as we talked about many times, we have a good history of working with stakeholders in Missouri and reaching constructive settlements. We outlined where we are in the case today in our prepared materials, you saw in the slide deck, and we outlined some of the issues that divide us today, mainly in some of the traditional areas like ROE, but also on a couple of issues like High Prairie and Rush Island energy centers, where there’s some differences between us and the staff in particular. Importantly, all of us will be updating our cases based on year-end rate base as well as other true-up items that go through December 31. So you mentioned some of the differences in rate base. Really, those are just timing differences between the staff’s rate base, which was as of June 30 and the company’s filed position, which projected through December 31. But all of those things are going to be trued up here in the coming days up through December 31. So importantly, some dates that we highlighted, a final reconciliation of the parties’ positions will be due March 30, and that comes after server bottle testimony, which is on March 13. And then evidentiary hearings of those are needed would start on April 3. So traditionally, the best time to be able to reach a constructive settlement given where this rate case is, this rate review would be end of March, early April in terms of when you might be able to really reach a constructive settlement with the parties.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Good morning, Jeremy, this is Marty. There’s a few questions, I think, embedded in that question. So I’ll start and perhaps Michael would want to add on. First of all, the capital expenditures that we’ve put into the plan in Missouri for the IRP really tie to the plan that we laid out in the IRP. So if you go back and you look at that overall time line, we plan to add 800 megawatts through 2025 and then another 2,000 megawatts of renewables between 2026 and 2030. And if you just do some simple math there, it’s about 400 megawatts per year. So you end up with about 1,600 megawatts overall over a five-year period. And again, we’ve put in about $2.5 billion as an estimate for that. So that’s how it lines up. We were pleased to have the commission, Missouri Public Service Commission approved the Huck Finn project, which was a 200-megawatt solar project we’d proposed, they approved that one recently at CCN. And of course, we’ve got the Boomtown project, which is a 150-megawatt solar project before them now and awaiting the decision. And we continue to work with developers on additional renewable projects to really fill out that plan that we have under the IRP, which we think is absolutely the most prudent way to move forward to provide our customers the reliable, affordable and cleaner energy that they’re seeking. Now back to the overall CapEx plan. What you’ll notice is we’ve got a $19.7 billion overall capital expenditure plan for 2023 to 2027. That compares to the one we had previously, which was 2022 to 2026, we had $17.3 billion. So we’ve added about $2.4 billion overall as we move from our prior plan to this one. And in Missouri in particular, I’d point out that we previously had $8.9 billion of planned expenditures moving now to $10.4 million, which is about a $1.5 billion overall addition. So we’ve embedded the expectation of those renewable projects getting done in the overall $10.4 million. But I would say we’ve taken a measured approach to upping our overall capital expenditure plan, which gives us great confidence in our ability to achieve it. Again, we’ve already had one renewable project approved. We’ve got a strong pipeline of capital expenditure opportunity over the next 10 years, as we’ve talked about, $48 billion and have a lot of confidence in our ability to execute, not only the $10.4 billion plan for Missouri, but the overall $19.7 billion plan we’ve laid out today.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Jeremy, I mean, I think as you know, I mean, our past practice really has not been to sort of speculate where we'll be within that range. I think I'll point to where we have achieved results, obviously. Historically, we've been to 7.5% CAGR since about 2013. So I'll let that sort of speak to itself. Obviously, we did raise the rate base growth from 7% to 8%. And I mean again, as you think about that range, over time, it drives about a $0.45 range, that 6% to 8% over that kind of five-year period. And obviously, there are some drivers, as you pointed out, in terms of just outcomes in the multiyear rate plan, earned versus allowed ROEs, financing assumptions, et cetera. But again, let sort of the past speak for itself at the moment.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Julien, this is Marty. Yes, I think your intuition is probably right there, especially as it relates to the multiyear rate plan. I think it's hard to speculate. I mean, if ever we have the opportunity to really enter into a constructive settlement with stakeholders, we're certainly going to be interested in having that dialogue with stakeholders. I think it's just very early in this multiyear rate plan filing. Obviously, we haven't seen any staff or intervenor direct testimony. We won't see that until May. And really premature to know whether it's something that could be constructively settled or not. I will note that in Illinois, there hasn't been that history of overall global settlements that we've had in Missouri. But we'll certainly be looking after we get testimony to work with stakeholders to resolve differences, narrow the issues. And if we can, settle and that would hold true for the gas case as well.
Marty Lyons: No. I guess what I was saying there is we're always going to be wanting to work with stakeholders. Once we see the differences to narrow those differences, certainly correct any errors and really to narrow the issues. And if we can reach a global settlement and put that before the commission, we'll seek to do that. I was just saying with respect to the electric distribution part of the business, given the newness of this framework and the fact that we haven't seen any testimony really premature to say whether that's something that has a high degree of probability.
Marty Lyons: Yes. I think one of the differences, Julian, is the Huck Finn project was proposed to be compliance with the renewable energy standard that we have in Missouri, and it was approved as such. The Boomtown project is really being proposed twofold. One, for customers, especially large industrial commercial customers that are looking for renewable energy as part of a consumer program for them, and as well as part of our transition under the IRP. But it's not being proposed for specific compliance with the renewable energy standard. And so that's a distinguishing fact between the two.
Marty Lyons: Well, thank you all for joining us today. As you heard, we had a very strong 2022, and we really remain focused on delivering again in 2023 and beyond, for our customers, for our communities and for our shareholders. So with that, be safe, and we look forward to seeing many of you over the coming months.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Yes, you bet, Nick. Good morning. This is Michael, A couple of things, then I’ll get specifically on that question. I mean, again, I think as we’ve talked over time, I mean, we do believe our balance sheet really provides us a position of strength here. We’ve worked hard to continue to conservatively manage it. I think we like our ratings where they are, Baa1, BBB+. We obviously have more margin at S&P than we do at Moody’s. We talked about that from time to time. We continue to target this capitalization ratio of close to 45%, which I think, again, it served us well in these various regulatory proceedings and making sure we’re maintaining these balance sheets appropriately at the subsidiaries. In terms of what we need here, you’re right. I mean, the $2.4 billion of incremental capital, I think what we continue to message along the year, as we thought about any increases in capital associated with these opportunities around LRTP or the renewables that we should continue to think about our balance sheet in a similar fashion. And I think that’s what we’re doing here, we’re laying out this incremental really $800 million of equity. There’s some obviously retained earnings in there as well, kind of gets you back to that same sort of capitalization ratio. The ATM has served us well up to this point. I mean, we’ve taken care of all of our needs for 2023, Nick. We’ve sold forward in 2023. So we’re really finished with that $300 million. We started to sell forward into 2024. You’re right that we did increase the capacity of the ATM. We’ll have to continue to evaluate that over time as we would run into any limits there. But again, it’s a really efficient way for us to issue capital. We think it’s a manageable amount if you look at it relative to our total market capitalization. So we feel comfortable with it. And again, I think that it provides us quite a bit of strength there as we just think about the overall funding that we need over the course of the next five years.
Michael Moehn: Yes. The only thing, Jeremy, I might add to that, Marty just gave a really comprehensive answer, is just specifically with the pipeline to renewables itself. And look, the team continues to do a lot of really hard work here. There’s some active RFPs they continue to have open. They continue to have a lot of conversations with developers about these projects. I think you had something embedded there about how do we think about maybe PPAs versus ownership. Again, we believe that ownership is in the best interest of our customers for the long term, and that’s really where our focus has been. It’s certainly evidenced by what we did with the wind projects. Certainly, we’re closing with the two renewable solar projects that Marty spoke about. So I’d say an active pipeline, and I think, obviously, the supply chain issues have been well publicized. I think we continue to work through those and feel good about the projects we have out there, and it’s going to continue to be a lot of focus and  effort over the coming years.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I would say with respect to Tranche 2, we're certainly actively engaged with other stakeholders with MISO and modeling out the benefits of potential projects that would come out of tranche our overall expectation as we sit here today is that the overall portfolio of projects that MISO would approve as part of tranche to will be larger than the overall size of the projects that were approved as part of Tranche 1. But I think it'd be premature to comment on specifically which projects might land in our service territory or be assigned specifically to us. But rest assured, we'll be working with other stakeholders to model the transmission projects that we think would be best for customers and the reliability of the system overall and to obviously effectuate the clean energy transition. And we do expect that, as we said in our prepared remarks, MISO, to make some final determination early next year.
Michael Moehn: Yes. And Jeremy, I'd just reiterate what I said. We feel very confident in our ability to be able to execute that $19.7 billion CapEx plan, which gives us confidence in our ability to execute that 8% rate base growth plan. And that underscores our confidence in the 6% to 8% EPS CAGR that we've outlined today.
Michael Moehn: Julian, this is Marty again. Look, we haven't given up some sort of replacement for QIP and really because the QIP was in our die really great rider for our customers, really allowed us to make some investments that bolster the safety and reliability of the gas system. I'd say our focus right now is really though on the gas case that you and I just discussed. And really looking to get a constructive resolution of that case. As you know, the overall gas regulatory environment, even without QIP is solid with forward test years, revenue decoupling, bad debt riders, et cetera. So we believe that going forward, without the QIP, we'd need to be thoughtful about the timing of rate reviews, but they do use forward test years, which I think is very important to think about. And we'll be thoughtful about the timing of capital expenditures to replace aging equipment, et cetera. So we do think the regulatory environment without QIP is something we can manage around, we can still invest, we can earn good returns. But we will look for windows of opportunity to look for something to replace the QIP. I'll leave the door open like you did in terms of what form that may take. But right now, our focus is on that gas case.
