WarnerBaxter: Yes, and thanks, Julien, lots of stuff to unpack there. I'm going to first ask Marty to talk a little bit about sort of what happened in the event and some of the actions that we're taking to make sure we get timely recovery. And then I'll talk a little bit about how we're balancing the fuel purchase power costs. So Marty why don't you to talk a little bit about the event in Callaway and how we're managing through that place.
WarnerBaxter: So I think that summarizes generally the event and what we're doing from a warranty and insurance perspective. I think, Julien, what we're doing from an operational perspective is what we do, when Callaway has this normal outages, we adjust the efforts and the outages or move those around for our coal fired energy centers. Now, I got to tell you, I'm pleased to say during this very cold period, our coal fired energy centers operated extremely well. And we do the same thing with the rest of our generating use, because all those go to mitigate the impact that Callaway is out. And so those are things that our team has already checked and adjusted for during this period of time. And we're very focused on just doing that the work that Marty described extremely well, getting Callaway back in service for the benefit of our customers.
WarnerBaxter: Well, you're right. There are a lot of bills being discussed and actually filed in the state of Illinois. And I tell you, we're excited about the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act. And really the enhancements those were made through the act that we just filed last year, and do several things. One, Julien, it addresses the issue that you talked about, it really is no longer that Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act that was filed isn't based on a 30 year Treasury, it is doing what legislators really wanted to have done back in 2012, when the modernization action plan was put in place. That was simply to try and have the return on equity really become very close to the national average. And that's exactly what's reflected in there. And so we -- that's why we like that, though, and of course, we'd like to build that was filed, because it not only applies to our electric business, but our gas business, because we're firmly convinced that performance based rate making has been terrific things for the state of Illinois in terms of reliability, in terms of affordability and jobs. And we think we can duplicate that in natural gas business. We think that's the best way forward. I'm sorry, Julian, you dropped out little bit there. I'm sorry.
WarnerBaxter: Exactly, right. So look just to sum it up, there are a lot of bills out there. Obviously very early innings of the session. Yes, there's some that are trying to take different approaches to it. The only thing you can rest assured is that Richard Mark and his team, they're at the table. We're talking with key stakeholders and we are strongly supporting the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act.
WarnerBaxter: Yes, good. Appreciate the question. We historically, you're right. I mean, we're assuming 1.95 here for this year. And as you think, Durgesh, about our overall range the 6% to 8% off of this 375, it provides you a quite a bit of range, you go out in time, obviously about 40%, up $0.40 in total. And we really haven't historically said what we are assuming it. It obviously accommodates a number of things within that in terms of those ROEs, in terms of CapEx, in terms of regulatory outcomes, et cetera. But we haven't specifically said that we're targeting from a 30 year Treasury.
WarnerBaxter: It is a wide range and lots of different things can accommodate it in there. I mean, obviously, the 30 years moved quite a bit here in the last few months or so, but difficult to speculate exactly where it's going. 
WarnerBaxter: So yes, this is Warner. Look, we've said before, we're focused on getting some of these renewable energy projects done consistent with our integrated resource plan. And so Marty and his team are working very hard, looking at several proposals, and as we said in our prepared remarks, that we plan on filing some CCN, still in 2021, to start addressing that. And so we don't have a specific number in terms of what we'll pursue. But we're looking to execute that plan. Simply put once we, when we do that we get further along the regulatory process, we finish our negotiations with developers, we think about the interconnection agreements to the extent needed. All those things will really dictate when we ultimately put them in our CapEx plan. But I would not suggest that 1,200 megawatts are outside of that -- all of that will be outside of the 2025.
WarnerBaxter: Yes. That's a great question. Look, we've discussed with you and investors in the past look, Ameren's dividend, and this dividend policy are really important matters to our Board of Directors. And so clearly the Board took careful consideration in terms of thinking first and foremost about the dividend policy. And as you know, we announced that dividend policy change that talked about the future dividend growth is really going to be in line with our long term earnings per share growth and within our payout ratio of 55% to 70%, which is what we talked about in the past. And so when they did that, we all collectively did that we also carefully considered the practice that we've been using over the last several years of raising the dividend in the fall or in October.  And at the end of the day, the Board of Directors came to conclusion that it was really just appropriate to align the dividend increase we announced last week with the simultaneous updating of the dividend policy, which I just described. And then also to align it with our discussion about long term earnings guidance, which as you know we typically do right now at the beginning of the year. And so I can never tell you exactly what the Board would do in the future. And I would expect the practice that we employ this year to continue in the future. So of course all future dividend decisions, as we've said before, are driven by all kinds of things earnings, growth, cash flow, investments, business conditions, those types of things, but I expect to practice that we've employed this year to be consistent in the future.
WarnerBaxter: Sure. Look, really our message around this Paul hasn't really changed. We talked last year and we'll continue to talk about that. As we see it as our legislators see it the downstate needs are different. And keep in mind when we think about downstate, I mean we are the major energy supplier downstate not just on the electric side, but on the gas side as well. So that downstate legislators looked at it and they clearly recognize there's some broad policy issues in the state of Illinois clearly in the northern portion. The state of around the nuclear plants, these are important issues and so we get that. And of course, we're engaged in those conversations, because we want to make sure that policy decisions made for the nuclear plants and others don't have negative implications for our customers' downstate. So we're engaged there. But similarly, we know the importance of investing in energy infrastructure on the electric and gas businesses, and we don't want to lose sight of that. And so we have proposed legislation, like we did last year that really is affecting the downstate, which is very consistent with what the state of Illinois wants to move towards a cleaner energy future. In this Downstate Affordability Act isn't just about grid modernization, let's just be clear, it is in part, and certainly around the gas business, that also is driving towards greater electrification, greater solar and battery storage, and its own standard policies that support these critical investments. So, now look if at the end of the day, we are -- we believe this is an appropriate approach. Of course, we're still early in the session, as Julien and I discussed a little while ago, and so we will engage with key stakeholders, other utilities on this important management. This is the direction that we think is appropriate, and certainly the sponsors of the legislation do as well.
WarnerBaxter: Hey, Jeremy, I am sorry. You are breaking it up. It is hard to hear the first part of your question. So and then our rate base growth. Look, if you could start again, I apologize. It just wasn't coming across clearly, please.
WarnerBaxter: Yes. So let me -- I'll answer the second part. And then Michael, maybe you can get a little bit into to the math in the first part. Couple of things; with regard to the renewables and the transmission, we do see these as meaningful opportunities to continue a rate base growth. Now, as we've said in the past, we're not out here, given our five year plan and whether it will be 100% additive in all respects. And that be premature for me to say that, but to be clear we see the real needs clearly in our integrated resource plan for renewables. And we are taking steps as we discussed earlier to begin executing that plan. In fact, we have already started that, as you know with regard to the 700 megawatts, but we believe it's absolutely a prudent and appropriate to do more as we transition to a cleaner energy future. That clean energy future really is not going to be coming forth if we don't have greater levels of investment in transmission. And so as we pointed out in our slides and before that these large regional transmission projects, which have really put our country in the position where it is today in terms of growth and renewables, we're going to need to do more of that. And so we see those as greater opportunities when they come in is a little early to say we had been actively working with MISO and other key stakeholders to try and put the process in place for those transmission investments to get going on those. As I've said before, those take time, and not going to be done here in a year or two, if anything, we might see some towards the back end of our 2021 to 2025 plan. But we certainly see greater levels of investment in transmission in the next decade to enable where this transition to a clean energy future. So stay tuned in terms of how it ultimately gets additive. But we see that as clearly potential upside opportunities. And, Michael, I'll let you address for specific rate base question.
WarnerBaxter: Yes, so Jeremy, this is Warner again. Look, couple of things. One, our system perform really quite well. Do we have our share of challenges because of the overall impact to the energy grid broadly in different areas of the country? Yes, we're impacted by that because of the interconnectivity, but our system performed well, and as I said before, certainly the fact that we had our coal fired energy centers running well, our gas storage operations doing very well. And those investments that we've been making over the last 5-10 years, it really paid off during this period of time. So no, we as I said, we did not have any significant reliability issues. And we're pleased to say that. Now, when you step back and say what is going to happen as a result of all this, I believe there will be greater levels of oversight or perhaps hearings. And as we all collectively try to understand how we can continue to improve the grid. I'm not going to speculate where it'll be it, whether there'll be, I think, likely state or federal matters but we're just -- we've been very focused on, as an industry is making sure that we're taking care of our customers collectively. But there's going to be more to be head on this to be sure. And we look forward to engaging with stakeholders should we be asked to, but I can be pleased to tell you and others, that's just a held up well, and we delivered customers safe, reliable electric and natural gas during this period of time.
WarnerBaxter: And Jeremy, honestly we're, it'd be premature for us to comment on that. We're dealing with the appropriate parties from a warranty perspective, from an insurance perspective, that work continues so if we -- when we have material updates on that we will provide it. But it's just too early for us to really comment any further at this stage. 
MichaelMoehn: Good morning, this is Michael. Yes, you see, you are right. I mean, we have a fuel adjustment clause in place Insoo that fully expect to those costs would flow through that there's a 95, five, sharing on that mechanism, as Marty said, I mean, there is this, look, do everything we can to possibly mitigate the overall impact on customers. And so there is insurance that both on the property side as well as the replacement power side not upon on whether or not we're going to get recovered there, but to the extent that we do, and obviously would go to mitigate a big part of that impact.
MichaelMoehn: No, you're looking at the right way. I mean it's up about $150 million per year, starting in 2022, from where we were before, and it really is driven by we got about $1.1 billion additional capital here. $16 billion where we were last February to where we are today at $17.1 billion. And it really is just to continue to conservatively finance this balance sheet. We like our ratings, where they are, being heavily wanted Moody's BBB plus at S&P, and maintain that capital structure right at about 45%. So that's really what it's being driven to do at the end of the day, Insoo.
MichaelMoehn: Yes, we haven't specifically given that in the past, I mean, it Moody's, we have a threshold, a third target, S&P we have a threshold of 13%. We have 17% threshold at Moody's. I would tell you historically we've been 19% 20%. It's been coming down a little bit over time as we've invested more in capital, but we've had some good margins there.
MichaelMoehn: Yes, I might comment just specifically for on O&M, and I'm not going to really comment on the overall bill impact itself. I think we've done a very good job, obviously, over time and managing that in terms of impact the customer, but if you think about the O&M piece of that as Warner pointed out, we've had some good success in managing those costs really on a flat basis over the last five years. And as we think about the future, we're obviously mindful of the capital that we're investing, and we're really focused on keeping that on O&M flattish over this five year forecasts as well. 
MichaelMoehn: Yes, Jeremy. And I'm not sure I completely followed your question. But let me try again, I can, you can do a little follow up, if it doesn't hit what you're looking for. I mean the overall rate base growth obviously has come down a little bit from where we were in February; it's just a function of obviously a higher jump off point here and in 2020, but still very robust rate base growth of 8% as noted on the slide. As we think about beyond 2025, and obviously, there's a large pipeline of opportunity there 40 plus billion dollars that we've indicated. And look, we'll have to just continue to assess over time, how we continue to phase this into the capital plan, we're mindful to the previous question about customer affordability, and just managing overall rate impact. So that's got to be factored into all this just overall financing those types of things. So I think there's lots of opportunity there in terms of the overall runway, and we'll just continue to update as we move through time. 
