Warner Baxter: Yes, thanks, Jeremy a couple of things there. One, I do think clean energy legislation is a focus for the legislature. I think just by the fact that you see so many bills that are being discussed out there and rightfully so right. The clean energy transition is obviously very important not just for Illinois, but across the country. Certainly as I said in my prepared remarks, there's no doubt that there are several bills that are being considered whether there's a grand bargain, if you will or whether these bills are put together look, it's just too early to say. The only thing I can say is this, is that we are at the table with key stakeholders trying to find a solution and to advocate for the downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act. Because as you heard me say many times, that Act that - those provisions are performance-based rate making approach has really delivered significant benefits for our customers and the entire state of Illinois. So, we have until the end of the month to try and get something across the finish line. Richard Mark and his team have been working tirelessly at that. Now to say their tireless work and the work that we've been doing for many years has already elicited strong bipartisan support. So, we're hopeful to get the proper provisions and a final piece of legislation.
Warner Baxter: Jeremy, lots to unpack there. Let me see if - I'll try to respond to those things, and Michael and Andrew will help me if I haven’t hit a point, but certainly come back on. Let me answer your first question - your last question perhaps first. As I said in my prepared remarks, there's about $6.5 billion of regional transmission projects that really were deployed across the MISO footprint over the last decade, if you will. We did about $2 billion of that. Now that doesn't mean - there is a different time, different place. But obviously we did 25%, 30%, almost of those, and it's because of our location in the MISO footprint. And so that's just number one. Two, what you said at the outset, I agree with. It is a very exciting time to be in the transmission business and especially one in the MISO footprint.  When you're sitting in the center of the country, what MISO does with its transmission is integral to the clean energy transition for our country. And so, what you're seeing today is obviously - is a preliminary list of projects that were informed certainly by stakeholder conversations, as well as integrated resource plans and state energy policies, among many other things. It's hard to say just exactly what will ultimately come out of, let's just call it, the transmission plan that will be filed later this year. But the way we look at it and we look at that Future 1 which we showed on that slide, we think that there are a lot of projects contained in that that we think are really kind of no regrets types of projects. It's premature to put a number on it and which projects will go. Because what MISO does now is now they've put out this road map, they are basically looking for input from stakeholders. And so, you can expect throughout 2021 stakeholders will be providing input into that road map. And with that input, MISO will ultimately prepare their long-range plan, their MTEP is what they call it. And we expect that to be filed in the fourth quarter. Ultimately, a process from there Jeremy has been some more input. But ultimately, the MTEP is put before the MISO Board of Directors for vote and hopefully approval by the end of the year. So, it's not too far away but that future one is, I would say, the first step. But then as you look beyond that, as we said in future three, obviously those investments continue to grow over time. And as we said, they range from $30 billion to $100 billion. Those are MISO’s preliminary estimates that will continue to be refined. So hopefully that gives you some of the sense. I'm not sure if I missed, if I addressed all of your questions in there. But I think I got them all there.
Warner Baxter: It's a little premature to say that. These are things we look at. Obviously there is some opportunities that we're looking at even in connection with the Missouri Integrated Resource Plan. So a little early to be making those kind of judgment calls, but stay tuned.
Warner Baxter: Sure, well I will say one thing that we are encouraged by in terms of what the Biden administration has done. It’s number one. They're very focused on providing significant funding for new clean energy technologies which we think is going to be so important for our industry, for our country to get to a net zero carbon future by 2050 which is certainly our goal. I think the other thing that you're seeing is you understand. Why you put out a bill that really has some - I think some very good incentives to invest in clean energy technologies and those incentives range from tax credits. They range from tax normalization policies to give opt out provisions. They include tax credits also for transmission. And so, we look at the provisions that build on that. I won't go through all the details here. That bill will really have a direct impact on the overall cost to our customers. And so, we're obviously very encouraged and enthused about that so, a lot going on in Washington DC. We're at the table working with the stakeholders. And we are hopeful that we will continue to see progress and incentives for clean energy technologies here in the next several months.
Warner Baxter: Sure, Shar, one of the things as you talk about veto session in Illinois. And Illinois is a bit unique, perhaps, compared to other states whereby the veto session isn't really just there to address bills that have been vetoed but also can address bills that have been presented during the regular session. So to be clear, I'll say this first, we are very focused on trying to get something across the finish line for the benefit of our customers in the State of Illinois on energy policy here by May 31. But your question is what, what if it doesn't happen here in the next several weeks? Well then it could be brought up in the veto session. And our approach would be very much of what we've been doing. We will continue to strongly advocate for the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act. And the reason why we will continue to strongly advocate for it is because it has strong bipartisan support. We have House bills and Senate bills with strong bipartisan support as well as supporters from north and the south part of the state. And so, we're going to continue to push for that because we - strongly believe it's the best policy going forward for the state of Illinois. It isn't just because we believe it, it’s because it been delivering results for almost a decade now. And that's why we're going to continue to advocate for. So, I do think people say whether it's a priority, I will tell you there are conversations going on in the state of Illinois around energy policy. So, I know they have other priorities that they have to balance but I do believe energy policy is one of them.
Warner Baxter: Well, we are - we're in the homestretch in the state of Missouri at the end of this week. And Marty Lyons and his team have been working hard on that. And we provided some perspectives but Marty you have been in the middle of that. I'm just going to turn over you. Maybe give us the latest update if you don't mind.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Julien so, a couple comments there. It is really premature to really say exactly which of those projects will ultimately show up in the MTEP. I think myself did a fine job of putting together this long range plan which gives us collectively an opportunity to weigh in on it and to try and keep really our finger on the pulse of all the things that are going on around the country, not just in the states but around the country. So it just is too premature. But I will say this, that we, as well as MISO and other stakeholders, there is a sense of urgency to address this, these matters because we see the clean energy transition coming, and we know that transmission is critical to its success. And so, consequently, there's a significant amount of interest, a significant amount of work being done. And so we're not too far away from really hearing what that's going to be. The fourth quarter is really, for all practical purposes, right around the corner. And as you know, some of these projects, as you said, they take time to plan, get approval, and ultimately to execute. So, again, as we see this, and I've said this in the past, it's really just - the study really is consistent with what we've been talking about really for the last several years. We see significant transmission opportunities, and should they come in the form of this MTEP or otherwise, we think they're probably, if there are any, would come towards the back-end of our five-year current capital expenditure plan, but especially in the second half of this decade, you see some of these transmission projects really come to fruition. And as I’ve said before, we're well positioned, well positioned to execute on many of those projects. So we're looking forward to it.
Warner Baxter: Yes, I appreciate the question, yes. So, if you go back to February, yes the same, the same metrics that we gave, we're doing $150 million here in 2021 and then $300 million 2022, through 2025. All of those assumptions still stand today. And this ATM is going to allow us to execute against that.
Warner Baxter: You bet. You bet. Well, I think there are a couple of them one, we've - probably more than a couple frankly there are several. And one, we talked quite a bit about already today and that's transmission. So as you know we present investment opportunities for 2030 of $40 billion plus of investment opportunities. And one of the reasons we put that plus there is because transmission. So that $40 billion number that we have of investment opportunities does not include any of the regional transmission projects that we've spent quite a bit of time talking about already. So, Stephen, that would be certainly one meaningful upside to our investment profile that we have prospectively. A second one and another one that we've talked about - and again, I mentioned this a little bit earlier. Is electrification and the infrastructure that has to go for the greater electrification especially for the transportation sector in our country. Now, our long-term plan has really no meaningful investments associated with the electrification of the, transportation sector and as you listen to the policymakers discuss the need for a cleaner energy transition in this country and lower carbon emissions. Well, the transportation sector is the greatest carbon emitter in our country today. And so, you've heard certainly the automakers and others continue to lean further in. Well, we're going to lean further in, too, and we have been. And so, I think that, too, is a significant opportunity. But I'll tell you, just to be clear you know what I’ve done with all of our investments in grid modernization. We need to continue to make investments in the grid both in Missouri and Illinois to make sure that the grid continues to be reliable and resilient. So, as we look at those investment opportunities which could also then include renewable - greater levels of renewable energy over time, we have quite a bit in there. But times as we said could change if policies change those two could be investment opportunities. I didn't put a specific number on those. But they're sizable. They're sizable. And so, we see our robust infrastructure plan that we have already today continuing for some time.
Warner Baxter: Yes, thanks Steve. And yes, I would say it's a bit too early to say. To what extent, FERC will get more engage in the RTO processes, which have obviously been very well defined over the years. And whether FERC will engage in that, it's just premature to say. What I will say is that certainly the clean energy transition and the importance of policies to support that clean energy transition are important issues for we certainly as transition owners, but also for FERC. And I think Chairman Glick and the commissioners there recognize that. I think you're going to continue to see greater levels of attention and focus at FERC on things that they can do to accelerate safe, reliable, and affordable transmission build around the country.
Warner Baxter: This is Warner, I simply can't predict that. I really don't know. Obviously you're right. It's not something that's directly correlated to us. But obviously we keep an eye on all things that could have an impact. But let’s hope it wouldn't be appropriate for me to comment on that.
Warner Baxter: Sure, well Paul, I mean the reason we bring it up certainly in our prepared remarks is because we believe that the potential direction that FERC is taking is inconsistent with FERC policy its inconsistent with the intention of the law. And we think right now is the time where FERC should be doing everything it can to incent companies, to join and remain in RTOs. And so we bring that up simply because of that. And certainly, we think the 50-basis-point adders, is absolutely positively appropriate for us to have because we've given up control of our system. So I think that's in the first instance. We're not trying to be any more specific than that. And that we are going to work very hard here between now and the end of the month and put together our comments like others in the industry to state our position very clearly to FERC.
Warner Baxter: Sure, sure a couple things, just to refresh everyone's memory. So our argument was held in December of last year. And so, that case, and this was review case is simply before the appellate court now. We said we expected a decision this year, but I'll tell you that the appellate court has no timeline in terms of when they must issue a decision. But we would think in the normal course, we would expect to see something this year. So we simply don't know. Look - the question is whether we get an unfavorable ruling. I'll start with this. We believe we presented a very strong case to the courts in this matter in December. And then should they ultimately rule against this. We'll step back and assess what actions we need to take at that time. And so, it’s would be really premature to speculate on what actions we would take and what impact it might have on our overall plan. So, if and when we come to that we'll address that in due course. So, stay tuned is probably the best message here.
Warner Baxter: Certainly, as Marty stated before, securitization is a tool for several things whether it would be something that would apply here. We'll just have to wait and see. But first things first, we're focused on winning that case before the appellate court and then continue to execute the plan that we laid out before the Missouri Public Service Commission and our integrated resource plan.
Martin Lyons: Sure, Warner. Yeah, you're absolutely right. Securitization isn't something that we see is required to isn't something that we see as required to be able to carry out our integrated resource plan. But we do think it would be a good tool to have in the toolbox of the commission especially as crafted in Missouri. So you're right. There have been aversions going through the House and the Senate. They're very, very similar at this point. Last night, actually, the Senate passed the House securitization bill which is HB734 and they did make some slight modifications to that. So, now, that goes back to the house to the fiscal review committee and we'll see whether that can be then voted on in the House. We may see actually some action as early as today. But in any event what has to happen over the remainder of the week is that the language needs to get conformed between the two, the Senate bill, the House bill. Like I said, they're very, very similar at this point and ultimately needs to be passed by the end of the week. As Warner indicated, the legislative session ends on May 14th this Friday - this Friday afternoon. So, in any event, we're very close. Can't predict whether it'll actually get done, but it's really positioned pretty well for success. So we'll keep our fingers crossed for the remainder of this week.
Martin Lyons: No, there's really no change to the integrated resource plan. When we filed that last September, we filed it believing that it was the most affordable process and most reliable process for transitioning our fleet over time. And so we stand by the integrated resource plan that we filed. Of course, we've been getting comments on that. We expect that ultimately the Getting comments on that. We expect that ultimately the commission will rule on whether that process that we went through was appropriate. We certainly believe it was. And it would only be through consideration of changes that might occur over time that would cause us to modify the IRP. We still believe the preferred plan that we filed as the appropriate pass. Securitization passes, there would not be any immediate impact on the integrated resource plan. But like I said, conditions change through times. And we do believe having securitization in the toolkit of the commission would be a good thing to have.
Martin Lyons: Well, first, I firmly agree with everything that you conveyed. And when you look at the integrated resource plan that we filed, we've got four coal-fired energy centers. As Warner said, we've got very efficient coal plants. They operate very well. But with that said, in our integrated resource plan, we did lay out that we're retiring our Meramec facility here in 2022. We expect that that will be fully recovered at that point in time. We did propose the accelerated closure of both the Sioux and the Rush Island plants, Sioux by about five years and Rush Island by about six years. So Sioux would close in 2028, Rush Island in 2039, and then Labadie, which is our largest plant and most efficient plant, would close in two stages in 2036 and 2042. So, again, we've accelerated the expected closure of two of our plants, and those accelerations and the recovery of those are actually reflected in the rate review filing that we made here in March. So we're looking to accelerate the recovery of those plants. And then of course the rates are also positively impacted by the expectation of Meramec closing. So, those things are reflected there. That's historically the way we've handled things in Missouri. And again as Warner said, when we filed the IRP we made a host of assumptions. Conditions can change and vary from the assumptions that we made through time for a variety of reasons. And as I said before, securitization is not going to change the integrated resource plan, preferred plan that we have today. But if conditions change versus the assumptions we've made through time, again securitization will be a good tool to have in the tool box.
Martin Lyons: Yes, if there are no changes made in the House, then it will go to the governor. So if they make - the Senate voted it out last night. And if the House makes no changes and votes it out then it will be done and off to the governor.
