Warner Baxter: Sure Julian all good and reasonable questions. So let’s start with the growth rates. As we announced today 5% to 8% expected compound annual EPS growth from 2016 through 2020. Obviously the key there the big drivers rate base grow and as we announced today, we’ve got 6.5% compound annual rate base growth planned for the period 2015 to 2020, which obviously is smack in the middle of that earnings per share growth range as well and that rate base growth is the foundation. And we’d say that -- I’d say that that growth rate of 5% to 8% incorporates a range of outcomes in terms of treasury rate assumptions. As you know that over time in our planning, we look at consensus estimates for growth in the third year treasury rate, which today I think economists are expecting it to raise about 200 basis points between now and 2020. But when we look at that growth rate range it accommodates a number of alternatives both that increase in treasury rates over time as well as even a low interest rate environment like the one we’re in persisting over this period of time. So it incorporates a range of outcomes in terms of treasury rate assumptions, ROEs, regulatory decisions, changes in economic conditions etcetera. In terms of sales growth, our embedded in our forecast over this time is about flattish, sales growth through this period, but for the energy efficiency programs, we would expect to see modest growth, but as a result of the programs that we’ve got in place, we do expect it to be pretty flattish over this period of time.
Warner Baxter: Yeah just to be clear with bonus depreciation, which is I mentioned on the call had an impact of more than $900 million we now don’t expect to be a federal cash tax payer until 2021.
Warner Baxter: Yeah I think it's premature to really -- and it' pretty premature as I'd say get into that. We'll -- as we mentioned on the call, we're going to obviously watch the Noranda situation closely. Pending conclusion of the legislative process, expect to file a rate case and I think at that point we'll see what that impact might look like.
Warner Baxter: Really premature to get into that to Julian. Look, I think that what's happened with Nuranda and their outage is very recent, certainly unfortunate. We're watching the situation closely and making plans for the potential to file in that rate case, but it would be premature to get into what the test year would be at this time. Clearly as we do think about that case, we're thinking about the situation with Nuranda also thinking about capital expenditures rate base that we have planned for later this year as well as other cost drivers of our business and so all of this things are going into our thoughts about the timing of that rate case and as you mentioned things like test year considerations.
Warner Baxter: No I'm saying that I did. I think where economists are today Julien out in 2020 is around that 4.8%. So it's about not 200 basis points above where at the current 30-year treasury really sits today.
Warner Baxter: Yeah sure let me Paul, let me talk about that. Consistent with the guidance that we've provided in the past and as you look at this new guidance it is not dependent upon any change in the regulatory framework in Missouri. We've had about 2% rate base growth guidance in our prior guidance. We've got about 2% rate based growth incorporated into this guidance and as we mentioned on the call have incorporated into the capital expenditures in Missouri some incremental cost of compliance with environmental regulations. But it doesn't -- the growth rate that we've got here both in terms of the rate base as well as the earnings growth doesn't -- isn't dependent upon some change in the Missouri regulatory framework.
Warner Baxter: Thanks and Paul this is Warner. I would just imply I agree of course with everything that Martin just said, but no doubt that the one thing that we've been very clear about that if we have the ability to enhance this framework to support investment in Missouri, we will do so. And how that fits into the context of the big picture plan, as Marty said that's something we'll step back and access. But we would expect to put more money to work in Missouri and we think there is significant opportunities to do this, to address aging infrastructure, to address things like reforms renewable energy, to address things like cyber and physical security, go down the line including some of the advance technologies that we're putting to work over in Illinois. These were things that Missouri needs and things that we would clearly be looking at.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Michael, this is Warner and I'll start and then Michael Moehn and certainly jump in. I think a couple of things to think about. Number one that the sponsors of the bill, they thoughtfully consider whether to immediately file a comprehensive bill or as you say -- I would say an outline of key objectives. I think that the objective there is to file the outline to give stakeholders the ability to provide input into certain approaches it might be utilizing the bill and so that's really where things stand today. I think the outline is pretty clear in some of the areas that will be covered, but the specifics are still being worked out and so I think as you saw we talked about, we're clearly going to be focused on issues around addressing regulatory lag especially those associated with investment, that's outlined in the bill. Certainly important consumer benefits whether it be in the forms of earnings caps, rate caps or even performance standards similar to types of things we've seen successfully employed in Illinois. And I think importantly what's embedded in all of that is strong oversight will continue by Missouri Public Service Commission. So it will be premature to go into details. I think those kind of specifics that are reflected in the bill that stands today, I would expect to see in the bill when it's found in its entirety and so when that is out, there will be a greater ability to kind of go in more detail with you and certainly the rest of the investors.
Warner Baxter: Michael, this is Warner. Look I think at the end of the day and we've had these conversations, I think there are several alternatives that are being considered out there. We've been clear in our conversations that we've seen the Illinois framework and how well it's working and how it's delivering for customers and the State of Illinois that's part of the conversation. And of course there are other pieces of the conversation that are being discussed amongst stakeholders as well, but no doubt, we see the significant structural changes happen in Illinois and we see the significant benefits that's being delivered. Those kind of conversations are clearly being had.
Warner Baxter: Sure, let me -- the rate case processes in Missouri take 11 months. So you're right about when the legislative session ends. So we’ll be thinking about those things as I mentioned thinking about again like I said rate base addition and the timing of cost to increase and things like that. One other thing to think about with respect to Noranda and we mentioned this on the call is just how their rates are structured. Their rate is lower during the period of October through May at around $31 per megawatt hour and then from June to September its around $46 per megawatt hour. So that margin differential and the impact on us is something we would be mindful of too as we look out to the conclusion of a rate case and when new rates would go into effect in the 2016 timeframe. So, those are all things that we would be mindful of.
Warner Baxter: Sure, what we said in the call and is on the slide is that we expect to earn within 50 basis point of the allowed and it really is a factor of some of the lag that we are experiencing in 2016. I mentioned the effects of some of the energy efficiency programs and some of the headwind we’ve got there. Some of the other things we identified obviously on the call just ongoing depreciation, transmission cost, you recall that formerly we had transmission cost in the FAC, but they came out in the last rate case. So as those costs have increased that’s creating lag and then property taxes and so all of those things are creating headwinds as we roll into 2016. As I mentioned we’ve worked very hard and we have plans in place to offset a good part of that with reductions in year-over-year operations and maintenance cost. And obviously we don’t give all of those details on the pluses and minuses on the call, but did want to provide you some frame of reference that net of all of those things and again if you exclude the Noranda impact, but you do go ahead and include a normalized level of Callaway refueling cost that we would expect to earn to within 50 basis points so that allowed. Our goal going forward as it has been in past is just try to earn as close to our allowed as we can that remains our goal.
Paul Patterson: On the long-term growth rate if you could -- how does the Missouri legislation -- proposed legislation get into this? Are we talking -- and the 2% rate base growth, does that include -- how does I guess let me ask you this, what's included in terms of the legislative, potential legislative outcome in the growth rate and that's what I'm asking.
Paul Patterson: Now before you guys have indicated and I think you suggested us today that your rate base growth has been stronger in Illinois because of the regulatory treatment, which it seems the Missouri legislation might give you something similar to that. So is there upside potentially within this growth rate or would it be within the growth rate if you got the Missouri thing if you follow me. In other words how much rate base growth in Missouri might it increase if you were to get the legislation you're proposing.
Paul Patterson: And just to circle back on Julian's question with respect to the interest rate, the treasury, it looks like right now that we're talking about 30-year around 2.6 and I guess you guys have a higher number for this year and it doesn't look like it's that big a change in EPS. But just in general how should we think about your projections versus what we're seeing right now. You said these economists are projecting this, but just you guys give a little bit more of a flavor for that.
Marty Lyons: Yeah sure it's reasonable question, I think it's certainly premature to speculate whether legislation would -- how much that might impact capital expenditure plans. I would go back to -- we feel very good about 5% to 8% earnings per share growth rate and 6.5% rate based growth rate. We think those are very solid growth rates compared to our peers and to your point to the extent that we do have a change in the Missouri regulatory framework I think we have to step back and assess whether to the extent that we did have additional capital expenditures would they be incremental to this growth rate. Or would we modify the capital expenditures plans we have and still delivered I'd say within this 5% to 8% earnings growth range. So look if that does take place, if there is a change in the framework we'll step back and we'll update as appropriate.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Sure Paul. So in the slides to your point we give a sensitivity around Illinois ROEs that have 50 basis point change in the ROEs is about 2.5% for our Illinois electric distribution business. So to your point treasury rates today are lower than what we have embedded in the guidance. But we've had that situation before as well and certainly we have been able to deliver on our overall earnings guidance. And so that $0.025 as I mentioned for 50 basis points $0.025 variants is not a large number but we continue to monitor it and we'll continue to manage our business around it. In terms of the longer term, as I was saying the 5% to 8% earnings growth target but the foundation Paul is the 6.5% rate base growth and that 6.5% rate base growth as I said is smacked out in the middle of that range and that really anchors that growth. And as I said then there is a range of treasury rates around it. Certainly not meaning to imply that it was -- we were dependent upon a 200 basis point rise in treasury to hit the midpoint of that guidance. The upper end to that range, the lower end to that range incorporates higher treasury rates or perhaps current or lower treasury rates. So there is a range of treasury rate assumptions that go into that 5% to 8%. The midpoint again is anchored on that rate base growth at 6.5%.
Marty Lyons: Sure Steve, I appreciate that. Yes, I would say the $27 million is there to be an incentive for us. So it's our goal as we go into these energy efficiency programs to really have these perform for our customers and we are incentivized to achieve the goals and we look forward to hitting the marks to be able to earn that $27 million performance incentive. Between now and then, the way the new program is designed is to really be earnings neutral, that as we get these programs underway here in 2016 lead to the extent that there are negative impacts on our sales that those will be offset by revenues provided under the program. We wanted to be clear on the call and hopefully were that in 2016, 2017, 2018, those programs shouldn't produce either in that positive or negative result. It should be earnings neutral over that period. But like I said, we're incentivized to provide good programs to our customers, valuable programs to our customers and if we're successful in doing that, which we expect to be would put ourselves in a position to earn that performance incentive in 2019.
Marty Lyons: Yeah Paul this is Marty again. Yeah in the call I think what we have clarified was that there are couple of different things, one has to do with the temporary nature of this impact. And that ultimately it's a temporary impact because as we file a rate case and we incorporate the reduction the sales to Nuranda then that impact would go away in terms of the overall revenue requirements and our revenues will be formulate in the context for rate case. What an accounting authority order would potentially allow you to do would be able to defer the impact of these lost revenues between now and when rates are reset for potential recovery of those costs. And we could either do that as an accounting authority order or also as we pointed out in the call, you could make that request as part of a rate case. So there is a couple of alternatives there. I think one key is that it's not -- there is really no time limit on that meaning if you were to file an AAO it wouldn’t just be for prospective impacts. You could also request it as part of that to recover the lost revenues from the date the incident first happened forward in time. So there is not really a clock ticking on that. So we'll consider those options as I said before certainly very unfortunate what's happened with Nuranda here in January with the outage. They still have one part running. They've announced that they do expect to shut that down. But I think we'll let that play out and see ultimately what does happen and then consider these regulatory options that I just laid out.
Marty Lyons: It's theoretically yes. I think the important thing to know when we think about this being temporary is that we do expect to pending completion of this legislative process. We would expect to file a rate case and ultimately that's what we'll stem these financial impacts. But yes, theoretically through the AAO or through the request as part of the rate case, these lost revenues could be recouped. However, you should know that that may not occur to the extent it does occur, it may not occur in 2016. But again to the extent you requested this as part of the rate case, would be more likely that to the extent that those -- collection of those revenues was granted by the commission that, that earnings impact will be reflected in 2017.
Marty Lyons: Glenn, it's a reasonable question and I don't really have the full layout of the transmission. I'll tell you that overall though on our capital expenditure plan that it's pretty evened out over this period of time. Obviously, one of the things we're looking to do over time is to be able to achieve steady rate based growth and so when you look at that $11 billion of overall capital expenditures that are planned for the five-year period, and you look at our CapEx today, which is about $2.155 billion, it's a little below the average of $11 billion of five-year spend. So over this period of time, we're looking to spend in any given year I would say, anywhere between that $2.155 billion up to about $2.350 billion over this period of time and obviously again trying to achieve as best we can to steady rate base growth through time. Obviously in Missouri, where you've got periodic rate cases that can be a little bit lumpier, but again over time, the goal is to have that steady rate base growth through the deployment of capital.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, sure. This is Marty again. In terms of the $0.13, we do have the opportunity as a result of the fuel adjustment clause to be able to retain margins on our system interchange sales that we make as a result of the reduced sales volumes to Noranda. So when we look at it, we look at the differential between the rates that Noranda would have been paying and the price that we can get for those kilowatt hours in the wholesale markets. When we look at that and around the clock price today and anyhow is probably around $27 per megawatt hour, but there is also a negative basis differential to our plans and frankly over the past couple of years that’s been running 15% to 18% kind of a basis differential. So, those are the factors that we take into consideration and the calculation of that expected $0.13 drag on 2016 earnings.
Marty Lyons: I guess the best I can tell you when you -- through the quarters is just again to go back to Noranda’s rate and then you can go ahead and look at power prices, but the Noranda rate again between October and May is about $31 per megawatt hour and then during June to September its about $46 per megawatt hour. So that's how their rates break down and then you got to compare it to what you think the off system sales price might be for each of those periods.
Marty Lyons: Yes, there is some lumpiness and if you just looked at the Noranda revenues, you would say that the bigger impact would be in those summer months.
