Marty Lyons: Yeah, sure, Nick. This is Marty. Thanks for the question. So as we said on the call, we do plan to file for an electric rate case as early as July. Recall that we've been saying for a while that we expected to file between May 1 of this year 2019 and May 1, 2020. We really have to file before May 1 of 2020 in order to keep the fuel adjustment clause. And, of course, our rate case when you think about it, Missouri typically takes 11 months and only allows for rate base true-ups to a date about six months post-filing. So those are some considerations or constraints when you think about the timing of these cases and you think about the wind assets being completed in late 2020. So in any event as we said on the call, the file in July allows us to do a couple of things; updates rates for infrastructure investments and other cost of service that have changed over the past few years and incorporate these lower coal and transportation costs into base rates; and then number two, it provides us flexibility around the timing of that next rate review to include the wind. A couple things to note related to your question. I mean, our last rate update was in April of 2017. It was based on a 3/31/16 test year with the true-up to 12/31/16 so it has been a few years. And, of course, the PISA that we began to use late in 2018, again didn't apply to any rate base infrastructure investments made before that date. So those types of things would be picked up in this base rate increase. With regard to your prospective question on the wind assets, I mean you're right. The PISA and RESRAM will allow investors to make sure that they're whole in terms of the return on the wind. But as you might recall both the cash and the recognition of a full equity return will not be recognized until after a subsequent rate review. So including those wind assets in a rate review will be important in that regard.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Nick thanks again for the question. So, look the bottom line answer to your question is, no. We still feel like the financing plans we talked about on the second quarter call are appropriate. You recall that as it relates to equity that includes issuing equity through our dividend reinvestment employee benefit plans over the course of the next five years, it's about $100 million per year. And then also incremental common equity issuance to fund a portion of our ultimate total wind investment. And so those are the plans that we have and we're going to stick with those. I appreciate your question about the Moody's action though. Just one consideration amongst the number when we think about financing our business going forward, we were pleased with the action Moody's took. For those on the call, you'll recall that our Ameren Corp. issuer rating at S&P is a BBB+ with a stable outlook. There we have an FFO-to-debt threshold of 13%. At Moody's we have a BAA1 issuer rating with -- also with a stable outlook. And there's where as Nick points out, Moody's lowered the threshold on the cash flows from operations pre-working capital to total debt. They lowered that threshold from 19% to 17%. So we are pleased that Moody's took that action. We believe it brings us that threshold closer in line with our peers. And certainly it does provide us some more flexibility with regard to financing within that range. But again it's just one consideration that we think about when we look at financing the business. We've always looked to maintain very strong balance sheets. On our call in February we said, one of our expectations over the next five years was to be able to maintain capitalization structures similar to those that existed at year-end and as existed March 31. And we seek to make sure that as we carry out these infrastructure investments including the wind that we position those for success in the regulatory proceedings that follow. So there are lot of things that we take into consideration but bottom line is we expect the financing plan we laid out in February to continue to be our plan going forward.
Marty Lyons: Paul, this is Marty. No. We'll make that filing and let it speak for itself. I mean I think we gave you some of the broad outline of what it will include which is not only the increased rate base and infrastructure investments over the past few years and changes in cost of service, but also noted that it will also incorporate in the base rates the lower coal and transportation costs which we've begun to realize over the past year. And so those are some of the broad things that will be included but no further specificity at this time.
Marty Lyons: No. I'll just echo what you said is that we remain confident that we're going to get this done. We're very focused on it, making good progress and very focused on making sure that we meet the renewable standard by the end of 2020.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Ashar, thanks for the question. You're absolutely right. So we guided at the beginning of the year when we talked about 2019 that excluding the impacts of the Callaway refueling and maintenance outage that we expected lower operations and maintenance expenses about $0.05 year-over-year from 2018 to 2019. And Ashar, we're tracking well against that expectation. You will recall that last year some of those higher O&M costs did come in the latter part of the year associated with some outages at non-nuclear plants as well as other costs. So my recollection is those were kind of back-end loaded last year but we are on track to achieve that $0.05 year-over-year improvement.
Warner Baxter: I appreciate the question. This is Warner. No, the bottom line is, no. As we said before we are focused on obtaining at least 700 megawatts of additional wind generation. And as I said on the call a moment ago, we continue to negotiate with developers for that additional wind generation. And we remain confident in our ability not only to negotiate successfully with those developers, but also to move through the regulatory approval process and get the facilities constructed in a timely fashion. So while we like to point to 700 megawatts, I mean we're very pleased with the fact that as we sit here today we have 557 megawatts not only negotiated, but approved by the Missouri Public Service Commission. So Michael Moehn and his team have worked effectively with stakeholders to get those deals across the finish line from an approval perspective. And so we look forward to bringing more to the Missouri Public Service Commission in the future. Keeping in mind as you I'm sure understand that trying to find projects that fit just nicely into 700 megawatts that just is not likely just because projects don't come in sort of byte sizes. And so as we look forward we'll look forward to the next deal to get done in a timely fashion and get it across the finish line.
Warner Baxter: Yes, Paul. So look I think as I said, this legislative session ends on May 31. And so as you know in Illinois it is possible that legislation can be passed during the veto session. And so while that's the case look I'll tell you that Rich and his team are focused on getting this important legislation passed this legislative session not the veto session. And so for all the reasons before we were hopeful that that will happen. And if it gets to the veto session look we'll just cross that bridge if and when we come to it but right now we're very focused on getting this across the line this veto session by May 31.
Warner Baxter: And to your point, look, I think Mike and his team have been working very hard to make sure we get the best deal for our customers, right? This is why we want to make sure we're thoughtful about it. Of course, we're mindful of 2020 and we're confident getting that done. We want to get the best deal for our customers and so that's exactly what we're doing.
