Warner L. Baxter: Yeah. So, Jeremy, so, lot to unpack there. Clearly, Michael laid out some of the trends that we have seen in 2020, and now obviously, we've talked a little bit about 2021 in the past. So, Michael, why don't you maybe touch on some of those trends? And then we can sort of look at the gas business and sort of the second part of that question.
Warner L. Baxter: Yeah. Michael, I think that's a great summary. So, I think Michael summed it up well. We continue to see really pretty much what we expected at the outset. We expected a modest recovery over time, and that's what we're seeing. And we'll get more guidance, of course, when we come out in our February conference call with regard to 2021 and beyond, so we'll be able to give you some more perspectives. You asked about the gas business. And so, keep in mind, the – our big gas business. We have a small gas business in Missouri, but the big gas business is in Illinois, and that's decoupled. And so, when you think in terms of COVID-19, the implications there are really nonexistent in terms of the overall impacts on sales and margins and the like.
Warner L. Baxter: Yeah, Jeremy. So, this is Warner. Look, I think that we'll be able to provide a lot more detail when we ultimately file the rate case. But as we've said before when we think about filing this next rate review, we're going to be mindful of the fact that we have some big wind generation projects, right, renewable wind generation projects that we expect to be substantially in-service by the end of the year. And so, that's clearly a driver, always an opportunity to true up for costs and sales. Those will, obviously, be drivers as well. But to say there'll be any significant variations at this point in time, it'd be premature. Marty and his team are diligently putting together that rate review. And as we said, we'll put together in the first half of next year. And so, I really think the best thing to say is that, obviously, the wind generation is a big portion of it, as well as the Smart Energy Plan, right? I keep and (00:37:16) not lose focus on the fact that we're making significant investments in Missouri. So, those will be some key drivers to be looking towards, and we'll be able to give you a better update when we file that plan sometime in the first half of next year.
Warner L. Baxter: Yeah. And I appreciate – this is Warner again. Clearly, the dividend is an important area of focus for our board of directors. And we've been clear all along that we target our dividend payout ratio of 55% to 70%. And so, as you know, over the last several years that we've allocated a great deal of our capital to rate-based growth, which has obviously driven strong earnings per share growth, which that couple with our solid dividend has really delivered really strong total shareholder returns. So at the same time, I think, as you pointed out, we've seen that dividend payout ratio now come lower down our overall range. And so, that factor coupled with our strong earnings per share growth expectations of 6% to 8% really positions us well for future dividend growth. Now, I can't ultimately predict that, but the point is that we try to execute our strategy and position ourselves for a solid dividend growth and perhaps even a greater dividend growth in the future. And so you saw our board of directors just increased it to 4% just recently. I think that's evidence of their belief on our overall strategic plan and their confidence in it. And so, we'll continue to visit that going forward, but that does just give us an opportunity certainly when you look at those metrics to continue to grow that dividend.
Warner L. Baxter: Yeah. So, Paul, this is Warner. So, yeah, and I said in the talking points, we do not expect comprehensive energy legislation to be addressed in the veto session which is coming up. They obviously have two sessions scheduled in November and December for certain days. So, we do not see that at this point. Of course, we can't certainly predict that. But as we sit here now, we do not see comprehensive legislation on really any of those fronts being addressed in the veto session at this time.
Warner L. Baxter: ...and there's a thing called a lame duck session. There's been no specific dates for them to set that. That would be sometime in January. So, whether they have that remains to be seen. That's ultimately up to the Speaker and the President and the Senate. So, no specific dates. But one of the things getting to the second part of your question is when might they take it up. I've learned long ago not to handicap, not just legislative proposals or when legislation ultimately be taken up. I would just say this, that there – stakeholders are absolutely engaged on energy legislation in a lot of various forms including the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act, right? That is continuing to be a topic of conversation, as well as comprehensive energy legislation to address items and issues that are being addressed up in the northern part of the state. And, obviously, we're very focused on things that are new in the southern part of the state. So because of that, I do expect energy legislation to be a topic of discussion in the next session, but I certainly can't predict when and what form it'll take at this time. All I can say is that Richard Mark and his team are advocating for the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act for all of the right reasons because we believe it will deliver a significant value for our customers, certainly for the state of Illinois. And we believe, too, it'll continue to deliver long-term value for not just customers, but also for shareholders. So, stay tuned.
Warner L. Baxter: Sure. Insoo, this is Warner again. We have filed our briefs with the appellate courts, obviously, putting forth what we believe are very strong arguments. And so, really, where things are at today is that we're waiting for the court to schedule oral arguments. And we're still hopeful to have those scheduled by the end of the year. So, that's – it's going through the normal process. Of course, there are no specific timeframe that the court has to act or to take specific action. But – so, we'll wait to hear the schedule, and it's still possible to have them still by the end of the year.
Warner L. Baxter: Sure. Look, if – as I said, we strongly believe we have a great case. But having said that, if things go against what we think is the appropriate answer, then we'll do what we always do. We'll step back. We'll take a look at what we believe our next steps are. It depends on the specific actions and things that the court says, of course. And then, we'll take a look and determine what we think, is the – in the best long-term interest of our customers and certainly our shareholders. So, it'd be premature to speculate just exactly where that might head.
Michael L. Moehn: Yeah. Good morning. Appreciate the question. Yeah, look, we did lay out quite a bit of detail, obviously, onto2020, and we continue to, I think, track pretty well with where we expected things to come out as we talked about the beginning of the year. I think for the most part, it's coming in about where we expected. The mix is a little bit different. As you think about 2021, I mean, we're doing a lot of different scenarios, Jeremy, and we're thinking about how this recovery is going to continue. And we are obviously modeling a recovery to continue into 2021, and we're looking hard within each of those sectors. And obviously, you've seen the strong piece on the residential side, industrial, it's come back for the most part. Commercial is the area we're spending a lot of time on just really trying to understand what that impact will be for retail, et cetera. So, we haven't, obviously, provided what we're going to exactly see for 2021 because we want to really see where 2020 continues to finish out here. Being really thoughtful about it, I mean, I – to be honest, I'm not seeing a lot of scenarios where we would gain all of that back; I mean, I'll be honest about that. But we clearly do continue to see the recovery continue in place. Now, all of that is premised on the fact that we wouldn't go back to any sort of shelter-in-place orders. And for the most part, where we're impacted by earnings here in Missouri, we're pretty well opened up. I mean, you do have certain sectors operating at some limited capacity, restaurants or retail, those kind of things. And so, we're assuming that some of that continues to come back. But again, all that's premised on the fact that we wouldn't have any significant sort of shelter in place at the moment.
Michael L. Moehn: Yeah. That's exactly right, Warner. I mean, we are decoupled for the residential and small noncommercial customer in Illinois, which is probably about 90% of the margin over there, Jeremy. So that's probably the – really the way to think about that for 2021.
Michael L. Moehn: (00:39:25), that's a great summary, I think, of the IRP itself. I mean, I think of just the normal kind of budgeting and stuff, the updates that we'll do in the February timeframe, we go through that process obviously throughout the year. We continue to look at capital allocation issues. And so, it'll be the normal updates just in the course of the business that we run through. And so, you certainly should expect to see that. And that's typically when we do that in that February call as well.
Michael L. Moehn: Yeah. Perfect, appreciate that question. Really what we've said in the past, I think you were referring to the 2.85% cap that was built in the Senate Bill 564. Really, there's only two things that have occurred. And again, that's a CAGR over that 2017 through 2023 time period. Two things have happened since that legislation was passed. We had the – obviously, the federal tax reduction that occurred in 2019 (00:40:30). We're able to keep half of that for purposes of that calculation. And then we just obviously concluded this last rate review, which was another 1% decrease. So we haven't specifically said exactly how much headroom, but to give you a sense that both of those things have been rate decreases. You've got the 2.85% CAGR, so it gives you hopefully an idea of what kind of headroom we have today.
Michael L. Moehn: Yeah. I mean, really, I think if you think about the reduction of the nickel, I mean, so, if you go to – through 9.30% (00:41:56), we're down about $0.04, obviously, on weather. We've had a number of COVID impacts there. You can see about $0.17 or so along with that. And as we thought about it, we've offset a lot of those COVID impacts, obviously, with some disciplined cost management on the O&M side. And really, it's about adjusting that down by a couple of cents on the weather piece of that, really, is what drove that decision.
Michael L. Moehn: Yeah. Hey, David. This is Michael. Probably won't be a terribly satisfactory answer. But I mean, I think – look, we're probably a bit premature to speculate on that. I mean, it's something that we will be very thoughtful about and we'll take a number of things under consideration when you look at it just in terms of what the overall rate impact is, the timing of it. I mean, hopefully, we'll be able to give us some additional color on that in February as Warner talked about. I mean, we don't want to get ahead of just the regulatory process there. But we'll be very thoughtful about it, but it's probably a bit premature to answer that.
