Warner Baxter: Excuse me. Thanks, Jeremy. Yes, look, as we’ve said before, we’ve said securitization is a great regulatory tool and one that we don’t see is necessary to execute our integrated resource plan, but certainly a great regulatory tool. So in the big picture, as we go down the path, if we see changes in policies, change in economic conditions or really the overall economics for renewables, perhaps we will look at securitization as a tool to use. But right now, we are very comfortable and like our integrated resource plan and complement Marty Lyons and his team really did a nice job working with stakeholders to get that across the finish line. And so Marty, why don’t you come on in and see if you have any additional comments on the securitization tool that we have available to us.
Warner Baxter: Sure. Thanks, Jeremy. And look, as we discussed really on our last quarter call and as we talked about in our prepared remarks. We really see transmission investment as being critical for our country’s transition to a clean energy future. And certainly, MISO being right in the middle of the country is going to play an integral role. And obviously, we have a big footprint in MISO. And so as we have looked at it, MISO has really done a fine job from our perspective. And we are really looking out to see what some of those long-range transmission projects might be. No, they are not definitive yet, but they laid out a real nice plan for us to really think about and work with key stakeholders. And that’s exactly what we have been doing working without the key stakeholders and say, okay, what are these projects that we need to move forward with. I would say MISO is still in the middle of that process with us and so many others. And as you know, they will take that long-range plan that we outlined in our slides. And they are going to put that and include aspects of that thinking in MISO’s transmission expansion plan, which is a process that we will, hopefully, see moving forward by the end of this year. So, beyond that, I would say the conversations and analysis continues. The only thing I will say is that we believe we are well positioned to execute many of those projects. And we believe if you look at that Future 1, that some of those projects are going to likely be in this intent that comes out here at the end of this year or perhaps some maybe into early next year, because those are some no regrets projects that are in there that we need to move forward on, not just in the Midwest but for our country. So, we can move forward on this clean energy transition. So, nothing specific yet, but needless to say, there is a lot of work going around with the teams to try and move forward on this important aspect of the clean energy transition. So, stay tuned, more to come.
Warner Baxter: Paul, a bit complicated. So, let me tell you, its Grain Belt is the name of the line that you are referring to.
Warner Baxter: Yes. And so I will make a couple of comments. And then Marty, you can talk about how the Grain Belt project has been incorporated, in some respects, at least commented upon in our integrated resource plan. But just big picture, whether it’s the Grain Belt or any transmission, obviously, permitting and siding is an important aspect of transmission. I think this is why you are seeing FERC and others, state commissions and others and legislators, take a very careful look at this because we have recognized that that’s an important aspect of getting any of these major transmission projects done. And some significant transmission projects are going to have to be done to – for us to affect the clean energy transition. And so one of the things I will tell you, we work very hard as a company at this, and that is being very thoughtful and reaching out with stakeholders in the communities early and often to talk about the needs for the transmission line, but also how we can work with those stakeholders in those communities, so we can get the permitting and signing done in a timely fashion. Shawn Schukar and his team have done that for years and years now. And this is why you have seen the success that we had in the last multi-valued projects that MISO did almost a decade ago. Now those projects were so successful is because a lot of work was done on the front end, so we could execute on the back end. As we look forward to any future transmission project, that’s exactly what we will continue to do. Now Grain Belt, obviously, as you rightfully said, that is not our project. But certainly it’s something that has received a lot of attention in Missouri and otherwise. And so Marty, I want you to comment a little bit about some of the things that we have been looking at in terms of Grain Belt as part of our integrated resource planning process.
Warner Baxter: Sure. Thanks, Paul. I have learned long ago not to make predictions about legislation. And especially in this particular case, it’s a complex piece of legislation. The only thing I can say is what I have said before and I will say again, Richard, Mark and his team, they have been working tirelessly for many months now with key stakeholders to try and forge a path forward. That is a constructive solution that’s going to enable us to make the investments we need to make in the energy grid and earn fair returns in the State of Illinois. And in so doing enhance reliability, create jobs and help really the State of Illinois and our country move towards a clean energy future. So, all of those things are all true. They remain true today, and we continue to be at the table with key stakeholders. But now I am not going to make any prediction in terms of time, weather or any timing, but rest assured, we are working hard at it, and we are at the table with the key stakeholders to try and get the constructive solution done.
Warner Baxter: You bet. Thanks, Julien. Look, we are encouraged that the Federal regulators and State regulators are not only talking, but they are trying to find a path forward. Because as I have said now several times on this call, the transmission is going to be a critical component of getting these major transmission projects done for our country. And so as we all know, the Federal regulators, FERC and the State regulators, their jurisdictions or lose the issues can sometimes overlap. And so things that are really important all the time is how we can sort through permitting and sighting. And clearly, another issue around transmission projects, especially these regional projects, which we are talking about in large part with these MISO projects, how you allocate the costs fairly and appropriately. And so what I think, Julian, what will happen with some of these conversations and what we hope to have happened is that there is a better understanding of the issues, perhaps a bit of a meeting of the minds, and so we can start moving forward in a more timely fashion than we might have otherwise had. And of course, when we are making the types of investments that we are making that we want to have, let’s say, greater levels of regulatory certainty. And so these things, I think, will be helpful. I am not suggesting that this task force will solve it all. But I think what it will do will provide a great forum for stakeholders, not just regulators, companies like ours and others to come to the table and say, “Okay, here are things that really matter, and here is how we can lean further forward in the transmission space,” which we, needless to say, strongly support the need to lean forward, further, faster in the transmission space.
Warner Baxter: Yes, lots to unpack in there, and so let me make a few comments. So number one, Marty a moment ago was talking about how we proceed to the integrated resource planning process. And he also said, a key element of the projects that we look at and select really look very hard at transmission, interconnections, where developers may be in the queue, to try and move things forward. And that’s frankly how we were successful in moving in a very thoughtful and timely fashion with our 700 megawatts of wind generation. So, what we are seeing there, this is all part of our due diligence. Are you seeing sort of a backup, yes. Are you seeing now that organizations like MISO are looking beyond just today, looking to the future with this long-term resource planning effort, the answer to that is yes, and that’s why we support it. It will, we believe, help alleviate, in the future, if you look sort of a decade out, which is really when you think about transmission projects, look just for tomorrow, you look, say, a decade out, what are the things that we need to be doing today to position ourselves for success in the future. So, we are encouraged by that. Are we seeing the increases in prices or challenges, well, it’s premature to say that. We are still going through the process, still talking to developers, working with MISO and others. But the only thing I do know is that we have, I would say, unique expertise to provide the analysis, but also unique expertise to execute these important transmission projects, not just for our projects, but frankly, the projects that I will have regional and frankly, countrywide, positive implications to move forward to clean energy transition. So, I don’t know if, Julien, that answered your specific question. This is certainly an important aspect of what we are seeing, but this is not new to us. And I will finish with this, too. The other encouraging thing that we are seeing is that, in particular, in this instance, MISO is working with the other regional transmission organizations, in this particular instance, SPP, to try and coordinate even better some of these transmission projects and needs. So, you don’t have surprises, right, when it comes time to try and move forward with a particular renewal energy project. That, too, is encouraging. And we look forward to the results of that collaborative effort from those two organizations. And I am sure PJM and MISO will be having similar conversations sometime done ago.
Warner Baxter: You bet. You stated it correctly, Julien, that none of these large regional projects that we outlined in our slides are reflected not only in our 5-year plan, but as you know, we look out 10 years, that $40 billion, we say $40 billion plus, while that big plus to that item is the potential for these large regional transmission projects. So, we are excited about that opportunity to be able to execute some of those. So, what’s the next thing to look at, look, I think that the MTAP, the MISO transmission expansion planning process, that will be really sort of your next visible sign. You will probably see – there may be some information out there towards the end of the third quarter into the fourth quarter. But the process itself, which ultimately goes before the Board of Directors of MISO, will be really in the fourth quarter at the earliest, as I said in my prepared remarks. That could go into the first quarter of next year. But that would be probably, I would say, part of the next data point, if you will, but not – but to be clear, as I said before, a lot of work is going on today to try and make sure that, that is gone as smoothly as possible. But that’s what I would be looking for a little bit later. Michael, you have a point there.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Well said. Thank you, Michael. That’s exactly right. We said we expect to be filing for sub-CCH still here by the end of this year. So, that would be another important data point to be looking for incremental capital expenditure opportunities.
