Marty Lyons: Sure, let me, I think there were three questions in there which are all good questions I appreciate. Let me make sure I try to hit them all though. I think the first one was about the EFCFC equity. Last year when we were constructing the Sioux scrubber we were certainly capitalizing all of the financing costs associated with that as part of the EFCFC – those are both interest costs as well as equity financing costs. Once the scrubbers went into service, in accordance with a regulatory agreement we were able to defer them for regulatory purposes: the depreciation associated with that scrubber after it went into service as well as all financing costs, both the interest financing costs and the equity related financing costs. And once we get to the point of our new rates going into effect in Missouri we would expect that all of those costs would then be getting recovered. For accounting purposes, for financial reporting purposes, we are able to defer the appreciation recognition and the interest financing costs associated with that scrubber. However, we are not able to continue to recognize EFCFC equity, so that was a plus last year; this year when you compare year-over-year results we don’t have those same EFCFC equity earnings. However, for regulatory purposes those are being deferred and we certainly will get those returns once the new rates go into effect. And we did, if you look back at our guidance we gave in February my recollection is we expected a $0.07 to $0.08 negative impact year-over-year related to that EFCFC equity issue. But I think that was your first question. The second question I think related to storm costs. We mentioned in our prepared remarks that we did have this year in Q1 about $20 million of incremental operations and maintenance expenses associated with storm restoration costs. That equates to about $0.05 per share and they have been included in the ongoing earnings – we have not stripped those out. So that was I think your second question. And then I believe your third question had to do with the Naranda [ph] related issue, and as we mentioned in our prepared remarks we expect that based on the Public Service Commission’s order in our fuel adjustment clause proceeding that in Q2 we would take a charge of about $17 million, and so that is also reflected in the ongoing earnings and is also reflected in the guidance we gave today.Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you very much for clearing that up.
Marty Lyons: Sure, Erica, thanks for the question. This is Marty again. When we look at the sales for the quarter as we talked about in our talking points, a couple things that I’d say impacted overall the native load margins: some of that was reduced residential and commercial sales which was in part due to the weather. However, when we strip out weather we do still see in the Q1 year-over-year some slight reduction in the residential and commercial sales. We talked at the beginning of the year about our expectation of moderate sales growth and what we’re looking for over the course of the year today is probably in the range across the company of around 1% growth in residential and commercial sales, probably a little less on the residential side and a little more on the commercial side, and that’ll vary a little bit from state to state as well. But that is what we’re looking for over the course of the year. In terms of industrial sales, if you’re getting to economic recovery, we did see again year-over-year pretty good sales growth in industrial even excluding the impact of Naranda [ph]. Overall we saw, as we talked about in our talking points, a 7% year-over-year improvement in industrial sales. Over the course of the year we don’t necessarily expect industrial sales to be that robust but we do expect that we may be able to still see mid-single digit improvement year-over-year in industrial sales. And again I’d say this year, seeming to be led by Illinois where we saw more outsized growth, Missouri excluding Naranda [ph] is frankly still down a little bit year-over-year in the industrial sector.
Marty Lyons: Yeah sure, Erica, and I’d be happy to sort of expand on that. When you look at the slide we prepared, slide 12, we tried to break down for you the main components of our overall hedged fuel costs. And if you look back at the changes, if we’re looking at ‘12 and ‘13 for example, we really haven’t changed at all the amount of hedges we have in place for transportation or fuel surcharges, so those amounts really haven’t changed. The coal hedges however have increased and those hedges have increased I’d say in line with the power hedges that we have in place. So we added some coal hedges to get the percentages up in line with our power hedges, and as we did that we were able to bring the blended average of our hedges down. And we tried to communicate that back in February that that was our expectation, that based on current prices and broker quotes that we believed that we would, as we put additional hedges in place we’d be able to bring the average cost down. And you know, at least as far as broker quotes go between February and now we’ve actually seen some improvement in pricing and as we put these hedges on we did in fact lock in prices that allowed us to bring the blended average down.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, sure Paul, this is Marty again. You know, we’ve talked about it repeatedly and we said on this call, our objective would be for that business segment to be able to provide for its own cash needs. So with that being the objective we’re certainly still looking at every opportunity to again sell power at prices, premium prices to visible market prices; we’re continuing to look at opportunities to further reduce operating expenses. We’ll look at opportunities to defer or reduce capital expenditures to the extent it’s prudent to do so, and basically take actions to limit the financing needs for that business. Other things that we’ve explored are things like we talked about today. We’re engaged at FERC and in the process of getting approval to sell our Columbia CTGs to the City of Columbia, again about $45 million of additional cash proceeds. So we’re going to look at opportunities like that to close the gap if there is one in cash flows needed for financing at that business.
Marty Lyons: Right, I understand Paul. The exposure is limited because after our last rate case there was a change in the way these sales are incorporated into the overall rate making and into the base rates. So the exposure was the $17 million but as we talked about on the call there was about $25 million of additional margins that have been recognized on these contracts for periods subsequent to the period affected by this ruling but prior to the new rates going into effect. So there is a little bit of additional exposure, however after our last rate case those sales and the margins on those were included in the overall base rate. And I think that’s one of the reasons, too, why we’re seeing a little bit of a reduced margin in this Q1 compared to last year. It has to do with the expiration of some of those contracts and the inclusion of margins associated with you know, all of our sales being included in base rates.
Marty Lyons: No, I’d go back to my prior comments, Julien, this is Marty. That CT that we talked about, just for clarity because I know you just transitioned and I know you realized this, that we transitioned a little bit from a Missouri discussion over to a merchant discussion in GenCo. There is a GenCo asset that’s being sold and that’s $45 million of potential additional cash for GenCo to finance its operations. But Julien, we’re at a point where I’d say we’re giving out any guidance with respect to ‘12 or ‘13. I’d go back to my prior comments that we are looking at every opportunity to improve margins associated with that business and reduce operating and capital costs to avoid the need for additional financing, and we’ll look at opportunities like the sale we talked about here – $45 million sale of the CT – to plug any cash flow needs that that business segment may need. So those are our objectives and that’s what we’re working to achieve.
Marty Lyons: Right, no I wouldn’t necessarily annualize those. I think that when you have a rate increase sometimes there are things that are annualized, like increases in depreciation or amortizations, however that would also include, Julien, things like changes in the timing of when fuel costs, for example, are recognized under fuel adjustment clause in Missouri. To the extent that the timing of the inclusion of a base fuel cost changes from period to period, that would affect the margins that we have for that segment. So I go back a little bit to what we mentioned in the comments about we did see some lower margins. We said part of that had to do with some of our weather-sensitive loads, also some of it had to do with these long-term requirement sales which again were included in the overall net based fuel cost calculation in the last rate case. So again, incorporating those and incorporating a different timing pattern of fuel costs you’ll get to a little bit different margin month by month. So I’m not sure you can get to a real run rate on the net other items.
Tom Voss: Yes, that’s exactly right. I mean we had never come out and- In Q1 we had talked about moderate sales improvement but I don’t think we quantified it, but what we’re seeing in Q1 is perhaps a little weaker than expectation but overall we expect the growth this year to come in reasonably in line with our original expectations and we’re able to maintain the guidance.
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. We’re just now really getting a chance to look at those rules and you know, they’re fairly extensive and fairly detailed and it’s really going to take some time to figure out how we’ll comply. We do think there’s maybe a little bit more flexibility than expected in the rules, but at this point in time we really can’t tell how that’ll actually play out on our particular plants yet.
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. I’ll take one stab at that and then maybe somebody else will want to jump in. It’s kind of early right now to really state a lot about how the markets will be affected. We certainly think that coming in it should help out with some of the administrative costs we’ve got at Miso and that would be a good thing. Actually how the market’s going to flow, I think it’s just too early to speculate on that at this time.
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. We’ve been planning for a long time. We weren’t just waiting for these rules. We had our own point of view you might say on where we thought they’d be and when implementation schedules, and we were working towards compliance. I don’t think anything that came out so far would change anything we’ve been working on as far as compliance. We still have time we think in order to figure out exactly the best way to comply with these new rules. As I said, they have some flexibility involved with them that we’re pleased with and we have to study it a little further to ensure, but we have time to change or adjust our implementation schedule.
Tom Voss: Yeah, I’ve got that, Andy, if I could be a help. What we’re seeing out there right now for dollars per megawatt years, in 2012 around $360 and in 2013 around $5300.
