Martin Lyons: Yes, Shar. A terrific question. You know that the QIP in the gas business in Illinois has been really, I think, a terrific rider for the benefit of customers. It's really allowed us to do a lot of projects in Illinois, as much as 50% of our capital expenditures, replacing underground pipes, et cetera, to improve the safety and reliability of our gas system. So it's been a good rider. Certainly can't predict whether any legislative effort to end it prematurely will be successful or not. As you said, it's already scheduled to expire at the end of 2023. So look, it's been a good rider. We'd love to see it extended. We'd love to see perhaps some other mechanism go in its place that would be similarly beneficial. But ultimately, we do have in the gas business in Illinois, a favorable foundation for ratemaking, which is a forward test year with other good features like decoupling. So look, as we move forward, we'll continue to see whether there's either an extension of that QIP or perhaps something else that goes in its place. But ultimately, we can reassess both, not only the projects that we've got but also the timing of rate reviews and the like. At the end of the day, we feel like the projects that we're doing there, the projects we have planned there are great for our customers, great for the communities, and we'll look for a path forward to making those investments.
Martin Lyons: Well, again, I think that you've summarized it well. At the end of the day, we've got $17.3 billion of planned capital expenditures over 4 quality jurisdictions. We expect that to drive 7% compound annual rate base growth. And really, that is the foundational driver of our 6% to 8% planned EPS CAGR over this period of time. But you also pointed out some additional opportunities we have, and those are specifically in the areas of renewable generation as well as some of these regionally beneficial transmission projects. And those represent potential additions to the capital expenditure plans and the rate base growth. So those are -- the things that you highlight are the things that give us confidence, not only in our ability to execute the $17.3 billion and the 7% rate base growth, but certainly conviction around that 6% to 8% EPS growth target.
Martin Lyons: Yes, sure. So I think as it relates to Rush Island, we'll be continuing to work with the District Court in terms of the plans forward for the ultimate retirement date of Rush Island. As we shared in our prepared remarks, there was a preliminary assessment done by MISO related to the closure of Rush Island, which really determined that there were upgrades and additional investments needed too for voltage support and long-range -- longer-term reliability of the system in light of that planned closure. And so now we'll be moving forward with filing an Attachment Y soon, which will be more of a -- I just call it a formal assessment. The preliminary assessment's done and that formal assessment will be done. And then once we've done that, we have to determine what the right investments are to be made on the system and get those planned and approved and executed over time. So some of the milestones to watch there, the MISO Y filing as well as decisions coming from the District Court around the retirement of that plant. So those are some things in that regard. Now specifically, in terms of the staff review, like I said, what they're looking to do here, I think, is really get a deeper understanding of the decision to close Rush Island as well as these reliability impacts that I've been talking about. Rush Island, as you know, is a 1,200-megawatt plant. It's been highly reliable. It's been low cost and provided great value to our customers over time. So in terms of their review, they'll be conducting that, there's going to be -- the commission has asked them to file a preliminary report around April 15, but there's really no deadline on any kind of a final report from the commission staff. And then we also, at the commission's request, we'll be providing monthly status updates in terms of the progress towards closure of Rush Island and I think importantly to what we're doing from a reliability standpoint associated with that. So those are some of the milestones to look for.
Martin Lyons: Yes. Really hard to at this point. We're in those early stages, like I said, through the preliminary assessment that MISO did clear. The transmission upgrades are going to be needed both for voltage support as well as to ensure long-term reliability of the system. So clearly, some transmission investment needs there. But it's premature to say exactly what those will be. Efforts along those lines, given the preliminary assessment are already underway to determine some of those things. But ultimately, it will be a process working with MISO in particular, to determine what those needs will be and how much of an investment will be required there.
Martin Lyons: Yes, Paul, good questions. Look, as it relates to this legislation, first of all, this plant and service accounting, we call it, Missouri Smart Energy Plan, has been working really well for customers. It's really allowed us to make significant additional investment in our system. We talked early on in the call about how that's just driving higher reliability. It's allowed us to deploy clean energy. It's really doing good things for the economy. We've created a lot of jobs and at the same time, been able to keep rates very low for customers. So it's really been working extremely well. And what this legislation really is all about is just making sure that we have a sustainable long-term framework to support continuation of those efforts. So it's really all about longevity of what the legislature put in place several years ago. And so that's what it's all about. You see some of the features we laid out in the slides: removes the sunset from the plan, which would be good, improves longevity to begin with; improves the economic development incentives, which have been really great for attracting businesses and helping businesses expand in our state. So it's improvement there. What the cap specifically is all about is today, as you see, there's a cap on the overall growth in rates, total rates. What we're saying here is that it would be better to have a cap, which is a good consumer protection, a cap, but it would be on the impact of these deferrals, the piece of deferrals that were really directed by that legislation. And so that, too, I think, improves longevity of the ability to utilize and -- this great regulatory framework long term.
Martin Lyons: Sunset on the current one is the end of 2023. Now when we say sunset, it doesn't necessarily go away. It just means that we would need to go to the commission and re-up or ask them to re-up for another 5 years. So we would need to make a filing and the commission would need to approve that for another 5 years.
Martin Lyons: Yes, it's the right way to think about it. That's right. That's why I wanted to clarify my thoughts. You'd use the word sunset and I'd responded, but it's not a hard stop. Just a check-in point, if you will, to go back to the commission and re-up for another 5 years. But you're absolutely right in the way you've characterized the legislation, which would be more of a steady state going forward.
Martin Lyons: No. Paul, there's really no -- we weren't really talking about coal ash cleanup expenses. It's really modifications to the impoundments that we have at these power plants in order to be able to continue to dispose of either ash or residuals coming out of our scrubbing. So again, what we said on the call there is, really don't expect to have any material impact from the EPA's decision. Part of it related to Meramec, which we have plans to close at the end of 2022. And then the other potential impact was at our Sioux Energy Center, and we are working through options, which we believe will ultimately mean that there's no significant impact in terms of the EPA's recent ruling.
Martin Lyons: Correct. It would just be a typical capital project that we would recover in the normal course of our rate review. And yes, correct. It is not going to be an overly material number as we sit here today.
Martin Lyons: Great. Well, I just wanted to say thank you to all of you for joining us today. As you can see, we had a really strong 2021. And we remain very, very focused on delivering again in 2022 and beyond for our customers, our communities and for all of you, our shareholders. So with that, please be safe, and we look forward to seeing many of you in person over the coming months.
Michael Moehn: Yes, the only thing I would add to that, Marty's really comprehensive answer, is with respect to Illinois, we kind of moved through this new process there in terms of opting into the multiyear plan. I think we'll continue to step back and assess the opportunities there. There obviously is a tremendous amount of projects that are needed to get done on the benefit of customers. We've made some great progress there, but there's just a lot of aging infrastructure. So as you know, we've been pulling that CapEx down a little bit over time just because of some of those returns. And so we'll assess that too as an opportunity, but Marty certainly highlighted the big ones.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Perfect, Marty. Yes. I think that's well said. I mean, just in terms of -- Jeremy, we said this before. We just don't want to get in front of the regulatory process on that, and we'll just continue to assess these over time. And as we make that determination and figure out sort of what is incremental to the plan, that's when we would step back and look at what our financing needs would be with respect to that. As we've said in the past, we like our ratings where they are today. We're very focused on our metrics. We're targeting this capitalization ratio of about 45% equity over the balance of the plan. That's really what's driven the $300 million that we have in there today. And again, it would kind of be just on a case-specific basis. I wouldn't see us deviating much from that honestly, so I mean if that gives you any indication of how we would think about financing this going forward. But we would assess it at that point in time. So hopefully, that helps.
Michael Moehn: And Paul, this is Michael. I mean, if we were to do that opt-in and then everything that sort of exists today from a cap, sort of all of that would continue to apply going forward, right? So the commission has the ability to extend it but not modify it in any way, just to be clear.
Michael Moehn: That's right. I mean, look, the CapEx is an important CapEx that needs to be done on behalf of customers. We'll have to step back, I think as Marty said in his answer, and look at if that was not in place, how we file rate reviews and those types of things. But this is needed CapEx that's driving reliability improvements for customers, safety improvement for customers, et cetera.
