Marty Lyons: Michael, that was well said. I would just say that as we look ahead to our gas business, we certainly see the opportunity and, frankly, need for continued investment in our infrastructure to ensure that safe and reliable for our customers. I think that the QIP that we've had over time, that infrastructure mechanism has really provided some good benefits for customers as we think about what it's enabled in terms of a timely investment in the system. So as Michael said, we'll certainly utilize the forward test year capabilities that we have under Illinois law today and continue to consider along with other stakeholders, whether a replacement for QIP is something that we can introduce in the future or not, we'll see. Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Yes, David, this is Marty. Yes, in our February call, we will plan to update you on our thoughts in terms of EPS CAGR from 2023 to 2027 at that point in time. We'll also, at that time, expect to update our capital expenditure plan which right now really runs through '26, we'll take that out through 2027. And we'll also update you on our expectations in terms of our rate base CAGR out through 2027. So those are all things that we plan to do on the February call. In terms of the overall investment pipeline, as we've discussed this morning, this year as a result of the Missouri Integrated Resource Plan, as a result of the MISO approving Tranche 1 projects, we bumped our overall 10-year pipeline from $40 billion to $48 billion. And as we mentioned in some of the specifics, some of those capital expenditures, we would expect to start to fall in the latter half of that five-year update. So those are things that we'll consider how best to fold-in to both our five-year CapEx guidance as well as that rate base CAGR.
Marty Lyons: Yes. David, I think at this point, haven't made a firm determination as to whether what will fold-in or not. I would say with respect to some of those competitive projects, while it's a little bit of a different thing than we faced in the past, I would say, traditionally, we've been a bit conservative about rolling those things in until we have better line of sight to those being projects that we would be able to firmly execute. So I would expect with respect to those projects, we take a bit of a conservative posture.
Marty Lyons: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. As you heard on the call, we've had a strong 2022 year-to-date. We remain focused on continuing to deliver strong value through the end of this year for our customers, communities and our shareholders. So Again, thanks for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you, I think, at the EEI conference, which is just a couple of weeks away. Thanks all and be safe.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I appreciate the question there, too. Historically, we really haven't given O&M guidance, especially as you think about some of these ongoing rate reviews, which makes it a little bit complicated at the end of the day. I would tell you that we continue to stay very focused on O&M itself. And if you look at kind of our year-to-date results, and I think Missouri is a good example. And you back out obviously some of the noise with COLI and some of the refined coal that got caught up in the rate review. We really have managed that to about 1.5%, 1.7% sort of increase. So I think the team has done a great job from a core perspective. We have made comments before that we continue to aspire to being flat over the time horizon we look out over the five-year plan. If you look at historically where we've been, I think we've shared a couple of these slides in the past, I think maybe the '16 through '21 period was the last time we were actually down over that period of time. So I always look to make it really a nondriver at the end of the day. I think we can give you a little more color as we get to February. But again, it is just a little more complicated because of some of the ongoing rate reviews as well. So hopefully, that helps.
Michael Moehn: Yes, I appreciate the question. I mean we really did try to provide some of that detail on '21 to give you a sense of sort of what's happening from a redemption standpoint. Obviously, we're going to have some just normal financings in the normal course. We didn't provide anything in there just because of what's going on with respect to rates. What I tried to also do, Paul, as you look at the recovery of interest rates in terms of how we think about it, transmission business. Obviously, formula rates got a little bit of a positive -- obviously, a positive hedge on the 30-year treasury offsetting in addition to you have a formula on the interest rate within the electric distribution business. And then Missouri itself, we're obviously in the middle of a rate review. So you'll be updating some of the capital structure and the cost of capital as we go through that rate review through the end of this year. So I tried to give that perspective just to give you a sense for what the impact would be in 2023.
Michael Moehn: Yes. David, this is Michael. Yes, so when we roll forward our plan in February ‘22, so we had $300 million basically of external equity through the balance of that plan, plus $100 million of DRIP as indicated, very pleased with where we are today. I mean we've gotten the '22 and '23 offer there. So you should continue to assume that $300 million ‘24 through the balance, we continue to target a capitalization ratio close to 45% over that five-year plan. So we'll stay focused on that. And then as Marty just talked about, as we roll forward into February and roll forward the new capital plan, obviously, we'll step back and address any financing needs as part of what happens with that capital plan itself, but you should continue to think about that $300 million at the moment.
