Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Julien. This is Marty. I'll start, and see if anybody else or Warner wants to add anything. But with respect to our overall capital expenditure plan that we've laid out for the 5 years that was in the slide Warner covered and we've shared previously, really, we don't see any change there resulting from the Meramec decision. Really, there, the Meramec decision in the context of certainly the rate case filing is probably where the biggest impact is, where we're looking to shorten up the depreciable life of Meramec to coincide with the expected retirement date of that plant. And that's driving, I guess, about $17 million of the overall increase we're requesting as part of the Missouri rate case. But overall, no change in our capital expenditure plans. And I'd say that in terms of how Meramec will impact our future generation resources and plans, as well as other considerations regarding the rest of our fleet, as you point out, will really be laid out as part of our October Integrated Resource Plan filing.
Martin J. Lyons: No, a fair question, Julien, but I wouldn't say any updated considerations. I think as we pointed out in our talking points, we were able to utilize commercial paper borrowings in order to handle the maturity of the $425 million parent company debt; obviously very low cost there associated with those commercial paper borrowings, less than 50 basis points of ongoing cost. We'll evaluate the need for and the amount of parent company financing, long-term parent company financing, over time, both in terms of considering how much short-term debt we would ideally keep outstanding and then how much long-term funding we would need. Longer -- certainly, some of that parent company financing right now is really going to support the transmission build-out that is occurring. And so longer term, we'll be considering whether to issue the more permanent financing at the parent company or at the transmission company level. And that's something that will play out over the next couple of years, as we build out that transmission business. So may or may not do some parent company long-term financing later this year or into next. We'll be evaluating that through time. In terms of other financing activities later this year, we do still plan to issue additional long-term debt at our Ameren Illinois utility company; again, there because of the capital expenditures for our electric and gas distribution businesses, but also for some of the transmission growth that we're seeing there as well.
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, I -- we laid all those out in testimony. So I certainly would refer you to there. I mean, I think right now, certainly, there's more uncertainty because the FERC really hasn't established any kind of a timeline for the MISO case. And therefore, it's really uncertain when they'll take the case up, assuming that they do take the case up, and then what the data will look like at the time that, that data is collected to determine the appropriate range of ROEs to consider. So I think the biggest difference that I would point to is just timing and the uncertainty about when the FERC would potentially take the case up and how that might affect the data that underlies the ROE determination. So I'd say that's the biggest factor.
Martin J. Lyons: I was just referring to things we filed previously in the back and forth. Hands on that specifically, we could certainly you help offline. But, no, we did not file anything specifically as a response or in reaction to the New England case.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, I'll -- Paul, it's Marty. I'll try to take those in reverse order. Certainly, not speculating on Noranda's operations and any risk or potential for closure there, but the -- your underlying -- I guess, the bottom line question there is, would it affect any of our CapEx plans? And the answer to that is no, that there wouldn't be any change in our -- the CapEx plans that we've outlined over this 5-year period as a result of that. Going back to your original question then, which was about the sales and the economy. I took the question out of order because I'll probably give a little more sort of lengthy explanation about what we're seeing in terms of sales and the economy. When we started off the year, you may recall that we expected sales to be down, the residential and commercial, about 1%, and industrial overall down about 0.7%. Year-to-date, what we're actually seeing on a weather-normalized basis is that our residential and commercial customers are up about 0.5%, and the industrial customers are actually down about 1.5%. And again, that's Ameren-wide. And so as we think about the remainder of the year, we've seen, like I said, a little bit more a positive in terms of residential and commercial through middle of the year. We're factoring that in, but still expecting that due to energy efficiency programs, as well as federal lighting standards, et cetera, that the remainder of the year, we would still expect to see sales lag the prior year. So overall, we're now expecting about residential and commercial to decline about 0.5% versus our initial beginning year guidance of negative 1%. On the industrial front, we still seem to see really manufacturing weakness, particularly in Illinois. And so we're expecting there for the full year to see industrial sales down about 1.4%. So those are some of the factors that are going on. Like I said, the -- we're spending quite a bit on energy efficiency. In Illinois, we're spending about $85 million this year; Missouri, about $50 million this year on energy efficiency. And that is impacting sales. The programs in Missouri have been ramped up here just in the past couple of years as a result of our energy efficiency program that was approved by the commission. So we're seeing a pretty material impact there. I mentioned that we saw residential commercial sales year-to-date up about 0.5%. In Missouri, we're actually seeing the residential and commercial sales down about 0.9%. It's almost a full 1%. But if you back out the effects of the energy efficiency programs, that's probably equivalent to about 1% of actual sales growth. So I guess, what I'm trying to communicate there is, absent the energy efficiency spending that we've got, we're actually seeing pretty good growth in residential and commercial sales, both in Missouri and Illinois. And of course, we are compensated for the energy efficiency impacts in Missouri. On the industrial front, I mentioned that the Illinois sales were down year-to-date. They're down, as we just talked about in the call, almost 3%. In Missouri, we're actually seeing some continued expansion in terms of industrial sales. What we're seeing in those sales up about 0.5%, and there is some impact there, again, from energy efficiency. They're probably up about a full 1%, backing out the impacts of energy efficiency. So we're continuing to see some good expansion of our industrial sales in Missouri. And I guess, my last point on all this is, I do think that sort of reflects what we're seeing in the overall economy in the 2 states. We're seeing an uptick in, I'd say, services jobs, manufacturing jobs in Missouri, seeing about a flat kind of trend in services jobs in Illinois, a little bit of a decline in manufacturing jobs. And that's kind of what we're seeing in the 2 states in both -- in terms of sales and in terms of jobs.
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, it's -- or not Paul; I apologize. Michael, I apologize. Yes, just in terms of the O&M, we did comment on that, just general growth across the business in terms of our distribution business, our generation portfolio, as well as just other areas like an increasing property taxes and the like. So we're kind of seeing growth across those areas this year. I don't have anything in terms of overall percentages for you, but as we think about the rate case and the rate case that we filed in Missouri, certainly, those costs are picked up. So the test year has an update period after December 31. And as it relates to significant drivers, let's say fuel cost or other elements of O&M, actually we'll reach out and pick up, say, January 1, kinds of cost increases. So those things are built in. And I pointed out in our discussion of our rate case filing that overall, we're actually seeing a sort of -- while there's a rate increase being requested, that's net of about a $67 million reduction in operations and maintenance costs. So in that 2.5 years period from the last rate case to this rate case, while there've been some elements of cost increase, net, we've been able to use continuous improvement efforts to drive costs out of the business, and that's reflected in the rate case.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, Michael, I would say, without knowing exactly what years you're looking at, certainly, the prior years' earnings, when you pick them up on an as reported basis, certainly do reflect fluctuations for things like weather, for the timing of Callaway outages. So certainly, you can't really look at a calendar year earnings and assume those are sort of normalized and apples-to-apples for what might be achievable in a different year. As it relates to the rate case itself and your earnings drivers, I mean, I think you were picking up the right things overall. If you refer to Slide 15 in our slide deck, we've outlined the drivers of our current rate case, and we've shown there what we expect rate base to be at the end of this year, around $7.3 billion. We talked about the equity ratio we expect for the end of this year, 51.6%. And those are the real drivers, of course, of the earnings levels. And then in part of the rate case process, you normalize cost levels and sales levels and things of that sort. But the real driver over time in terms of earnings, of course, is your rate base and the amount of rate base supported by your equity and your capital structure. And as part of this rate case, just going from the last rate case to this rate case, as a result of $1.5 billion or so spending, a rate base has actually increased about $500 million from the last rate case to this rate case. That's the real driver of increased earnings in Missouri over time.
Martin J. Lyons: No real update for you. I'd again refer back to our last quarter's call and the transcript there, where we were sort of right at the end of the legislative session, and I think provided pretty fulsome comments about the situation there. I think as we go through time, I think as we've talked about, we will continue to work to educate all stakeholders in the state about the need for and the importance of investment in our aging infrastructure in Missouri. And in months like this, like any other time of the year, but particularly between active legislative sessions, we're certainly doing our best to continue to make sure that we are doing the right outreach for stakeholders and education about the importance of good, strong energy policy for the state of Missouri.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, we continue to look at those. Our residential and commercial accounts in Missouri were actually up. I talked about it last time, they're up slightly. So less than 0.5%. But nonetheless, residential and commercial counts were up, and I think that's a positive. Over in Illinois, residential accounts were down a little bit. Though again, just a small amount, less than 0.5%, but we did see commercial customer accounts actually grow by about 0.7%. So overall, I think those are good trends. They're positive. If you want, I'll talk a little bit about the industrial sales. I mentioned in Missouri that they're up in terms of industrial sales. I mentioned about 0.5%. And we are seeing good, robust growth in areas like cement, automotive, food and agriculture, those kinds of industrial customers. And so that -- it's encouraging to see that industrial sales growth, it's encouraging to see jobs grow, and it's encouraging to see the customer accounts go up. I think all those things seem to be moving in a positive direction. In Illinois, like I mentioned, industrial sales have been down. It's more there in steel and metals, heavy equipment manufacturing. Those are some of the industries that have seen declines in sales, but as I mentioned, not much of an impact right now on residential customer accounts, down just a little. And it's certainly encouraging to see commercial accounts still continue to grow.
Warner L. Baxter: And Julien, this is Warner. I think you asked a good question about Rush Island. As Marty said, we'll talk about the specifics of our Integrated Resource Plan in October. But in general, our objective is to take our existing coal-fired facilities and utilize them towards the end of their useful lives, which is what we're doing with Meramec. And that's how we would think about Rush Island as well. And so we'll be able to spell that with out more specificity, but we're not contemplating accelerating the retirement of our coal-fired units as part of our Integrated Resource Plan because we think that's in the long-term interest of our customers and the State of Missouri.
Warner L. Baxter: And I would add -- Steve, this is Warner. I would just add that Maureen and her team have been working actively on this, not just for the last several months, but frankly, for the last year and will continue to do so. As we even said in our last conference call, we see real opportunities in MISO, but also beyond MISO in PJM and SPP, those transmission growth opportunities.
Warner L. Baxter: Yes, sure, Steven. And I would probably put them in probably 2 or 3 buckets. I think the most important bucket we should talk about is, it's unworkable from a customer standpoint and in terms of the overall significant cost increases that they would result in. We have a baseline plan that we have put together as part of our integrated resource planning effort. So our team has been able to really compare what it would take to execute the greenhouse gas proposal compared to our baseline plan. And as we identified, it would be a significant cost increase to our customers. And that's really driven by some of the -- what I will consider some of the more operational challenges associated with the overall proposal. And you probably have heard, and many of my colleagues who've been out there talking to the same thing about building blocks, and some of the challenges that we -- that you have with those. From our perspective, you look at the plant efficiency building block looking for plant efficiencies of approximately 6%. Simply put, those aren't achievable. Those aren't achievable. We've taken a lot of efficiencies out of the plant. We've already done a lot of those works. To try and get an additional 6% is, from our perspective, just simply not achievable. When you think about the uneconomic dispatch of natural gas, which is another key driver of the increase, look, I think you have to think about the gas infrastructure first to support that, but then the uneconomic dispatch and whether, frankly, states have the ability to dispatch in that way. As you know, the RTLs control that. That's a tough nut to crack. I'm not sure if that is ultimately going to be fact-based, and whether we can execute that. You look at energy efficiency, which we have the largest energy efficiency program in the State of Missouri today. To be able to get an incremental 1.5% out of that not only would drive higher cost, but would certainly be no guarantee the customers ultimately would participate in that level. And I would say, lastly, looking even at the renewable piece associated with the building block. And, again, in Missouri in particular, our ability to do renewables is, under State law, capped by the amount of renewables we can do in terms of impact on customer rates and ultimately, the participants. So when you look at those things, all those factors really drive the operational issues that we have that drive the significant cost increases to our customers, which as I said before, not only causes us concerns there, but also in terms of the economic competitiveness of our region and certainly, the State of Missouri. And lastly, but not the least, I think when you -- there's certainly been, as I said, we expect there to be legal challenges to the rule. There are already. And so we, too, share some of those concerns. And so we put all those things together, we have a rule, when we put it all together, that we believe is simply unworkable in its current form. Now as I said, too, we -- our objective going forward is to continue to work constructively with key stakeholders, both at the federal and state level, including consumer groups and others to make sure, and as well as the EPA, to try and put in place energy policies that ultimately that will allow us to execute our transition plan, which we believe is in the best long-term interest of our customers, but also to ensure that we do the right things in the broadest economic sense, for both the state and the region.
Warner L. Baxter: Yes, thanks, Doug. A little bit earlier, Stephen Byrd had asked me a question about the greenhouse gas proposal and elements that were unworkable, and I outlined the concerns that we had in the building blocks. And I just want to make sure I add one other important aspect, and that relates to the target dates. Now the headline is that it desires to have carbon emissions 30% below 2005 levels by 2030. I think it's important to recognize that their interim, aggressive interim target dates, begin as early as 2020. And so when you look at some of the challenges and the cost drivers, it is indeed these interim target dates and the overall target date, which really drives our costs up. So I just want to make sure I added that to Stephen to your question. And so we appreciate that. Doug, I'll turn it back over to you to wrap it up.
Maureen A. Borkowski: This is Maureen Borkowski. It's -- obviously, we can't speculate on either a timeline or any results at FERC. With regard to the question about incentives, we obviously already have certain incentives like Quip for the Illinois River, Spoon River and Mark Twain projects. We are also, we believe, entitled to an extra 50-basis-point adder that's not included in the 12.38% MISO-based rate today. We, in our answer to the complaint that was filed in November, asked FERC to affirm that we were entitled to that 50 basis points. So obviously, to the extent FERC chose to take some action at some point, we believe we're entitled to that adder.
Maureen A. Borkowski: I really can't speculate on that at this point. As I said, we actually did already request FERC to affirm that when we filed our answer. So to the extent FERC took any action, they may address it at that point.
Maureen A. Borkowski: Obviously that -- this is Maureen again. The -- any integration with regard to Entergy has to go through the MISO transmission expansion planning process. We are actively engaged in that with the intent of identifying future projects that might both provide better reliability and integrate Entergy fully into the marketplace. But that has to go through the timeline that MISO has established.
Maureen A. Borkowski: I would say at this point in time, the MISO planning process is like a 15-month process. So the one that we're beginning now that we'll be actively studying, the transmission opportunities for -- between Entergy and the rest of MISO would ultimately come to fruition at the end of 2015.
