Tom Voss: Yes, Paul. If you recall, there was goodwill, there was also some plant impairment, but largest part was goodwill, which, of course, for accounting purpose isn’t amortized or depreciated. The power plant write-off piece was much smaller, but what we also did is took a look at the lives of the power plants within the fleet. So while our write-off of some power plant expense we typically decreased depreciation, we’ve also taken a look at the lives of our other units and net, it came out to no net positive or negative impact from depreciation expenses.
Tom Voss: Well, bonus depreciation is part of it. I mean that certainly helps in terms of the returns on those projects. But, as we mentioned in the call, when you look at the CapEx for Merchant, the biggest driver you see there is moving out the in-service date of the Newton scrubbers. Previously, we had forecast that at 2014 and 2015, we’ve moved that up to late 2013, early 2014. And as we said on the call, primarily because of the expected impact that the Clean Air Transport Rules will have on our fleet, so we believe it’s prudent to move that investment up and that’s the big driver of the cash flows. But you’re right; there is also then the benefit that we’ll get from bonus depreciation.
Tom Voss: The bonus depreciation for 2010 that came out in that law companywide expected to help cash in 2011 by about $100 million to $150 million.
Tom Voss: The $100 million and $150 million, I don’t have the breakdown overall on the $100 million, $150 million between the segments.
Tom Voss: Yes, it’s a good point. In both cases, we pointed out for some time that the hedges we’ve in place for coal were at prices that we believe were above current market prices for coal. So as we’ve layered in additional hedges for both 2011 and 2012, we’ve brought down the average cost per MWh of the blended generation. In ‘11, however, in addition to the benefit of those lower cost hedges we put in place, we’re also benefiting as we look to these numbers and refine them, lower emission allowance cost as well as lower expected taxes that we pay on our delivered fuel cost. So in 2011, we’re getting the benefit of, I’d say all three of those factors. In 2012, it was largely driven by the lower cost coal we put in place.
Tom Voss: I think as you look at those hedges, the 2012 hedges look very much like an around the clock kind of product, the ATC typically about 47% to 48% on peak. The 2013 hedge profile is a little more weighted to our base load generation mix, which tends to be about 52% on peak.
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. We think that it’s one of our core businesses that what we know how to do, we know how to generate electricity at the power plants. We think we do it very well. We think those merchant plants are well-positioned. They’ve got recent environmental upgrades; they’ve very good heat rates. They dispatch well on the MISO stack. So we think generally they are positioned well for a recovery of power prices in the future.
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. We’ve been working with MISO to develop a better capacity market, so it’s looks more like PJM’s market, capacity market and we expect MISO to file sometime later this year a plan to the FERC that would show a better capacity market than what currently exist. So our plans right now are to work with MISO on improving it.
Tom Voss: We think right now that if everything goes right and everything keeps moving it should be in the 2012 year.
Tom Voss: Well, I wouldn’t really tie it to that necessarily as much as just to say that we think it’s a reasonable range given a variety of things, estimates and expectations that we make and it’s certainly regulatory outcomes is one of those, but sales growth, operating spending levels, storms and plant outages and the like. Certainly, our goal remains to improve our earned returns over time. We made good progress in 2010. We plan to make incremental progress in 2011 and continue to align spending with regulatory outcomes that we receive. So we wouldn’t tie the ranges to anybody’s recommendations in our case particular, but again a range that incorporates those elements of our estimates that I laid out.
Tom Voss: I don’t know, I’d think it probably ended up somewhere close to that, David, I don’t have the exact number.
Tom Voss: I don’t have that break down either. I mean it’s obviously roll-forward of increased earnings and months to regulated businesses less the dividends it’s pretty simple math. I know you know but I don’t have the breakdown between the regulatory jurisdiction.
Tom Voss: I wouldn’t say the comment was about our strategy going forward in terms of fuel burn. We’ll certainly buy what we believe the most economical to burn. But what we’re really trying to point out there is that the embedded cost of our coal hedges for 2013 are well above current PRB broker quotes. So what I was really trying to convey there is similar to what we’ve seen in ‘11 and ‘12. As we bought additional fuel, the average hedge price has come down. What I was trying to convey there is we’ve the same expectation with respect to 2013. When we lay in additional hedges, if we’re to lay today we would bring down that average price per MWh.
Tom Voss: We break that out. If you see on that slide 18, you actually see that for 2011 the transportation about 52% with fuel surcharges, it gets you to about 58%, so that’s our expectation for ‘11. We’ve also commented over time that we do believe that while you look out you see some of the rail contracts or rail hedges rolling off. We do believe that the contracts we’ve in place today are at about market rates, so we’re not really expecting any major deviation as we lock in new rail contracts.
Tom Voss: That’s something that is going to be assessed. We’re certainly beginning some additional design work, but that would be applicable to whatever units we decided to go forward.
Warner Baxter: Hi, Paul, this is Warner Baxter. Let me try and address your questions, because I think they’re probably two of them in there. Number one, as you saw in the 8-K filing, basically, the Office of Public Counsel and some of our industrial customers are arguing that a stay of our rate increase which was granted to four of our industrial customers in the December 2010 Circuit Court order should essentially be applied to all customers, and that is essentially what they have asked the Commission to address. They have not addressed the commission to address the essential merits of those two rate orders, which are on appeal before the various courts. Those orders probably had anywhere from 8 to 10 issues which are still pending. And so in the bigger picture of things when you look at those issues which are being appealed, they are obviously at much smaller subset, compared to the overall rate increase, and as I have stated on the call, we do not believe that any of those issues on the merits are a probable loss at this time, and we’ll continue to address those appropriately in the courts. And, of course, as Tom said in the call, we strongly disagree with the positions taken by both the Office of Public Counsel and the industrial customers in their interpretation of that circuit order, as well as the overall stay order that was issued in December of 2010 and you can plan on us to vigorously defend our position before the Public Service Commission and the courts as appropriate and you can expect our complete response to those matters, no later than February 25.
Warner Baxter: This is Warner Baxter. I’ll respond. I think as we’ve stated we’re going to be filing our position by the end of this week with the Missouri Public Service Commission on the Office of Public Counsel on the industrial consumers’ pleadings. Really beyond that I’m really not in a position to address really any other specific questions or positions or strategies, we’re going to take for this pending litigation matter.
Warner Baxter: Daniele, This is Warner Baxter. I’d comment on that in a couple of ways. Number one, we certainly made good progress in our last rate case in maintaining some of the rider mechanisms, as well as getting the construction accounting that we got for the Sioux scrubber project. And even in this case, this current rate case, we’re seeking to enhance some of the recovery mechanisms that we’ve for some of our construction projects, as well as for energy efficiency. Beyond that we continue to look at some of the regulatory rule makings, we continue to look at potential legislative efforts, aligning our spend, we’re looking at a host of things to continue to mitigate the regulatory lag and improve our returns, so that is an effort that is ongoing, and we recognize the importance of that, not just to our shareholders, but also to our customers, because they gave us the necessary cash flows to invest in our infrastructure to deliver good reliability and Clean Air Energy Reform.
Marty Lyons: Well, I think, Erica, as we look out over time, we frankly try to sell as much as we can with the shaped product and we haven’t really given a break-down for year, which you are right, I mean our sales strategy is to go after the higher margin customer segments in the areas, where we’ve generation, as those opportunities present themselves (inaudible) to lock in the higher margins that you can see in those list of power prices.
Marty Lyons: Well, what we tried to provide in the script was a little bit of a metric in terms of, if we saw a $5 (inaudible) in power prices based on our open and available Generation for 2011 that that could produce up to $30 million of additional margins. We provide that metric to give you a sense of, given the available capacity that we’ve, if power prices were to move what kind of incremental generation we would have and what those margins are. Any given year the amount of generation that we’ve got available obviously is dictated by the outage schedule we’ve for that year, but we think that metric maybe helpful to you as you look at, where our incremental generation is in terms of cost, and if they were to be dispatched at those higher prices, what kind of margins we could get.
Marty Lyons: Ashar, we’ve been working on hedges for some time. So some of those were put on in 2010 timeframe, others were put on some periods prior, but we’ve been working at those over time. We’re never kind of sitting on our hands. We’re always looking at sales opportunities as they present themselves. We’ve talked about our strategy of going after retail customers and you have to act on those when they are available in the market and they arise from time-to-time, and we execute on those.
Marty Lyons: I think that as you look at the Merchant Generation business at 03/10 slightly up from where we’re at last year and some of the things in there are nuts and bolts items like increases and benefits expenses year-over-year, increases in wages for employees. I think there is just some of those nuts and bolts items in there. We also do have, however, an outage at one of our power plants and plan for this year where we’re looking to do both the maintenance and capital work and that too is impacting the figures.
Marty Lyons: A good question. I think that’s right. I mean I’d note that this in 2010 the point of reference, we actually were able to limit the capital expenditures for that segment to $89 million, so certainly being able to keep maintenance in other as well pretty low is something that we think is doable. So when you look at 2015 levels, not too in line with what we’re seeing in 2010, but our thought is actually given some of the maintenance that’s already been done in the years leading up to the present as well as the maintenance in other items that we got planned for ‘11 through ‘14 that we’ll have done requisite maintenance on our big base-load facilities. We feel like when we get out to 2015 the necessary efforts and expenditures will be behind us. So as we said on the call, certainly as we move through time we’ll look at the power price environment, we’ll pay close attention to our cash flows, some of the expenditures in ‘13 and ‘14 could conceivably move out to ‘15, but right now I think this is a good snapshot of where we stand today.
Marty Lyons: I can’t comment on ‘16 to ‘17, I think you’re right over a long-term you’re going to need to do perform certain maintenance CapEx on your plants. Again as far as looking out to ‘15, this is what we see.
Marty Lyons: Well, I think as we look into 2011, we already talked about Merchant, the O&M going up a little bit there. Then we commented on regulated overall. Certainly as you think about that, we said last year if we’re successful in re-hearing under the Illinois rates that we would restore some of the spending in Illinois that had been reduced and we’re following through on that, so we’ve got some incremental O&M spending in Illinois. Then we do have some incremental spending in Missouri as well scheduled for our Energy Delivery business to continue to improve reliability there, as well as in our power plants. But I don’t have the exact percentage in front of me, but we’ll continue to look for opportunities to synchronize the spending with the regulatory outcomes that we get.
Marty Lyons: We do expect to do that, to continue that through this year that’s embedded in our guidance and I guess that’s in the range of $90 million or so.
Marty Lyons: I think Charles, as we look out; certainly, we’ve been cognizant about managing our capital expenditures. If you look back, we brought those down considerably over the past couple of years. As you look out at our capital expenditures say for the Regulated businesses, and if you were listening when we talked about, we talked about having two additional scrubbers in place in the Missouri Regulated business over that five-year period. And if you look at our capital expenditures out over that five-year period versus prior disclosures we’ve given, they are about flat to down a little bit versus what we’ve previously shown. So we’re certainly managing our capital and we’ll continue to manage our capital investments in light of the regulatory outcomes that we received. So that said, what we’re looking to do is improve the regulatory returns in both our primary Illinois and Missouri Regulated businesses as well as deploy capital into transmission which is something you see as well in our five-year forecast. Our strategy for doing that as we talked about in Illinois using the forecast in forward test year in the current case to improve the returns and improve our ability to earn fair returns on the capital that we’re deploying and we certainly got an active rate case in Missouri right now where we’re working to achieve a constructive outcome and a constructive framework that will provide for going forward good returns on the investments we make in Missouri.
Marty Lyons: We’ve talked with MISO actually fairly recently and they are in the process of studying as far what’s going to be required. Right now, the MISO footprint to say in an evolution of fluxes and understatement with FirstEnergy and part of Duke system leaving MISO, but I know they’re looking at that, but that’s all I can say on topic specifically. Just to add, they are working on the themes issue between MISO and PJM and the portability, if you will, to transfer energy across that theme for all market participants.
Marty Lyons: Sure, I think that’s as Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks, we as well as everybody else in the industry I think is anticipating to see some proposed rules coming out of EPA middle March. And we’ll see what those require. And as Tom mentioned we put together a team of people that have been working diligently over the past year and well into the coming year to take a look at what comes out of the EPA and make the best decisions about what kinds of additional investments will or won’t be made in the plants we’ve and try to make the most efficient economical investment decisions that we can for the best interest of the shareholders and the customers. So could that require additional CapEx? Certainly so. But we’re really going to make those decisions on the plant by plant basis across our fleet.
Marty Lyons: Just to be clear, I mean, historically, when we’ve provided our CapEx, we talked about it being consistent with current laws and regulations and so what we’ve done here is, we’ve seen proposed rules that have been out for the Clean Air Transport Rule, as well as the coal combustion byproducts and so based on our assessment of the likely outcome on those rules, we’ve updated our CapEx for both Missouri as well as for the Merchant business to reflect our expected outcome under those rules and then we’ll see what comes of the Federal EPA. I’d remind you, Steve, that in our Merchant part of our business we’re complying with also Illinois Multi-Pollutant Standard which already had requirements for certain of those elements that the Federal EPA looks to regulate, so we’ll see how those compare those proposed rules come out and evolve.
Marty Lyons: Yes and no, Daniele. I think, again what we’re saying was that it does incorporate an assessment of requirements that the Clean Air Transport Rule will impose, as well as rule for coal combustion byproducts, but nothing further than that from a Federal EPA standpoint.
Marty Lyons: I think Daniele; certainly we’ve been successful at getting some riders over the past few years. Those can have the added benefit of being able to go for a more extended time periods between rate cases and be able to recover your cost on a timely basis, so that is something that we’ve pursued and will continue to pursue in the future.
Marty Lyons: I think as it relates to Illinois, the rate case that we filed on Friday incorporated a forward-looking test year. It also incorporated a request for a rider for pension expenses going forward, so we’ve made those filings. I think that the legislative proposal that has been discussed, that Scott earlier said, we’re supportive of, if that was put in place, I think likely would supersede those other kinds of efforts.
