Doug Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for one year on our Web site at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our Web site a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers, who may use terms or acronyms that are defined in the presentation. To access this presentation, please look in the Investor section of our Web site under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation; I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with an overview of 2014 results and our outlook for 2015 and beyond. Marty will follow with a more detailed financial and regulatory update. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance are presented on a continuing operations and diluted share basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner, who will begin on Page 4 of the presentation.
Doug Fischer: Michael, I don't have it at my fingertips but we did give you some websites at the back of the presentation that show our attachment old filings for the total is about 1.4 billion average rate base for '15, but the breakout; it is public in there [technical difficulty] don't have that rate in front of me.
Doug Fischer: If you give me -- this is Doug, if you give me just a second here; I think I may have found that information here, Andrew is going to help me here for a second. Yes, thanks. It's about half a billion for ATXI, and about 900 million for Ameren Illinois is the number here I'm getting.
Doug Fischer: Yes. Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our Web site. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on today's release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on today's news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Marty Lyons: Well, I would not call that a fluke. Now look, we felt it would be good to continue to provide updates to the guidance that we provided last year. We put a stake in the ground that we expected to grow earnings in 7% to 10% from '13 to '18. And I think it's certainly important that we continue to let you know where we track against that. So as I said on the call, longer term we really believe that growth in this business is driven by a rate-based growth and longer term, certainly plan to provide in the rate-based growth outlook that we've provided. So we think that's a good basis going forward to continue to provide longer term outlook.
Marty Lyons: Really the benefit should be primarily realized this year as we utilize that rider. There is a very small lag associated with that rider. It's only a couple of months. So the benefits really realized beginning in 2015 and using that rider.
Marty Lyons: Yes, what really triggered that is as we looked at we certainly study the orders that FERC has given, not only in ISO New England, but with other companies that come before them. There was a December order that FERC issued relative to another company, which we believe gave better clarification as to how the FERC is going to think about computing the ROEs for the various refund periods that exist with respect to these complaint filings. So using the ISO New England as well as the guidance provided at the FERC order, we felt that we could reasonably estimate a reserve to book, thought it was prudent to do so, prudent to get that reserve booked and behind us, and so therefore we've done that. You didn't ask specifically about the amount, but I can tell you that the reserve that we recorded get you to an ROE about at the same place that the FERC landed in the ISO New England order.
Marty Lyons: Yes. When we do our planning, certainly we look to blue chip estimates of economists that are out there in terms of where they see the interest rates going, which is where we get the 3% honestly is looking at consensus forecast for interest rates for 2015, and then they obviously project out beyond them.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Fair question, Steve. The answer to that is yes. I mean if you took the ROEs that are embedded in our guidance this year for 2015, and you held those constant out through 2018, we project that we would be within that 7% to 10% range as you mentioned, albeit at the lower end of the range perhaps, but clearly within the range.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Steve, that's right. I think that obviously we've got an ongoing case. We don't think that we want to get into the details of the computation, and we will let our testimony in that case speak for itself over time, but I didn't want to give some sense for the accounting reserve that we booked, and I would tell you that the reserve we booked reflects in ROE similar to the outcome of that ISO New England case.
Marty Lyons: I would say that, Steve, so for the historical [technical difficulty] 2014 back to late 2013, we didn't reflect any kind of an adder, any kind of 50 basis point adder. Going forward, however, in '15, what has been embedded in our guidance is I would say take that -- approximately take that ISO New England outcome, add 50 basis point adder, and that's about what we get reflected in our guidance for 2015.
Marty Lyons: Steve, over time we will have to assess that. We will have to see how these cases come out and then assess through time how we will go about updating FERC ROEs [technical difficulty]. So I don't want to get into exactly what we got embedded in our 7% to 10% growth in our own plan going forward for FERC. As I mentioned if you took the current ROEs, embed in our 2015 guidance and held them constant through 2018 without any change, you would stay within that 7% to 10%. You would have to believe, I guess what I would agree with you on is that over time if we see cost of capital rising, if we believe it's prudent to adjust the ROEs upward, we certainly take action and pursue that with the FERC.
Marty Lyons: No, Paul, we don't have, really I can't say a good point estimate for where the staff is today. We did put sort of baking the ground in terms of our own [technical difficulty] which is obviously we know our own position, which is in the back you will see $190 million, $100 million of that's net energy costs, about $90 of its other costs. I can tell you that [technical difficulty] the original case that we filed to the case that we have today, our non-fuel ask is down about 45 million. That's probably 25 million to 30 million due to lower rate base primarily bonus depreciation. The other 15 million to 20 million due to updates of pension, post-retirement, medical, and active medical, so lot of those costs will actually go through rider and trackers, but it gives you a little bit of a sense for how our position move from the original position to where we are today. Michael provided you some of the color on some of positions that the other parties have taken. We've provided an overview or summary of that in our materials as well in the appendix. [Technical difficulty] as I sit here today an exact bid ask spread.
Marty Lyons: I'll add one other thing, Paul, which I think is helpful is we are certainly in the conversations that we had in Missouri. We point to the success that we continue to have with constructive legislation in Illinois, not how it's only improving the liability, not only how Richard and the Illinois team continue to hit their metrics, but also how they are creating jobs. So all of things are right across the river, and those are important conversations that we continue to point out, because we see that as really the opportunity [technical difficulty] to do something in the future. So we got a [technical difficulty] we think that is another important aspect of our conversation today.
Marty Lyons: Fair again, 25 basis points, probably a penny and penny and half. We actually did provide a sensitivity, when you take a look at Slide 13, some kind of small print, I recognize, but in the Illinois -- Ameren Illinois electric delivery section, we note that a 50 basis point move in EPS, [technical difficulty] about 2.5 cents, so obviously 25 [technical difficulty] half of that.
Marty Lyons: Yes. So, last year somebody had asked, "Hey, what's the growth rate off of '14?" And we replied 6 to 9.50. At that time, when you look at our '14 guidance with midpoint was 235. The weather normalized results for 2014, they're $2.37. So that's 69.5 numbers and it still holds. Basically 69.5 of a '14 out through '18 is a CAGR, is equivalent to the 7 to 10 off of '13.
Marty Lyons: You raised a good point. When you look at CapEx for this past year, we really came in right where [technical difficulty] at we would. We forecasted to be it about 1.850 billion finish the year, nearly 1.8 billion. So it's pretty much on top of where we'd expect it. We're expecting a little bit of an uptick in 2015 in terms of capital expenditure up about another 175 million as we reported on the call to about 1.960 billion. And that level is little bit of an uptick mainly due to [technical difficulty] timing of our projects. But if also you take a look at the slide 16 that we provided where we lay out our expected capital expenditure over the five year period, we're projecting $8.9 billion of regulated infrastructure investment over this period and that's actually up over the prior year five-year period. So we back in last year we'd said '14 through '18 was going to be about 8.3 billion. Now we've moved up to 8.9. We have added about $600 million of the overall capital expenditure the five-year to this five-year plan as compared to the old one. So we have added expenditures, we've added expenditures that we translated to rate based growth in amount of is roughly doubled what we see as the negative impact of bonus depreciations. We're more than [technical difficulty] with identified additional projects to invest in for the benefit of our customers. On Slide 9 that's where we actually show then our expected rate base growth and basically [Technical difficulty] rate base 6% from '14 to '19. That's a very similar rate to what we had before for 2013 to 2018. But you can see because of that added capital expenditures over the five-year period that the ending rate base of projected rate base 15.5 [technical difficulty] about 9% more than what we had last year [technical difficulty] at the end of '18. And one should not assume either that the CapEx that we added has backend loaded. It's really been added throughout the period of an ultimately [technical difficulty]rate base number at the end of '19 was just about 9% higher than what we had then projecting for '18.
Marty Lyons: When you get the 10K, I think you can calculate it may be able to calculate of stats page. We earned pretty close of slightly below the allowed ROE in Missouri. What we're really talking about lag and the call though was more about '15. We put a number of projects and service at the end of 2014, those begin to be depreciated and we no longer capitalize in return on those. So [technical difficulty] early '15 we do experience a lag until we can get the rates reset to our reflect recovery of those costs and rates that reflects an appropriate return on those investments. That's the lag I think we're really [technical difficulty].
Marty Lyons: No, I don't have that foray. It's basically we will have that lag for the first five or so months of the year but don't have an exact quantification of that.
Marty Lyons: For 2014, we do file these surveillance reports with the Missouri Public Service Commission and we earned 9.71 in 2014 in Missouri.
Marty Lyons: Yes, sure. Good. Michael, good morning by the way; this is Marty. Good question. So last year we had guided that I guess in 2013, we'd had about $0.18 or so of parent other cost. We had projected to drive those down in '14, which we were successful of doing. We said to $0.10 below which is where we ended up including I'd say the effects of dilution. We probably had about $0.09 of drag and we expect that we will be able to reduce that further in 2015. Of course you know that we get the full year benefit of that maturity at their parent company where we had the high cost stat. so we do expect another $0.04 or so of interest savings. So expect to drive that number down to maybe about $0.05 depending upon taxes and things like that, maybe even a hair lower. But we're expecting $0.05 or little bit under in terms of parent company drag in 2015.
Marty Lyons: I don't know, Michael whether there's anything more transformative. I think when you look at the gas business in Illinois, we've already ramped up some investment there because we do see that as constructive environment as it exist today. As you know we have the ability to use forward looking tax years for our gas rates and the rate case that we have pending today as we mentioned on the call looks out to 2016 uses 2016 projects cost and rate base we think that's constructive. And then we began to be able to use basically a rider for qualifying infrastructure projects so that we can actually adjust rates monthly between rate cases to reflect the return of and return on those qualifying projects. We believe there's been enhancement made to the framework which is actually allowing us to step up investments and we're replacing meter modules and gas business alongside the meter replacement program that we've got going on the electric portion of the business and it's allowing us also to make some necessary investments in that business to ensure safety as well as reliability of the gas business. I think more of [technical difficulty] that may reflect or spare investment over time, we think the infrastructure --we think again that framework is good, but it will be whether we see some additional safety rules that come out at the national level or apply at may drive actually investments spending. And but we do believe that we have the framework in place that if we're required to make those investments that will be treated absolutely fairly in terms of the regulatory process.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Doug is going to see if he can pull that out. If he can pull that out -- I don't have that in front of me. If he can pull it out readily, Michael that's certainly something that we can follow up and provide to you. I will tell you that just in terms of the earnings for 2015 I think we're looking at may be about $0.05 or so earnings [technical difficulty] from ATXI in 2015. That sort of embedded in our guidance and that…
Michael Moehn: Sure. Paul, this is Michael Moehn. In terms of what was settled and it is public and so you can get the stipulation agreement. There were a lot of issues of payroll and incentive compensation, advertising board fees, and…
Michael Moehn: Yes. So the large issues that are obviously return on equity, we have some tax issue, that are open today, obviously the trackers, the FAC, the office of public counsels proposing to renew that track or change the sharing percentage. Staff is proposing to remove the storm tracker. There are some meaningful depreciation issues that are still open today, and there are few amortization issues that are at risk as well.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Again, Paul, this is Michael Moehn. As Warner said, I mean it is similar legislation. The Senate Bill 310 and House Bill 925 are very similar to last year. I think we are early in the session, so it's difficult to speculate sort of the outcome. We are spending a lot of time with various stakeholders, again, explaining, there are lot of freshmen legislators there, explaining the importance of this legislation, the need to modernize the regulatory framework to get working on the aging infrastructure issue. And we are certainly mindful that all of the utilities in Missouri are in for rate cases, and so this is a factor that we have to be aware of, but as we said in the past we're going to continue to pursue this, and be relentless about trying to get it across the finish line, but I think it's probably a bit premature to speculate the outcome.
Michael Moehn: I think the environment is really about the same at this point. I think there is probably better understanding of the issue today as we continue to spend more and more with folks about how seriously the structure issue is and trying to address it. But beyond that, the environment is very similar.
Michael Lapides: Got it, and when thinking longer term in Illinois, do you think there is a -- whether it's legislative or whether it's done via the regulatory process, there is a transformative-like investment opportunity on the gas delivery side, like what's happened on the electric delivery side for both you and Commonwealth Edison in Illinois in terms of the legislation that was passed a few years ago and what it did to both capital spending, rate-based growth, investment in the system, employment, et cetera.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Marty. One last one and little bit of a housekeeping item here; can you break up -- the slide's confusing a little bit, what the ATXI transmission rate base is at the end of 2014 or the average rate base versus the Ameren Illinois transmission rate base? And then that same question, but on the CapEx side for 2015.
Michael Lapides: No problem, I'm getting a little granular, and sorry to be a pain. I'll follow up, I'll take this one offline guys.
