Marty Lyons: Yeah. I don’t know about the other company, you’re referring to Paul, but -- certainly, this is Marty. Again, I can certainly comment overall. We did estimate about $0.10 per share of positive impact from weather in the third quarter versus normal. And we also mentioned in our prepared remarks that overall, we thought Missouri electric sales negatively impacted earnings by about $0.04 versus last year. And that’s the case with $0.10 versus normal positive weather impact in the quarter. As we looked at the weather this year versus last year, we thought the impact was about flattish or no impact. You may recall that we had a warm summer last year. It was kind of a persistent warm summer whereas this year we have some heat in June, extreme heat in July and then it kind of, dropped off to more normal conditions for the remainder. What we saw this year is that as we have those extremes in heat and we quantified as I said the impact to be about $0.10, when we looked at the weather normalized sales, they were actually down. And so when you look at the statistics page we provided, you’ll actually see that residential and commercial sales were down year-over-year. And again remember, that we believe that overall weather was about flat. So those sales declines which you are seeing are sort of weather-normalized sales decline. Now, as we know weather normalization is somewhat art and somewhat science. So that’s why we say in particular talking point of some of that reduction in overall weather-normalized loads maybe because of customer conservation efforts as they receive some of the higher bills from the June and July timeframe. But getting back to your question, I mean, that’s in Missouri for the quarter was in Missouri residential sales on a weather normalized basis down between 1.5% to 2%, same kind of pattern in the commercial sector. In Illinois, we saw a little bit greater decline in residential usage and the commercial was actually a slight positive. So overall, for Ameren, in the quarter what we saw on a weather-normalized basis was residential sales down a little over 2%, commercial sales down between 0.5% and 1%. So we saw some -- again some weather normalized declines in the quarter and again how much of that may have been a reaction to the extreme weather in some of the bills people received is difficult to know. We expected coming into the year to have about residential, commercial sales about 0.5% to 1% of growth. What we’re now expecting for the year, Paul, is that residential sales to be down somewhere around 0.5% for the year, still expecting to see some commercial growth, however, up to 0.5%. I think on industrial side, we’re seeing pretty flat loads in terms of industrial sales in Missouri. While we’re still seeing some growth in Illinois, we’re seeing growth year-to-date in Illinois of about 3.9% and we’re expecting for the year all across Ameren to have growth of about 2.7%.
Marty Lyons: Let me have that one and then maybe I actually got Warner Baxter talk about Missouri but yeah, you may look back. When you look back to our beginning of the year guidance compared to now. Our actual guidance today is about $0.05 higher than it was at the beginning of the year. And in part that is because of the Duck Creek write-off which then positively impacted depreciation and that’s about $0.05 for the year. So that is part of that, Paul.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. We also, I think the other thing that we did in the quarter that you’ll see in the 10-Q is we actually did adjust some of our asset retirement obligations for certain ash pond closures and that had a little bit of an impact as well.
Marty Lyons: Well, I think there is something that we’ll have to evaluate over time. Obviously, we gave the 2013 number. What impactor is on 2014 or beyond is something that we have to evaluate as we move through time. Our focus right now as you heard in our talking points is trying to get the legislative intent and corporate it into the rate making process. We still do believe that over the long-term, they formulate a great model attended by the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. It is good for Ameren Illinois and its customers and so we’re certainly appealing the decision of the ICC to the courts. And as we noted in our prepared remarks, again considering what legislative remedies might be possible.
Marty Lyons: That’s true, we’ve made commitments under the formula ratemaking and so we look at our capital ventures, so certainly to the extent we’re participating in the formula ratemaking. We will fulfill our commitments under the law.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Michael, this is Marty, again. I think let’s start with Illinois. I think when you look at the slide that we provided, slide 12. You see some of those impacts as it relates to the Illinois electric delivery business in terms of ratemaking adjustments at certain costs that are incurred that are non-recoverable, which we’ve laid out again for the electric distribution business thereon on slide 12. Other things I remind for instance as weather sometimes. I mean, for example on our gas business this year in Illinois, earnings are down roughly $0.03 because of weather. So that type of thing can certainly drive it down. And then I think Michael, I think you and others have this baked into your overall analysis in Illinois. But I just remind you that the goodwill in Illinois is deducted out for ratemaking purposes, against the equity in that overall business. So and that’s always been the case that’s not something that’s new, that’s historical ratemaking adjustment. But again, I’d remind you of that.
Marty Lyons: Sure. Yeah. This is Marty again, you are correct on all that. I mean that is consistent with what we said in the past. One of the reasons that we were pursuing the variance from the Multi-Pollutant Standard with the Illinois Pollution Control Board was in fact that we were able to comply with the match rules without that scrubber. And it was really these Illinois rules that were imposing the need to construct that scrubber. So, we do believe that the capital expenditure plans that we’ve laid out, will -- while as to comply with MATS. And it’s really a function of a number of things. It’s a function of the investments that we’ve already made in our plans overtime. We’ve made significant investments in pollution control equipment. We also burned low sulfur coal, which helps with our overall missions. And as a result of compliance with the Multi-Pollutant Standard Illinois we are already using significant amounts of activated carbon for control of mercury. So, through the -- I’d say the compliance with the Multi-Pollutant Standard, we’ve actually built into our operations of those things that are needed to comply with the MATS rules.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. It’s not really the $0.12 year-over-year. I think that what is more permanent, I would say until we get either of some fixed to the ICC ratemaking to conform with the act or otherwise adjust our spending or capital structure. I guess what I am saying to that point you back to slide 12 again. I think those are really the drivers of the earnings and as I said earlier the $0.12 when you break it down was really $0.05 having to do with the ICC rate order, and then remainder just really been seasonality of the revenue requirement earnings under formula ratemaking. We try the provide on slide 12 though we are more -- it was more a straightforward build up or provide you with a straightforward building blocks to build up to the revenue requirement as we see it today, given the ICCs rate order.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Julien, that’s right. And so in our prepared remarks, we tried to provide a comment on this. What we did do in the quarter was rebalance our mix of coal hedges a little bit and then rebalancing of the coal hedges actually impacted the average price a little bit. As you see in that too, you might notice that the coal hedge present -- the coal hedge number dropdown from about $14 million megawatthours to $13, which also aligns with the forward power sales that we’ve made about $13 million megawatthours. So, it was a bit of rebalancing of the coal hedge mix. Yet remember, these are -- we round off to the nearest $0.50. So there is a little bit of rounding in there that coal hedge rebalancing wasn’t a full $0.50 sort of impact and -- but that was I’d say one of the drivers.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. I know you would necessarily be in tandem with the other liquidity source losses. Like I said, they still as we figured well at 9/30, they had about $57 million of both cash and the money pool advances on the balance sheet. So, we will be thinking about that as we look at the overall cash flows going into next year and the year beyond what the available cash is, as they again seek to cover their own cash needs. And then making a decision about what the right course of action is in terms of execution of that option.
Marty Lyons: Well, that’s right. To the extent that the cash balances roll down and if we were in a position where we didn’t see the ability for them to meet their own cash needs certainly then would be in a position where we would be executing the put option. But again, right now, I mentioned sort of the overall liquidity that they’ve got.
Marty Lyons: Well, I guess only the end of the day we have the option to do either, but certainly the idea was that if Genco exercise to put, obviously they get $100 immediately. They get the remainder of any excess to the fair value over the $100 million as determined by the appraisals at closing. And then AERG, we would actually then have those assets, we’ll have the ability to -- so one or all of those in order to reduce outstanding borrowings resulting from the put.
Marty Lyons: No. It just for the quarter. We periodically actually update our estimates. These ones in particular that had to do with Meredosia and Hutsonville and some of the closure there. As we are working through the closure of those facilities and had better estimates on the overall cost, it’s really one-time kind of impact.
Marty Lyons: I think we comment on some of the peaks. Actually, last quarter but I will let maybe Maureen Borkowski talk about the overall system peak …
Marty Lyons: This is Marty. Couple of other things, I mean, just a reminder, in Illinois of course with the formula rates, I mean one of the benefits is that we do have the formula rates and there is a caller on the overall earned ROE or the lot of ROE plus or minus 50% basis points. So certainly, there is a provision within that overall formulaic rates that’s certainly helpful. The other thing know is well -- this year again, I think maybe because of some of the weather we’re certainly seen more flattish residential and commercial loads. Like I said, we are still seeing industrial loads growing in Illinois. And as we look at overtime, we do expect to see some level of GDP growth overtime and with it even after the impact of energy efficiency, do you still expect to see growth and electric demand and maybe a less than what we’ve historically seen but nonetheless expect to see growth in the electric demand as a company anyway going forward.
Marty Lyons: Updated one but like I said I think overall we certainly are expecting net of energy efficiency that relationship, that ratio to be less than that historically has been, but nonetheless they are all positive.
