Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons; and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. The call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release include instructions for replaying the call by telephone. The call is also being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at www.ameren.com. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website to which we will refer during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations, and follow the appropriate link. Turning to page two of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today, and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with a brief overview of second quarter 2011 earnings and updated 2011 guidance, followed by a discussion of recent regulatory and other business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of second quarter 2011 financial results and guidance, as well as regulatory and financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Here is Tom, who will start on page three of the presentation.
Douglas Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. We have time for one more question. We want to respect some of the other calls coming right after us.
Douglas Fischer: Okay. This is Doug. I’d like to wrap up. Thanks for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available through August 11th on playback and for one year on our website. Today’s press release includes instructions on listening to the playback. You may also call or email the contacts listed on the release, financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call Susan Gallagher. Our contact information is on the press release we issued today. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren.
Warner Baxter: Hi Julien, this Warner Baxter. I would say a couple things gave us the flexibility. One, frankly is really what we’ve been doing for several years and that is really converting our plants to burn the low sulfur coal. But secondly, the thing that gave us quite a bit of flexibility was the proactive installation of our Sioux scrubbers which we just installed late last year. That gave us the option to take a look at this ultra-low sulfur coal strategy and consequently in looking at that and looking at our system we’re able to purchase this coal through 2017 and execute not only our coal purchase which is necessary for our customers’ needs but frankly is going to avoid significant capital expenditures for things like fabric filters, as well as DSI and brought significant savings for our customers. So I wouldn’t say it’s a meaningful change. It’s something we’ve been doing for some time to try and anticipate where these regulations were going to come and we were able to execute the strategy successfully.
Warner Baxter: No. Simply put we’re using ultra low sulfur coal and we’re able to enter into a contract for the term that Tom had laid out a little bit earlier today.
Warner Baxter: No meaningful change in the regulatory framework. It is – that was the term of the contract. Of course, we have the option to look even and purchase ultra-low sulfur coal beyond that should we want to, but nothing beyond that. That was just the appropriate term we felt to enter into the contract given that the – what we – we renewed not only were the regulations were but also obviously the tenure of such a long-term contract.
Warner Baxter: Hi, Erica. This is Warner Baxter. I can speak for the Missouri side of the house. We are looking at a variety of options. Some of those options would not include purchasing different types of coal from a NOx perspective. What we would be looking at would be things like doing some more over-fired area that some of our power plants, potentially some reinjections. Of course we now have the ability to potentially look at NOx allowances with this potential – with this rule. Those types of things and of course, you can always look at SCRs. All those things are I guess part of the portfolio of things that we’ll look at. We’re going to continue to assess those through the course of this year and make a determination towards the end of this year and execute that, but it would not include a different purchase of coal.
Warner Baxter: On the merchant side of the house, Erica, we already have substantial controls that are in place. We have low NOx burners in all of our non-cycle plants, over fire air at our cycling plants, combustion optimization technology, we have selective catalytic reduction at Duck Creek, Coffine , Edwards so we already have substantial controls in place for reduction of NOx because of course, the Illinois multi-pollutant standard has been requiring us to reduce those emissions and positions us well for compliance with these Casper rules but we are still looking at additional options like selective non-catalytic reduction, combustion optimization, some of the things that Warner talked about as well.
Warner Baxter: Sure, Erica. Thanks for the question. I recall you asking a question about this last quarter. As we’ve gone through the year, what we certainly have seen is that while weather has played a role as we talked about, we did have much milder temperatures this year than last. They’ve been warmer than normal this year, but certainly lower than last. We had a very hot June last year. And we estimate weather and strip that out. For the six months year-to-date, we are still seeing declining sales trends as it relates to our residential and commercial categories. And so, we have revised our expectations for the year. I think Erica, you’ll recall that we had talked about some very modest growth plus or minus 1% expectations in residential commercial when we talked last quarter, but as we’ve gone through the six months and looked at the data, we felt it more prudent to lower our forecast and what we’ve now got built in is sales declines of around 1% on residential with the expectation of really no growth in commercial this year. We’re still seeing overall for the company positive trends in industrial primarily on the Illinois side of our business and we’re still expecting to see low to mid single-digit kind of growth in industrial, but we felt it prudent to lower those sales forecast expectations and again, as we talked about, align our spending plans to make sure we’re able to deliver on the earnings guidance that we’ve provided so we have built those in. Looking back at last year, it’s interesting. Last year, we had pretty solid growth in 2010 over 2009 levels, residential came in about 1.2% up, commercial about 2.6% up, so what we’re seeing here in the six months, we feel like we need to adjust to and we’ll continue to assess it.
Warner Baxter: Sure, Erica. Let me take a stab at that. If you look at our guidance range that we’ve got, we’ve provided $2.10, $2.25 for the regulated portion of our business. I think that implies an ROE range in the neighborhood of 8.3% to 8.9% and so if you take the midpoint of that for example, obviously you’re right around 8%, 8.6%. As you look ahead we’ve just completed the Missouri rate case so we’re only getting a partial benefit of that rate case this year and as you point out, we’ve got a rate case pending in Illinois that would adjust rates in January of 2012 and of course that’s based on a forecasted test year. And also our commitment to continue to align our spending to the overall business conditions we face. We are focused on improving our earned returns and on the call we talked about for instance in Missouri expecting to significantly narrow that gap between our earned returns this year and our allowed returns, so that’s what we’re focused on and just as a metric, I mean if we improve the earned returns from say that mid-point I gave you around 8.6% by 100 basis points to 9.6%, that adds about $0.20 to $0.25 of earnings year-over-year to the guidance that range that I gave you.
Warner Baxter: Hi, this is Warner Baxter. Certainly, we don’t disclose the terms of our contracts but I’ll tell you that those arrived at fair market prices.
Warner Baxter: Michael, this is Warner. With regard to any type of spending especially with regard to capital expenditures to the extent you can mitigate especially mandated capital spending that tends to have a more favorable direction from a regulatory lag perspective but of course when you’re doing these major environmental projects much of that is done and the key is making sure that you align the timing of any of these major environmental controls with when you put rates into place, so there are actions you can take to mitigate that regulatory lag just as we did with the subscriber. We used unique approach to really mitigate some of that regulatory likes. So in a bigger picture it is helpful and no doubt, and certainly it’s a tremendous benefit for our customers.
Warner Baxter: Hello, Dan. This is Warner Baxter. That impact was approximately $11 million from a revenue requirement standpoint in total.
Warner Baxter: Yeah, with regard to the appeal to the courts, there is no set timeframe on that. Typically, it is several months and we’re not surprised to see that decision move out into 2012 but I can’t predict a lot of it depends upon the court’s docket in front of them and so we filed immediately as soon as we’re able to do that and so we look forward to presenting our case before the courts here in the near future.
Warner Baxter: Dan, this is Warner Baxter. I would say generally the scope and overall timing of the outage would be consistent and of course in any given outage you have sometimes the difference between the level of capital expenditures in O&M, but by and large it’s probably roughly in that ballpark.
Warner Baxter: Yeah, it was, Dan. It’s one of the – I’d say one of the hottest Summers in the last 40 plus years, so it was very warm in July and August has started out pretty warm as well.
Warner Baxter: Yeah, it wasn’t so much auto plants, as you look through the various categories, one that’s certainly sticks out in Missouri and Illinois is some that related to I’d say the building or construction industry like cement certainly popped out, general manufacturing. Some refining, some of which we think is really temporary in nature in terms of just some specific plant outages in our service territory in the second quarter that we think will again short-term in nature that will be back online in the third quarter. So I think some of what we saw looks like it might be a function of the economy and others looks like spotty and had to do with just specific outages at certain major industrial customers, so that’s kind of what we’re seeing.
Thomas Voss: Well, I think overall what we’ve sketched out is, the plans for compliance as we said on the call with the Multi-Pollutant Standard, as well as the Cross State Air Pollution Rules, as well as HAP MACT, et cetera. Our compliance plans have very much focused on keeping our overall fleet compliant and I think when we look at these rules as we outlined on the call, the thing we’re still obviously taking a look at are the NOX compliance components of the – excuse me, the CSAPR rule. So as it relates to the rules and it relates to our plans, our focus has been keeping all of those plants intact. Of course when you look at the Multi-Pollutant Standard rule, you look at CSAPR, you look in at fleet wide averages, and so controls on certain power plants say other than those ones can help to keep the whole fleet running.David Paz – Banc of America Merill Lynch: Okay. But before you guys were intending to use DSI, Joppa, and now you are not, so I guess should we assume, what...
Thomas Voss: Yeah, I don’t have the based on a per megawatt hour. There certainly will be some O&M expense related to that DSI, but I don’t have the per ton number with me.David Paz – Banc of America Merill Lynch: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Thomas Voss: Yeah, I don’t think, Paul, thanks for the question. I wouldn’t say we’re expecting any operational cost increases either. We are as I said before, we’ve had good controls in place over time to reduce our NOx emissions. We are looking at a low cost kind of options like the selective non-catalytic reduction, combustion optimization, and really evaluating all options and other options obviously have to do with certainly you could look at reduced levels of generation and low margin periods or purchases of allowances which right now I would say we don’t have much of a clear indication of what the value of those kinds of things are going to be but we’ll certainly look at all options on the table.
Thomas Voss: There really wasn’t a tradeoff between those $200 million of reductions and profitability or margins and what the team has continued to do over time is look at spending plans both for environmental and non-environmental and some of the environmental what the team continues to do is to further design work, do further value engineering work and seek ways to drive costs out of the plans that we have in place and on the non-environmental same thing. Take a look at the planned spending we have in light of overall business conditions and look for opportunities to reduce bit plan spending and I’d note though when you look at our spending plans and you look at some of the investments we’re making this year, we are still investing in our power plants and making what we consider to be prudent necessary investments to keep those plants running well and in fact, this year they have been running very well.
Thomas Voss: Yeah. And this is Tom Voss. We also hope that we’ll get portable that we’ll be able to put our capacity across markets and across seems, and so we’re going to work with MYSO on that option also.
Thomas Voss: Yeah, the $0.05. So what that related to was during a discrete historical period, while Noranda Aluminum was down, and we are seeing other industrial sales declines, we had made some sales off system, which the margins were held outside of the fuel adjustment clause, what the Commission ordered was that certain of those revenues beflow through the fuel adjustment clause, and so that was about $17 million $0.05 charge. There was, Paul, one period subsequent to that – period subsequent of that were similarly we held certain revenues outside the fact there’s about another $25 million exposure there, the Commission has not ruled on that at this time. However, beyond that there isn’t any exposure because after the last rate case we had, all of those types of revenues from those types of sales were through the rate making process, actually included in our base – net base fuel cost that go into the fuel adjustment clause. So it was really a finite or discrete period in time. It’s not something that is an exposure moving forward.
Thomas Voss: Well, sure it’s a judgment call. I think what we felt like, however, was that in prior periods, we had reported these revenues as part of our core earnings in revenues and we felt like the appropriate thing to do then was to – as we backed these revenues out essentially because they were flowing through the fuel adjustment clause that we would include those in our core earnings but certainly it’s a judgment item. When you look at the Taum Sauk charge that we have, it’s certainly large and unusual in nature. It’s a non-operating item and again in terms of differentiation, there are no prior earnings recognized for Taum Sauk.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, I think is that – this is Marty. I’ll take the point about the capacity price themselves. I think, this is not all that we wanted to be as we outlined in the call, and we don’t necessarily believe that this proposed construct, which isn’t multiyear number one, and number two, we don’t think we’ll necessarily send the right price signals over time for investment in new capacity. So we do believe that it is, however, a good first foundational step for moving forward. We’re certainly going to provide comments to FERC with respect to MYSO’s proposal and obviously this isn’t the final rule. We’ll see what comes out of FERC.
Martin Lyons: This is Marty. Thanks, good question. It does have somewhat to do with the technology. Warner talked about in Missouri certainly having the benefit of the Sioux scrubbers on the merchant side, we have more extensive scrubber equipment in place with scrubbers at Coffin, Duck Creek scrubber, and we certainly are using low sulfur coal and plan to use low sulfur coal there as well. So there is a difference in some of the technologies that’s been deployed. I would also note that the other differentiation is that in the merchant side of our fleet we’re also complying with the multi-pollutant standard, so you’ve got the over layoff those rules on top of CSAPR that impacts your overall compliance decisions. And lastly when you look at the sales profile in Missouri, we certainly have steady regulated load growth to meet over time and in the merchant business, we do seek to line the hedging between our power sales and our fuel hedges over time, so those are some of the differentiating things that we think about.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, I think that there are a number of factors that go in there. Obviously the lower sulfur content in your coal is going to help you in terms of your overall emissions but what makes sense for any particular generator I think is a function of equipment they have in place and the various cost tradeoff they have.
Martin Lyons: Sure. It is really related to market prices versus the coal costs that are embedded in the hedges that we put in place previously and so for I’d say a couple of quarters, we’ve been suggesting that as we layer on additional hedges based on market prices, broker quotes that you could go out and see that we would expect that the average price as we layered in additional hedges would come down. As we sit here today, I would say that those broker quote prices still look to be a little bit below the pricing that we have in the embedded contracts, a little more than below as it relates to 2013 frankly where the embedded costs are a bit higher because of the mix of some of the coal purchases that we actually have in the embedded hedges, so what you see on that fuel slide is as we’ve added megawatt hours hedged in terms of our coal, its brought the blended average price down.
