Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner. I’m truly grateful for and humbled by the opportunity to lead Ameren during these exciting times for our company and for our industry. I’m also honored to follow on your footsteps Warner. You’ve led our team to execute on a strategy that has delivered significant value to our customers and shareholders. Working with his outstanding leadership team and my dedicated coworkers at Ameren, we will remain focused on successfully executing this strategy in the future. I look forward to engaging with all of you joining us on the call today and in the weeks and months ahead. With that, I’ll turn it back over to you, Warner.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Jeremy. Hey, how are you today? Appreciate the question. As it relates to the integrated resource plan, obviously, we filed last fall and as Warner said earlier in the prepared remarks, we continue to work with multiple developers with respect to several projects that would fit within that 1,200 megawatts of clean energy that we plan to deliver over the next several years consistent with that integrated resource plan. So we’re continuing to work on those, and we still expect to file with the commission still this year for approval of a portion of those project. So that work is going on. And then you mentioned the Rush Island Energy Center. And so as you saw in our slides today, in August, the court of appeals affirmed the District Court’s September 19 order. As we said in our slides and prepared remarks, we did file for a rehearing of that decision on October 18. So we do expect to hear back from the court and quite likely by the end of this year, we expect in terms of that rehearing. So it’s really premature to say what action we will take with respect to Rush Island at this point. We’ll wait to see whether there’s a rehearing. But that rehearing is denied and ultimately, we’re faced with that decision. Obviously, it may entail scrubbers in Rush Island or the accelerated retirement of that plant, which might also include the utilization of the securitization legislation was passed earlier this year. So those are some of the things we’re looking at. Considerations as we think about those alternatives or things like customer rate impacts, replacement generation needs and importantly, reliability and investments that may be required in terms of transmission to the extent that Rush Island were to be prematurely retired. So those are some of the considerations. I’ll tell you this, if ultimately a decision is made to retire Rush Island prematurely versus the day we had in our prior integrated resource plan that will require them that we file an updated integrated resource plan with the Missouri Public Service Commission. So stay tuned on that. Like I said, it’s premature to say how all of that will turn out, but that gives you a little bit of color on the potential path forward.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Thanks, Insoo. Good to talk to you again. With respect to moving forward with scrubber, I think there, the expectation is that we would – if we went that route, as expeditiously as possible to put the scrubbers in place at Rush Island. So I’m not sure that there’s an exact time line. Obviously, the acquisition design, construction would take some time to get that put in place. And then with respect to the other route that you described, the retirement route, I think there, we’d be looking at how long Rush Island would continue to operate, obviously, given the things I talked about before, replacement generation needs, importantly, reliability issues around the system in the event of premature retirement, which again may necessitate some transmission investments in order to maintain reliability. So all of those things would be taken into consideration. And ultimately, to the extent that incremental generation was required or some acceleration of the clean energy transition that we’ve got laid out in our IRP, that would all be laid out in that updated integrated resource plan. So again, if we don’t move forward with the scrubber, if we do decide that the Rush Island needs to be shut down earlier than the day in our IRP, which was 2039, then we would move forward with an update to the Integrated Resource Plan. And again, and so that would assess all of the potential adjustments to generation need and timing that were laid out in that prior September Integrated Resource Plan filing.
Marty Lyons: Yes, that sounds great, Warner. Durgesh, I appreciate the question. The – and I think Michael will get into this and expand on it, none of that 1,200 megawatts is really included today in the rate base growth or earnings guidance we have. As I said earlier, we continue to work with multiple developers with respect to multiple projects that would go towards filling out that 1,200 megawatts. At this point, as we negotiate through those, I mean it’s important to understand that those negotiations take time. There’s diligence involved. There’s again, multiple developers we’re working with really to get the best deals we can for our customers ultimately, and there are multiple contracts that need to be negotiated with each one of the developers. So we continue to work, again, with multiple of them on multiple projects. And at this point, I’d say again, I’d say we’re expecting to file for approval for a portion of that 1,200 megawatts. I expect that, that will happen this year still, but also then even further into next year. So stay tuned. I think it’s premature to say exactly which project or projects we’ll announce this year or early next, but we’re working actively on several. So that’s where we stand today.
Marty Lyons: Yes. I mean – and just think about that 9.67 is kind of traditional cost of capital kind of calculations. There’s nothing that’s sort of unique about it from a regulatory perspective. So it’s obviously different than moving away from this formulaic piece that we have.
Marty Lyons: Paul, it’s Marty. I can’t say whether it’s been fully taken care of everybody’s satisfaction. I will tell you this, we do look to work constructively with all the parties in these rate reviews to get everybody the information they need in a timely basis to make decisions. And to your point, do not believe it’s an active issue in terms of a quantified difference between our position and the positions of others in the case. So hopefully, we have resolved that issue fully. But like you said, it’s not manifesting itself today in any kind of difference between the parties.
Marty Lyons: Sure. Yes, Paul, this is Marty. It’s a fair question. We’ll provide a lot more guidance, right, on that specific question and others when we come with our longer-term guidance in February. We’ll give you our view, right, on how we think about the guidance that we set in and how we think about regulatory frameworks and all those types of things. So sit here today, obviously, nothing to change, nothing to talk about other than as we’ve said, we think it’s a constructive piece of legislation that we anticipate assuming that things go well in the workshops, so we would file for a multi-year rate plan. How we embed that into our long-term guidance in early 2022, stay tuned. We’ll be able to provide more detail on that.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Thanks, David. The settlement talks really get going here over the next couple of weeks. We actually have, as we laid out in the slide, server battle testimony that’s actually do Friday. So I think all the parties are focused on that. And then soon after that, the parties will be pulling together reconciliations of the differences between our case and the updated positions of the staff, in particular, but also other parties. And then settlement discussions will get underway. As you know, again, is our – right now, the evidence you’re hearing are really scheduled to begin right after Thanksgiving on November 29. So my expectation is that starting next week and all the way through that time period, there’ll be settlement discussions, hopefully, to narrow the issues and if possible, to resolve the entire case. Obviously, we have been successful in settling a number of cases that we’ve had over the past several years, including the last rate review. So we certainly expect to work towards that goal. And like I said, those discussions will really be happening between now and likely the beginning of those evidentiary hearings.
Warner Baxter: Thank you, Marty. I look forward to continuing to work closely with you in your new role. Together, we remain firmly convinced that the continued execution of our strategy in the future will deliver superior value to our customers, communities, shareholders and the environment. Thank you all for joining us today. I’ll now turn the call over to Michael.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy, for the question. Number one, let me just start with this. We’re very excited about the opportunity that we have for the transmission investment. Number one, we’re absolutely convinced that transmission is going to play an integral role. And that’s a fair company, for our country and really executing this clean energy transition. And we’re right in the middle of it. We have been before, and we are going to continue to be. And so look, it’s premature to put I would say, a specific number. As you heard us in our prepared remarks, MISO has identified $30 billion to $100 billion of investment opportunities of potential projects. And I will tell you, where the country is going is closer to that scenario 3, which is closer to the $100 billion number. So what we’re doing – what MISO is doing, what stakeholders are doing. Look, we’re working together to try and make sure that we put together a good set of projects coming out of this first MTAP that will start us on this path toward just clean energy transition. And as we look at it, if you look at that scenario 1 that’s highlighted out there, we really think the focus will be on more no regrets types of projects as we start putting our toes in the water, if you will, maybe getting up to our knees. And then from there, I think we’ll see it continue to get progressively bigger over time. We think there’ll be some no regrets projects. And in terms of timing, look, I think the group – our group and many stakeholders are working collaboratively to try and figure out the best projects as well as cost allocation things. These things are all things that you typically go through in this process. And so at the end of the day, we think that MISO will propose early in 2022, these projects to their Board of Directors, it will be well informed. And then what we believe will be hopefully will be an approval process that will get them in early 2022. So when you look at them in our overall plans, as we’ve said before, you might see some of these projects in our current five-year plan start coming into play towards the back end of our five-year plan. But certainly, in the second half of this decade, I think you’re going to see a significant emphasis and need for transmission projects. So that’s really what I can tell you today. But as I’ll finish the way I started there, we’re excited about the opportunity because we think it’s significant and important.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. Marty Lyons has been in the middle of all those things. I’m going to turn it over to him to respond to your questions. Marty, go ahead.
Warner Baxter: Yes. And just to give you a perspective, these workshops as you know, we talk about performance metrics. There’s a performance-based ratemaking perspective and concept incorporated in this legislation. So the performance metrics have to be determined, how you work through some of the details of the multiyear rate plan. These are things that stakeholders have to come to the table. And we look forward to working collaboratively with all of them next year.
Warner Baxter: One thing you can miss assured is that me and my industry colleagues, we’re at the table to try and make sure that we get a constructive piece of federal legislation down across the board that will enable us to continue to move forward thoughtfully and effectively with the clean energy transition.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Look, there’s a lot in that question there. Let me give you a couple of pieces, just in terms of the growth itself. I mean, year-to-date, we’ve put in there from a residential standpoint, we’re up 1.5%, commercial 3.5% and industrial 1%. So about 2%, and that’s really what we guided to at the beginning of the year in February. Now the mix is a little bit different. So we’re seeing some improvement in margin there, which is a driver of that increase in the midpoint that you talked about in addition to weather. So we – the plan remains on track with respect to that sales piece, that 2%, we see that sort of guiding in at the same point towards the end of the year. As we talked about at the beginning of the year, that will get us close to being back to 2019, but not quite. So I think the recovery continues, and we’re optimistic about we continue to see things open up here in both of our service territories in Missouri and Illinois. With respect to the guidance itself, I just remind you again, we really – in February last year, that 6% to 8% guidance was off of that midpoint. Obviously, at $375 million, that original midpoint of $375 million. We certainly have given you some select items to think about here in 2022. And then obviously, in February, we’ll roll all this forward to give you another look at capital as well as give you just more specifics about obviously, where our range will be in our earnings guidance for 2022 at that point in time. So hopefully, that give you a little bit of color you’re looking for.
Warner Baxter: Sure. You bet, Marty, why don’t you come on in and address that from an operational perspective, and maybe Michael, you can talk about how we think about guidance in terms of capital expenditures and those types of things.
Warner Baxter: Sure. This is Warner. Look, it’s certainly be premature to predict where the ROEs would be. I mean the filing is going to be sometime in 2023, and it’s a multi-year filing. But what we can point to is, obviously, the 580 basis points, put a 30-year treasury, what that yields today. What we can point to is that in our gas business that we did at the beginning of this year, put in place a – the rate review results, that was a 9.67% return on equity for our gas business. It’s not the electric business, but it’s the gas business. It is just a data point. But how that will ultimately look and what the request will be for a multi-year rate plan, a lot of facts and circumstances will go into that. But we do see an opportunity for improvement, clearly, from our existing return on equity going forward.
Warner Baxter: Exactly. And we would expect the overall process and looking at that return on equity in terms of sort of a traditional look would be very similar. But obviously, with the multi-year rate plan, there may be some other factors that have come into us. So stay tuned.
Warner Baxter: Number one, thank you. I’m truly excited about the new leadership structure and certainly the new roles that Marty and I are taking. And in terms of the last call, gosh, we’re taking one step at a time. We’re not saying this is my last call or anything like that. We’ll take that one step at a time. But you can kind of maybe in the EEI next week. That’s for sure.
Warner Baxter: It’s probably a Warner term, right. So really, when you look at all these projects, I mean, some you can sit there and say, gosh, when we had to get we’re having these congestion areas when we had to get from point A to point B, we have these projects that are in the queue, there are certain of these regional projects, which really satisfy a lot of those transmission – or excuse me, renewable energy projects that are in the queue. And you do the analysis and you sit there and say, gosh, no one could be no one. I shouldn’t say that. It would be hard for people to argue that this isn’t a project that isn’t going to be significantly beneficial to the MISO footprint, frankly, to our country. So I can’t put those as no regrets, low risk, let’s call them that way. Lower-risk projects relatively speaking, compared to some that may have more complications. And so when you look at that scenario one, we think from our perspective, right, beauty’s in the – holder, but from our perspective, and we think there are several of those in there that need to be – they need to move forward. So that’s what I mean. We haven’t outlined which of those that we believe are there, and this is part of the collaborative process that we go through with MISO and other key stakeholders. But that’s how we think. Really lower risk is probably a better term to characterize those projects as.
Michael Moehn: Hey, Jeremy, it’s Michael. Yes, I think we indicated in the prepared remarks in the slide that we historically have been long in the Missouri side. And so obviously, to the extent, that we’re able to take advantage of that in the marketplace is also some sales that flow back to customers through the fuel adjustment clause. So certainly, given where natural gas prices are, which is what the impact it’s having on power prices, it’s definitely a bit of a tailwind from a customer affordability standpoint.
Michael Moehn: Look, you said it all correctly. I mean these workshops will continue on through 2022. And I think we’ll have a conclusion of the by the fall. So we’ll have even better clarity. But as Warner said, the benefits clearly seem to be pretty significant here in terms of just the overall framework itself.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I mean at a high level, that’s correct, Warner. I mean we are – they get into it. I think there are some positive aspects. There are also some things we got to just get our hands around, head around with respect to like this minimum tax liability, which seems to run counter to some those credits as well. So those are just some different aspects that we’re really trying to balance at the end of the day. But hopefully, over the course of the next quarter or so, we’ll have a much better feel for where this is going.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty. Just a couple of other small points on that $17 billion plan that we have out there, as Marty pointed out, there’s very, very little in there with respect to any of these renewable projects. Now we did indicate in that 10-year plan, that $40 billion plus, there is $3 billion of potential projects, which what Marty is referring to. So as we get more clarity on that timing, obviously, typically, what we do in February as we roll forward that capital plan, to be able to give you a bit more transparency about what the timing of that to the extent that we feel better about it and know it. So that’s just a little bit more color on exactly what’s there from a capital standpoint.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Hey David, this is Michael. I mean that $17 billion plan again out there. The equity that we talked about back in third are really supports that $17 billion plan. It’s again sort of there by default that win is not in there, there’s no equity in there for.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I was just referring to last February, David, when we gave the 6% to 8% earnings per share growth guidance, it was off of that midpoint of 3.75%. And so that’s where people should continue to stay focused. We obviously gave you some 2022 select items here to think about in the third quarter, and then we’ll obviously roll forward stuff and give you a specific guidance in February of 2022.
