Patrick Doyle: I think there are really a couple of things there. I mean first what is most important is that our team members get home safely, and we had a couple of very serious accidents that drove essentially half of that charge. One was right at the end of the covered period as we went into kind of the actuarial study that we have done annually in the past, infact we are going to do that twice a year going forward now which you know should help smooth out any movement on that. That charge, we’ve gone through the same process every year in the past, we do it once a year and we’ve never had a change on that accrual of more than half a million to a million dollars. So -- the big move and there were two accidents that drove a lot of it. But I will tell you at the beginning of the year we had an increase in frequency of incidents, and some of the severity of incidents, and we take that very seriously. The trend is already getting better on that, but we’ve got to manage that closely and carefully and most importantly because we want everybody who is working for us to get home safely at the end of the day. So you know some of that is hopefully going to be more in the one-time category as long as we can manage this carefully going forward. That would be -- our expectation is that we would get it back down. I will tell you that we have had a long term trend of being flat to down on incidents in the system, and it was troublesome that it picked up. So we’re on top of it, we are going to manage it carefully, you know I can’t emphasize enough what matters more than anything is that people are getting home safely and we’re going to aggressively manage it going forward.
Patrick Doyle: Yes I think some of that platform, and as we were talking about kind of anywhere came right at the end of the third quarter. You know but this is the first time we’ve gone out and really talked about how all of these different places that you can order through Dominos and make it as easy as possible for people to access our brands, but this is really about the fourth quarter. It may have hit right at the end of the third, but effectively it started early in the fourth quarter.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. it just started in the fourth quarter, so I really can't get into it, I guess what I would say is we wouldn't roll it nationally if we didn't think it was going to be a positive contributor to our success going forward, but its really a fourth quarter event.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, Karen, the overall charge on a pretax basis was $5.7 million, $4.3 million of that was reported in cost of goods sold. In the domestic store segment where team USA our corporate operations reside and $1.4 million of it was booked in supply chain.
Patrick Doyle: I mean, some of it can be attributed to simply the growth in the business that we've had and -- but at the end of the day the weather, I mean, its bad weather every winter. And so no – look we're going to manage aggressively. We have been as we saw it in the first quarter a couple of these were -- two were severe accidents that drove about half of this. But at the end of the day that's still not acceptable. We've got to manage it well and aggressively and we're doing that. Certainly it is our hope that we are going to get this back down. We're already seeing some good trend on that. But there are no excuses around this with weather or anything else. We've got to manage it aggressively.
Patrick Doyle: Karen, I think we can't into that, I mean, it's in the fourth quarter and I guess I'll repeat what I said to Alton. We wouldn't roll it out if we didn't believe in it, we've rolled it out nationally, but I'm not going to get anything, that's going to kind of indicate where we are with fourth quarter results.
Patrick Doyle: No. You're looking at about one point differential. And I guess what I would tell you is anything within a couple of points are being the same is frankly the range that we would generally expect. We're in seven or eight markets with our corporate stores, there is always going to be some kind of regional differentiation in terms of performance and anything within a couple of points between the two is I think kind of expected.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. Well, first of all, you may have notice we're not advertising it on television right now. We're advertising our digital and kind of the core of our business where the add dollars are going. So the Marbled Cookie Brownie is being done online and with prints. And I guess the bottom line for what do you do it is people like dessert. It is a nice add-on and generally when you're talking about something that is not center of the plate, it is going to have less effect on order growth than pizza or something that's kind of more the main meal. And this is something that is not happening within our television right now. So, the answer is this is more about kind of add-on. It's more about potentially driving a little bit of ticket. But the assumption of your question is correct, which is something like this is not going to be as focused on order count growth as perhaps pizza might be. We're advertising around access to the brands, digital innovation that's far more about order growth than the Marbled Cookie Brownie would be.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think it’s very consistent Brian with what we've said before is kind of what we're continuing to see which is an individual store getting reimaged will help the comp of that store by a point or two or three. When it gets done what is far more effective are important is the effect that it has on kind of maintaining overall momentum in the business and clearly with the comp growth that we're experiencing year-to-date were awfully pleased with the brand momentum. And we are continuing to see from that growth far more is coming out of order count growth than out of ticket. So this is about customers being excited about the experience that they're getting at Domino's and the reimaging of the stores clearly plays into that. So the individual effect on an individual store is relatively modest as we have said in the past. But we do believe that we are seeing in the results some of the overall effect of more and more of our system being reimaged.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. What I'm really most excited about Brian is the simplistic of the program. So basically you get 10 points for every order of over $10 and when you 60 points, so effectively 10 orders you're getting a free medium pizza. It's very simple, six orders, yes, so it's very simple and customers understand this and we have seen how it can affect other brands. We've done a lot of research on this in designing it and obviously we're optimistic about it or we wouldn't have rolled out nationally.
Patrick Doyle: I'm going to say, one of things you learn from research on loyalty programs is they can get very complicated and you loss customers when they get too complicated and so this is very simple. Its transparent, people understand what they need to do. Fundamentally six orders over $10 gets you free medium pizza.
Patrick Doyle: No. The capacity constrains issues is simply upside for us. It's something that can be dealt with. I will tell you that the best day a franchisee has or we have in our corporate stores is we have so much volume coming in that we need to add another oven or a longer make line or something like that to handle that capacity. And I'll go back to the comments that I made about our franchisees and the system. Overall, I am just extremely pleased with how they are executing. At some point if the volume coming into the store is simply too much to handle with the size of the overall store than you got an opportunity to add another store. You're seeing that as part of the increase in that store growth and that too is a great day when you look at a store and say, my volume and as a result my profits coming from the store are extremely strong and I think its time to add another store to handle some existing territory. Those are incredibly high class problems. So, look obviously we are really pleased with four quarters in a row of double-digit comps. And I would point out year-to-date our international business is north of 7% which if you look at our history going back 15 plus years that is as good that has been over that period of time as well and momentum is a power thing. So I guess what I would say is we wake up every morning and we're trying to figure out how do we sustain momentum and how do we keep the growth going in the business. We are never satisfied with the sales that we're getting. We always want more. We never satisfied with the execution we have in the store, even though we're pleased with where we are. It's our job to continue to look for more opportunities to reduce friction points for customers and it's our job to keep momentum going. And so obviously I can't go into what's happening within quarters or expectations going forward except to say that we are extraordinarily focused on keeping that momentum going.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. So, on labor rates specifically around our company-owned store first, we saw a little bit of an uptake in that line. Some of it wage rate, some of it just higher bonuses as our performance in our corporate operations has been very good. On the franchisees side on balance we only have 375 corporate stores. I think the other 4800 or so are generally seeing kind of the same environment around wages. The other thing I'd say is kind of despite any wage inflation, we haven't seen a ton of wage inflation. I would say that our entrepreneur independent franchisees are going to manage through it. Last year when cheese was at in all time high they were able to put up their best ever on average unit economics in the 55-year history of the brand, we have a lot of great franchisees out there that really don't look for excuses, they are really just focused on managing and whether its food cost or labor line item they're going to managed through it, so we're not overly concerned about wages at the moment.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. First of all, we do have some tip credit team members out there. And it's kind of a market by market decision. We're looking at what we need to pay to get great people in markets and that varies and obviously minimum wage varies, your ability to apply tipped credit and all varies state-by-state and sometimes city-by-city. And it various even more greatly with our franchisees who are making their own decisions on their compensation, and so, there is a lot of variation on that. And at the end of the day, we've got to pay at a level that's going to get us great team members and ultimately that's also going to include what their tips are going to be as drivers and that also varies market-to-market. And frankly as we look at their overall compensation we're taking into account kind of the level of average tipping in different markets, because we know that's going to be part of their decision, they're going to make whether or not they're going to work for us and what their total compensation picture is going to look like. In terms of labor and digital and kind of efficiency in the stores, I will tell you that there is still inefficiency in the stores, there are still opportunity to get better and how we manage our labor, but we have enormous advantage in our platform with our know-how with digital to be able to run our stores efficiently. When we were first getting digital ordering going, I will tell you that we expected labor efficiency faster than we saw it. We didn't really start seeing a lot of labor efficiency in the stores until we got to kind of this 15% to 20% digital order range. We were looking very carefully when we were kind of single digit 10% and we really, we had to look awfully hard to see it. And the reality is that you've got a fixed amount of labor in stores to cover shifts, to cover the basic functions in the store and when it was a relatively low level, our digital orders, your ability to offset labor was pretty minimal. As its gotten higher we started to see more impact from that and we're in the range now with digital sales around 50% that we clearly can see some savings in the store. What's maybe more important than that though is not just the labor savings, its kind of the overall profitability of digital orders. And what's most important on that is order comp growth. As customer experience the ability to drive frequency retention of those customers that ultimately what drivers better overall economics in the stores. Volume order counts, happy customers ultimately has more affect than labor savings or anything else. So, we believe given our the strength of our digital platform it puts us in certainly a better than average position to kind of manage kind of the overall cost structure, particularly if we see change in that going forward and we continue to make investments that hopefully we're going to continue to create even more competitive advantage around that.
Patrick Doyle: We've some ticket and go back to the comments I made about Marbled Cookie Brownie. That helps getting ticket. Fundamentally you have two ways of doing it. You can sell more food or you can increase price. If you can get it by selling more food that's going to help the overall profitability of the order and it is also something not going to negatively impact the customer in any way. But I think my overall take is customers are smarter today, more careful about how they are spending their money post the downturn in 2008, 2009 and that hasn't changed. They've got access to more pricing information. They are making smarter decisions and that's ultimately a great thing that helps us because we create great value. But in terms of is there significant pricing power for us, no, there is not. I don't think you can take aggressive price in this economy right now and not expect that’s it’s going to hit your order counts. So you know we do it very judiciously, when we can we try to take it by selling more food as opposed to directly increasing price, but you know both of those play in and the majority of the pricing decision is made locally by the store. They honor the national price point but the majority of the sales are being done off a local price points, local menu pricing, local coupons that are being chosen and that gives you an ability to adapt the kind of local market conditions both customer demand and the cost structure that’s in place market by market.
Patrick Doyle: And you know and we have a terrific lave cakes and you would expect to see a little bit of it come out of the lava cakes. But we wouldn’t do it if we didn’t think that it was going to be largely incremental.
Patrick Doyle: It’s really is all they have to do is click a box on their pizza profile. And so we make that as simple for them as we possibly can.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, no its – so first of all we haven’t broken out exactly what those sales are, but the answer is net of the people that we needed to add to manage this process of going through the reimaging and it will have no positive or negative effect on our bottom line P&L. So, you know what you kind of guess that is should you worry about whether or not as we finish the reimaging whether or not there will be a drop off in profits because we are no longer selling the equipment for the reimage as the answer is no. You shouldn’t worry about that because net of the people we needed to add to manage through the process it has no positive or negative effect on our profitability.
Patrick Doyle: Yes well first clearly we are kind of the world leaders in real time delivery. We’ve been doing it a long time, we are very efficient at it and we’ve got a lot of system built up around that particularly operationally. And I guess what I would say is there are a lot of people who have gotten into the space. My understanding is that as it relates to moving packages and food, very few if any of them are today making money doing that. There are folks that are doing pretty well out there moving people around, but I think people are learning that you know moving packages around and the scale that you need to do that it’s not easy. And you know there are real operational complexicities to it beyond kind of building the software platform to do it. So we are really good at it as people have tried to compete with us around the world in delivery I think they have found out overtime that it’s operationally not as easy to operate as people may think and it has been a great source of advantage for us versus our competition both. What we are able to do with the digital platform and the scale of our business and the ability to spread those costs across the system has built a pretty effective competitive advantage for us as people have tried to get into physically moving food or packages around – I think they are finding that the economies or scale on that are pretty tough. So we watch it closely, and you know both domestically and around the world but we are pretty confident of our ability to do it awfully well and as you are aware we’ve been investing heavily to continue to drive efficiencies for us in doing it.
Patrick Doyle: Yeah, I think you know certainly if you look at China, you’ve seen both KFC and McDonald’s in major cities have done delivery. And you know that’s still less common for them across their system than more common. So as China I think has done a little bit more at the forefront for those brands in moving the delivery. There's certainly lots of aggregators out there for kind of digital ordering and most of which are not as significant scale yet and then you’ve – I think from kind of the delivery service side, there are certainly markets where that’s moving faster than others but I don’t know that I would say it’s materially different in international than it is in the U.S. I don’t know if it’s any more advanced in a lot of these markets than what we are seeing in the U.S. Our business in China – we’re still under a 100 stores but we continue to be pleased with the progress we are making there but you know obviously it is still a relatively small business for us.
Patrick Doyle: Thank you everybody. I look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day in January as well as discussing our fourth quarter earnings and year-end results on February 25th.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. We feel very good about it clearly, and you know the comps both domestically and internationally were obviously extremely strong. I think there is – we continue to find new ways to drive the business with technology, what we're able to do with the analytics around the technology as people are on these digital platforms are terrific. But I'll tell you the other thing that just adds into this tremendously is the overall momentum in the business, the energy from our franchisees, the level of execution as we're driving success overall, there is a certain amount of the success that we're experiencing right now that frankly can only be contributed to kind of the collective momentum within the system. It's driving terrific profitability for the franchisees as we've said in the script. Our expectation after 89,000 of profits last year as average for our domestic franchisees, our expectation is that we will be 100 plus which has been a goal of ours for some time. And that means that they're excited, they're reinvesting, they are driving the business forward, so there are lot of things that are playing into this, but clearly digital continues to be front and center and it’s an important part of the story both domestically and internationally.
Jeff Lawrence: And the one thing I would add to that is rough the statement from before which is we believe we're well on the way to the $100,000 of EBITDA for the average franchisee, so overall different line items may move around on the P&L, but overall at the end of the day what we're looking at the most and certainly what our franchisees are looking at the most is what is the bottom line and the bottom line looks so far materially better in 2015 than it did in 2014 and 2014 was a record year.
Jeff Lawrence: You know, on FX generally it’s been a headwind for us, every quarter this year the run rate on a material basis really wasn't that different than we seen over the past 12 months, so its going to be $18 million to $20 million based on our current estimate about three quarters of that, now we're at two, three quarter at the year. We've taken, but again, I don't think any surprise that FX is a headwind for us or any other QSR with international operation. And when you look at the basket we've got a real nice diversified basket of currencies. It is just that we find ourselves in 2015 where the dollar has decided to strengthen against darn near every single one of them. Despite that headwind we remained proud what we're able to do on the bottom line and we'll monitor going forward, but I don't think the FX in Q3 was any different on a run rate basis than we'd expected.
Jeff Lawrence: Well, what we do, I mean, what we do is as far as our estimating process on FX is we basically subscribe to an independent kind of economist consensus around FX and we get all of the best thinking around where people think FX is going to go and that's how we drive our estimate. So we're not taking kind of our own personal view of the world or on FX market. We just think that you know it's been a headwind Q4 likely also to be headwind with the comment I made earlier that we expect this total tally in 2015 to be $18 million to $20 million. Again things can change, FX can change, but that's our best view over that at the moment.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, so on supply chain if you just look at the margin and you know supply chain margins $31 million for the third quarter. A year ago it was about $29 million, we obviously have a bunch of flow through from volumes you know most of our comp increases in the quarter and year-to-date have been from traffic as opposed to ticket. You do have the insurance charge as you mentioned. Other than that, you know it’s not going to really material they are really fixed out to us, it was a little bit down as a percentage, the operating margin as a percentage of revenues, but again, we attribute that more to the insurance charge and anything. We are not seeing big big changes and things like you know labor rates or things like that. So really have nothing, nothing really incremental this year with – it’s a good business for us. It’s a good business for our franchisees, they get great product better than they can buy it anywhere else. And it’s got a good ROI for the business, but other than that insurance charge really nothing else to point out.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, so and as Patrick mentioned earlier we are all hands on deck on ensuring that the financial picture around insurance doesn't repeat itself as far as kind of this, this little blip we had. But more importantly it’s about getting team members home safely. Our run rate going forward it will also largely be determined kind of by an actuarial estimate for the next fiscal year we expect that to be you know marginally up from our historical run rate just because of those the increase that we had earlier this year and some of the severity that we saw, we don’t think that’s going to be a materially higher run rate and again I think that again as Patrick mentioned to the extent that we are successful in managing through this I think we are going to get it down to the long term run rate over time. So I don’t expect it to be a material headwind for us or an increase really in 2016 maybe a little bit but again that will be kind of done with our independent actuary coming up in the next couple of months.
