Russell Weiner: Good morning, Brian. Thanks for the question. And I think a lot of it is actually in some of the prepared remarks that we went through, but I'll just really try to split it up a little bit for you because the answers are really a sequential acceleration for sure on the carryout business, where we went from 11% increase in the first quarter to 14.6% increase in the second quarter. So definitely that momentum that we saw impacted on three-year stack basis. We went from 24% to 33%, so significant acceleration and strength in the carryout business, very exciting. I think on the delivery business if you look at what happened in the quarter. We were up against much more significant overlap last year. So even though we had 11.7% decline on a three-year stack basis were up 8% compared to the plus 6% that we had last quarter. And so sequentially, a lot of the initiatives that we talked about on the last earnings call started playing in and delivery did improve sequentially. We have more work to do, but we definitely had some progress that we saw in the quarter, so said another way that the sequential improvement of 530 basis points was driven by both carryout and delivery with both making meaningful progress.
Russell Weiner: Sure. Thanks and good morning. On the customer service side really at the end of the day, what we like is things have gotten sequentially better in the second quarter over the first quarter. We certainly still have capacity things we're dealing with, but at the end of the day, demand is strong and our ability to serve in that capacity is getting better. To your second question on the evaluation, what I tell you is we are 100% committed to getting this done ourselves. We think the answers to some of the capacity issues lie within the system and until we get though where we need to be, our responsibility is to understand all the options available and that's what we're going to do.
Russell Weiner: Yeah. Thanks David. We have seen sustainability and continuing momentum and convenient growth in carryout not just over the last three years, but over last decade or so, since we decided to really focusing on that area. One of the reasons that's so important for us is, it's very incremental to delivery. We see maybe 15% or so overlap between carryout occasions and delivery occasions. Interestingly enough, the carryout sourcing of buy-in we have is lesser from pizza on a percentage basis and more so from other QSR. So enables us to not only grow in the larger carryout pizza segment, but the larger carryout QSR segment.
Russell Weiner: I think John for the question I just also want to reiterate that success of that boost week, it was the biggest week for us for the year and on the carryout side, it was our biggest week in history. And so when you think about a boost week, it's not just about the delivery business, it's also about the carryout business and we did an incredible job doing it there. Look, we have the best franchisees in the business and we gave them enough time and our supply chain enough time to prepare for this thing. We were ready. I think they're also right. It is showing that we're making some of the things that we're doing, improving, Sandeep talked about the sequential decline in the difference between our top and bottom staff quintile. So we wouldn't have done this if we didn't think we could handle it. And I think our system did a great job.
Russell Weiner: Yes, I think to add to Sandeep’s points, just a little context on the development side. First, I'm just so proud of our system. If you look back at the last five years and you look both in the pizza industry and the QSR industry, as far as actual number of net stores and percentage, Domino's is a leader in that, and still with these numbers, we're going to continue to be a leader. So just some context there, but also I think what that tells me is while we continue to lead in development, our franchisees are doing exactly what they need to do, which is balancing the capacity needs between the current stores they have and stores they need to open.
Russell Weiner: Yes, Sandeep, I think I would just add, there is every incentive for our franchisees to continue to build, obviously the EBITDA per store is still a very strong place. The returns on a new store still in a very strong place, when we look at the top quintile stores on delivery, the ones that are really doing well, those are the ones that have fortress the most. And so what happens when you're fortress is you get closer to your customers, getting closer to your customers from a delivery perspective, during a capacity constrained, labor constrained environment helps delivery. We also know the majority of the carryout volume, the overwhelming majority of the carryout volume when you open up a new store is incremental. So there's every incentive financially and also in helping us deal with capacity to go ahead and continue to do that.
Russell Weiner: Yes, I would just add to, Sandeep talk about efficiency, answers your question from a financial standpoint. I would maybe do that also to add some color on the operations standpoint. Essentially on the delivery side efficiency is what we need to drive. Simplification is what we need to drive. So our folks in stores are focused on the most added value parts of their jobs. And if you think about a couple of the programs we talked about last quarter and we continue to give some input on here. For example, one of those things is taking calls out of the store. We ended last quarter with 29% of our stores on call center. We ended this quarter at 43%. Our operation simplification project there are many of them, one we spoke about last time, which is eliminating multiple box folding times within a store, which doesn’t sound like a lot. It actually adds up to 40 hours a store a week. And that program is now in 90% of our stores around the country. So efficiency on the operations standpoint leads to unlock capacity, and then that flows down to the financial.
Russell Weiner: I don’t know about innings, Dennis, it’s the All-Star break, although my Yankees, Mr. Stanton won the MVP. So, we’re pretty happy there. We are a work in progress brand and we are just – we are never going to be satisfied with our ability to fulfil capacity until we can fulfil every single order. That is coming our way. So in that case, we will never be in the final three innings as far as I’m concerned because we can always get better. We did say, we do think and our first priority is try to fulfil this stuff internally. We have a lot of stores who are doing that. A lot of franchisees are doing that. We are 100% committed to getting this done ourselves and we’re seeing improvements. But until we get where we need to be, we will continue to explore all options. But our big focus there is for us to be able to serve our own customers.
Russell Weiner: Yes. No, I mean, if you look historically we ran, call it three to four boost weeks a year. Obviously we are planning one at a time. And so we want to work with our franchisees. Obviously everyone thought the last one went well or see how the next one goes. And we will announce anything further after that happens. So nothing more than just one step at a time, one pizza at a time.
Russell Weiner: Yes, I’d just add to that to Sandeep’s point on balance. The balance for us as we go into this quantitative testing, like he said, we’ve done this over a decade is essentially to balance how do we optimize [Audio Dip] EBITDA, but also how do we optimize value to the customer? And all of those inputs help us get to where we want to be. We know at the end of the day though, order counts are much more correlated to profitability than tickets. So it’s about driving order counts. When we talk about the macro environment, to me, I started at Domino’s right in the middle of a recession back 14 years ago. This is a category where for folks who want to continue to eat out when times are tough, they will maybe down switch from a sit down or what have you into pizza. So we actually think our concept, our business is strong as we maybe go through more difficult times.
Russell Weiner: Yes. And on Stranger Things, I just – you have an amazing memory. My first day, I remember looking at the Batman box, wow, that’s pretty amazing. You’re right though, interestingly enough, we have not done a tie in, in a big way since then. And that’s because, I believe – we believe that we really don’t have any interest in getting lost in a laundry list of brand high. And most of the time nowadays, whether it’s with sports or with movies or what have you, that’s what it is. At the end of the day, I’m not sure if anyone knows what brand is associated with what. I think you just get lost there. And I think that was one of the reasons why this promotion was so strong because we don’t do it a lot. And Netflix, and particularly the Stranger Things property, they don’t do that a lot. And so when two brands that are really strong brands in and of itself without being borrowed equities come together and do something like this is so powerful. And so, yes, an opportunity like this comes around, again, you can see us do this, but our logo will not be paved at the bottom of a dozen others in a partnership.
Russell Weiner: Hey, thanks so much everybody for joining the call this morning. Sandeep and I look forward to speaking with you in October to discuss our third quarter 2022 results. Have a great day.
Sandeep Reddy: So Brian, thanks for the question. I think when we look at the U.S. potential, I think Russell has touched on something really important with the carryout momentum and the acceleration that we are seeing there and the opportunities that we have in terms of the QSR space and how we can actually penetrate into that. So then I'm going to actually go back to what we've talked about previously as our goal for the U.S. of 8,000 stores relative to that is 6,619 stores already. So the gap is not massive. And as we've talked about this year from the beginning, I think on the last call itself, Rich mentioned that we were probably going to see some headwinds basically in terms of the space of development because of supply chain problems, just the fishery environment, et cetera. This continues to be the factor. And I think even though we are at a trailing 12 months of 3%, we see some potential deceleration relative to that in the short term, until all of these headwinds subside, doesn't change the long term trajectory of where we can take this, but I think we need these headwinds to subside before we can accelerate. And I think from our franchisees, they have a really fantastic industry meeting profitability. Their returns are very compelling. They average three years in terms of cash on cash payback. And they see the potential part to future growth. So we are really confident that the 8,000 unit objective is definitely very achievable and especially for the momentum that we are saying on the carryout business if we actually have more upside without focusing strategy, and that actually, that gives us a lot of upside in runway in terms of development.
Sandeep Reddy: Thanks John for the question. So I think what you did here on the prepared remarks was, yes, we expect to see a slowing down of the trailing 12 months unit growth, definitely through the balance of the year and as long as we see the headwind. So we didn't say 12 months, but we said until the headwinds is subside. But I think in the international business, we're super excited because it's a plus 9% trailing 12 months growth. And that's very, very solid. And I think if you look at the quarter and you unpack it, it was really driven by this UK VAT impact and the overlaps. And in fact, if you include, basically it's been a positive comp for the international division. And so what I would say is look at the three-year stacks on international. It's 13%, very healthy. And we are very confident with that. And so I think we are very comfortable with the range that we provided the 6% to 8% on average across the global footprint of growth and international at 9%. That sounds we've demonstrated that with all these comps, we've been able to deliver very strong unit development. And we see no reason for that to change.
Sandeep Reddy: A lot to unpack in the question itself so, but I'd say overall, let's start with pricing. And our pricing, we have multiple levers on pricing. A mix and match is one of them and as part of the national offer, but I think there's menu pricing, which I think would have been activated well before any of the changes on national offer that we talked about. There's the national offer updates that were made in the first quarter. And then I think local pricing is actually an option that the franchisees have at their disposal and delivery fees are something that has been activated all the time, with the franchisees. So all of those elements would have gone into pricing effectively, both in the first quarter is whether the second quarter and it's not just national pricing. So the average of all of that was about 6% in the second quarter. So that's one thing I would actually take away from that. And so I think when we look at pricing and ticket versus order count. What we had in the second quarter was order count was definitely down. And I think when you look at the pressure that we actually faced, the pressure was really significantly more on the delivery side. And then when I look at the overall offset, we saw ticket offsetting order count declines to end up with the minus 2.9% that we saw in the quarter. Even though, we had these headwinds, I think sequentially same-store sales did accelerate to the point that we made. And I think we are very happy because from a sequential standpoint, it's clear that the actions that we are taking to address the issues in terms of capacity to serve on the delivery business are helping us. And we are seeing the demand coming through and that's why we saw the acceleration because it's reflected both in the order count as well as the ticket and the combination of those. So happy with what we're seeing, but I think as we go through the subsequent quarters, we'll have more information on all the drivers that we’re talking about all.
Sandeep Reddy: So Jared, thanks for the question. There's two pretty significant components in that. So let me start with a second and I'm going to go to the first, because from a carryout momentum standpoint, I think Russell talked about it earlier in one of the previous answers as well. The carryout business and the delivery business are two separate businesses. What we are seeing is very significant acceleration on the carryout business, which is very encouraging for us because we basically are able to penetrate a new market and I think a much – a significantly larger market in addition to the delivery business. The delivery business, one in three pizzas like Russell told last time is delivered by us. So we have a very strong position in that. So the thesis in terms of unit development is based on both businesses being fulfilled from the box and the potential that we have continues to be very strong. If anything, this actually gives us even more runway in terms of unit development versus what was there before, but in no way, is this a trade between carryout and delivery. They're two separate businesses. The carryout should be incremental to the delivery business and we are doing all the work that we're doing on the delivery business. So in terms of U.S. unit growth and the deceleration that's been happening, there's a few puts and takes that are going on over there. I think it's a few years ago, we had the reclass the Hawaii and some of the market that's basically out of the United States into – out of international into the United States, which helped the United States. That was the one year it picked about 5%. But other than that, it's been in the flourish range, pre-pandemic. And I think the trailing 12 months of three is more reflective of some of the headwinds that we've been seeing since the pandemic started in terms of supply chain, economic factors, including staffing. So overall, I think once we get past these headwinds, there's no reason we can't get to a normalized unit development growth, especially given the drivers that just talked about, this carryout business, being an incremental opportunity that we seem to be seeing, gathering steam as we go along and delivery business being what the baseline thesis was about anything. So that's answering both of your questions and I hopefully give you enough information on that.
Sandeep Reddy: Yes, Andrew, thanks for the question. And so I think the opportunities are multifaceted, right. So I think we talked about three different components. On the first one, we talked about the consumer pricing architecture and I think there, it's really about looking at given the different cost measures that we are dealing with. How do we make sure that we deliver terrific value to the consumer, but at the same time, taking up price where it makes sense, and it still delivers that value to the consumer. And so we'll keep on looking at that as time goes along. The second was, just making sure that operating revenues are going faster than – revenues are going faster than expenses. And from an operating margin standpoint, we did see some sequential improvement. We went from a 270 basis points decline in Q1 to 180 basis points decline in Q2. So that includes some G&A discipline as well, that we talked about. And you saw that we lowered our guidance for the year on G&A based on that. And it’s really about prioritizing as to expenses to make sure that we’re making investments and opportunities that are driving near-term growth, and actually continuing to invest in critical areas like technology and supply chain, which we have over the years, will keep doing that. But it’s that prioritization that is critical. But the most important thing honestly, is the third one that I talked about, which is how do we accelerate our capacity to serve the demand that we see. And that’s what Russell talked about earlier in the call. And I think that’s been very encouraging to see the progress that we’ve actually made in the last quarter. We continue to work on similar drivers in the coming quarters as well. So as much as we can make progress on that I think we’ll be able to get to much better place.
Sandeep Reddy: So Chris, it’s a great question. And I think it really ties back to what I talked about in the prepared marks, which is in the end pricing in itself is fine, but it’s about making sure there’s a terrific value to the consumer. And that really is the key threshold for us. And so we continue to do testing. And by the way, the testing’s been done for the last decade, not just the last quarter. And that’s a process that is always going on inside the company. And look, when the macroeconomic situation is as volatile as it is, things keep on shifting and we continue to do consumer testing to ensure based on the shifting sense, what makes sense and what doesn’t make sense. We’re pretty clear that there is definitely a decreasing cost environment. So there’s a balance between making sure that terrific value is being delivered to the consumer. And then making sure that from a profitability standpoint, our franchisees are able to make the profits on their stores to deliver the paybacks they need from a long-term perspective. And we and our franchise partners basically look at it from a long-term perspective because most of them have been with us for decades or a number of years and find long-term commitments with us. And it’s a shared journey. So we work on it together with them. And I think there’s – that thoughtfulness will continue to go into what we do.
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. So Jon, I’ll go through the clarification question and then Russell will definitely answer the question on the Stranger Things question that you have. So I think from a check different standpoint, there are always I think between the delivery fee and other components of the cost to serve, the delivery ticket tends to be higher than the carryout ticket. There’s a few other dynamics in terms of some of the natural offer changes that we made as well that go into it. But that is pretty much what we would say. It is a higher ticket than carryout. But I think it also is pretty obvious when you look at the relative trends of delivery versus carryout. Carryout had a 14.6% same-store sales increase in the quarter, delivery was down 11.7% and comps were down minus 2.9%. So you can actually make the conclusion from that.
