J. Doyle: I mean, it gets hard to really pull that apart. I guess, that's what I'd say, because, obviously, it's all happening at the same time. But I guess what I would say is the new products certainly helped. We were rolling over a little bit easier comp in the fourth quarter of 2010. So if you look at our kind of 2-year comp number for the fourth quarter, it was pretty much in line with what we've been doing on a 2-year comp over the course of the year. But the new products performed very well, we're very pleased with both of them. But the more important story continues to be higher levels of retention and customer satisfaction and frequency from customers, which is really that new base of business that we've been talking about. 
J. Doyle: First of all, if you look at the fourth quarter of 2010 number, it was actually, I think, a point the other way. So franchisees beat team USA by about a percentage. So probably you just got a little bit better of a flip-flop going on quarter-over-quarter over the years, but I wouldn't read a lot into it. We're very happy with how the team is running the corporate stores. But if you look at it on a longer-term view, I think the answer is both sides are doing very, very well and I don't know that I would read a lot into kind of the specifics of the team USA versus the franchise stores. 
J. Doyle: Yes, Brian, I can't really go into that as you'd expect. I guess what I'd say is what we said before, which is we run the numbers, I think the same way that our investors do. And we look for what's going to generate the best return for our shareholders. And apart from that, until we've kind of gotten through this process, I can't say a lot more. 
J. Doyle: Yes. It's hard to pull that apart in any kind of a short-term basis, but I would tell you that we're definitely seeing some of the leverage on labor from both of those, and fourth quarter was better. I mean, even when I talk about the pressure on store-level margins. It was better for our corporate stores and fourth quarter was better for our franchisees, as well, than the first 3 quarters were. So nice forward progress there. It's a trend that we need to keep going. But you're right on the labor leverage. It's definitely there. We've got a newer, higher level of sales, the stores, as they're adjusting to that higher level of sales, figure out how to get more efficient over time as we kind of settled into that new higher base and kind of continue to grow from it. But while I can't really give you a specific answer on how much of it comes from just higher sales versus carryout, versus online ordering, what I can tell you with confidence is, it's sum of all 3 of those. 
J. Doyle: Sure. Yes, what Russell was talking about on that is, if you look at what generates orders, in the hamburger business or in the pizza business, it's kind of the center of plate items, right? It's -- you generate orders by selling more pizzas or sandwiches or pasta, but you generate orders by selling kind of the main items. But what makes those profits more profitable, what makes those orders more profitable, is to get good add-ons to those orders and to have kind of the right selection of those things. French fries are very profitable for the hamburger companies. And so, for instance, we kind of soft launched Parmesan Bread Bites in the fourth quarter and we have since launched them in the first quarter and are out there, it's our current campaign. And in the fourth quarter, we had launched the Stuffed Cheesy Bread. Great products and very good margins. So the extent to which we can add those onto the orders, it's going to make each order more profitable and some of that plays into the margin gains you saw on the corporate source side and as I've talked about, in the franchise side in the fourth quarter. 
J. Doyle: Yes, I guess, what I'd say Joe, is it's still very broad. And if you look at the fourth quarter on a 2-year basis, it was exactly equal to the 2-year number for the full year for international. I think it was 13 -- was it 13.7, I believe, on a 2-year basis both for the quarter and for the year. So the answer on it is pretty consistent with what we've been saying for a while, which is even as there are kind of some concerns out there around kind of global economic growth, we just haven't been seeing signs of it, except we've clearly felt that a bit in Greece. But as we look overall in our major markets, and as you've seen some of them have already released their fourth quarter or second half of the calendar year numbers, they've all continued to hold up quite well. 
J. Doyle: Yes we do. I mean, they're part of the sales side of the stores, so we do collect a royalty on that. And the answer is typically it's in the $1.75 to $2 range per order is kind of the average on that. There hasn't been a lot of movement on that. And I think given a little broader answer on it, as we look at grass prices, there are really 3 ways in which it can affect us. One is kind of the direct reimbursement to our drivers or for the franchisees to their drivers. And that's a direct riddle that at some point, you've got to deal with the cost on that. But on order of magnitude on that, overall is relatively small. You've got potential changes in consumer behavior and our experience with that in the past is that we just don't see that much direct change in consumer behavior shifts back or forth between carryout or delivery. We've scrubbed that data up, down and sideways. And honestly, just have not seen a whole lot on that front. The bigger medium-term to longer-term concern is it doesn't start to flow through food cost, doesn't start to flow through commodities. And that's the one that's potentially big enough that it could turn into a headwind if oil prices continue to move up materially. But so far, commodities are looking pretty good and our outlook is still for pretty modest increases for 2012 over 2011. 
J. Doyle: No. I mean, that's why we increased our outlook is we think that's something that we're going to see on an ongoing basis, particularly as we look at technology. It continues to be a real differentiator for us and for our brands with consumers, and it's an area where we're going to continue to invest going forward. So that's -- we raised our range for our outlook by $5 million on both top and bottom ends and we think that's where it's going to be for the near term. 
J. Doyle: I think the answer, John, is the model has worked incredibly well. We're generating better growth than anybody, I think our percentage store growth now, going back over the last few years, is better than any of the major international players. So we love the model. I would never say never. If we hit a point where we look at a market and say, you know what, we're convinced that our getting directly involved will make a material difference, we would certainly leave that open as an option. But as you've seen to this point, we haven't felt the need to do that or frankly seen the opportunity that we think it's going to generate the kind of return that we want. 
J. Doyle: Yes -- no, absolutely. I mean, the answer is we look at all those things. But it really comes down to a couple of things. One is what you mentioned and what I mentioned, which is the spike in the summer in commodities hurt the profits in kind of a near-term basis more than we had expected. We hadn't forecast the spike to be as big as it was. And in our franchisees, a rationale about making their investment decisions. And so when the near-term profit picture isn't as good, then they're going to slow down some of their investments. That did get better in the fourth quarter, which gives us some more confidence and commodities are so far staying pretty well under control in 2012. But the second part of it is -- and this goes back now really 4 years is, we decided to focus very hard on improving the overall performance of our system in a number of different ways, one of which was people who weren't operating their stores at the level that we felt that they needed to be operated at, were going to be asked to sell or, in some cases, moved out of the system directly. And that's resulted in something approaching 200 franchisees leaving the system over the course of the last 4 years. And the bulk of those stores, some of them closed back in '09 and '08, but the bulk of those stores have been purchased by the stronger, better franchisees. And again, being rational investors, there is a period of time where the best return they could get was to buy some underperforming stores from franchisees, who were leaving the system. As the system is performing better, those sorts of opportunities start to disappear, and people who want to grow are going to need to build new stores. So we've got a plan around it, we've got a new team working on it, but we think there are a couple of other things that have played into it. Certainly, our goal is to continue to grow the system going forward and certainly we hope to get back to that. 
J. Doyle: We've always  got some incentives out there and those have changed from time to time, but nothing we'll talk about today. 
J. Doyle: Yes, the broad answer is on the quarter-to-quarter basis, weather moves. While we've looked at them and kind of analyze the effect, they may hurt or help you in kind of a short-term basis. We've never seen big movements on a quarterly basis. And we do, do almost 40% of our orders now are carryout. So there's kind of some offsetting effect on the delivery versus the carry out. Net-net, in the very short term, 2 or 3 inches of snow was a good thing for the business. Big downpours of rain is pretty good for the delivery business. But on a quarterly basis, you're just not going to see that big a move from weather to really adjust -- to really change the numbers materially. 
J. Doyle: Yes. I mean, there are lots of them. I mean, as we look at variability in labor spends, variability in food spends, energy opportunities, there are just -- there are a lot of places. And we're doing a lot of work, we've got teams kind of around each of the initiatives. And some of that is kind of ongoing in nature, but we've got some very specific efforts that we're putting against some of those areas and we see some fairly meaningful opportunities. 
J. Doyle: Can't get in to talk about the first quarter. But my answer is what it's been in the past, which is employed people buy more pizza than unemployed people. And net-net, if the economy improves, that's probably a net positive for us. But I can't get into specifics around the first quarter. 
J. Doyle: No. I mean with the launch of Stuffed Cheesy Bread, we clearly were selling a few more sides in the fourth quarter. But otherwise, nothing notable. 
J. Doyle: Yes. I mean, the answer is we've only set a global outlook for store growth. So we haven't split that apart into international and domestic. All I'd say is similar to what I said in the past. It's certainly going to be overwhelmingly around the international side, but we would like to get back to some growth domestically, as well. And I think the financing market has gotten both marginally better but it's clearly better for larger franchisees that have potentially bigger needs and longer relationships with the financing companies, still pretty tough for the smaller players. 
J. Doyle: I guess, the only thing I'd add on it is the way we go through our budgeting process every year is the first thing we're always looking at is every opportunity to reinvest in the business that's going to generate a good return, and that's always going to be more interesting than other uses of free cash. But the net answer is if that gets us into kind of the range that we've been in. So it's not like we're kind of setting the number and then figuring out what's the best way to spend those dollars. The answer is we go out and look at every area that we could be investing into the business that would generate a good return. And after we've done that, then we start looking at other ways to distribute cash. 
J. Doyle: We definitely weren't down in the other markets. And so, no. I mean, overall there was pretty broad strength around the world. And so, no -- I mean, I mentioned Greece, obviously, because it's been getting a lot of press. But overall, the answer for the year was good and pretty broad strength. 
J. Doyle: I guess, all I can say is our goal is to get back to something at least modestly positive in 2012 on kind of net stores. And we think the environment is better than it was in 2011, barring big moves in commodities. But the fact is, if you look at the other side of the equation, which is kind of the availability of stores that are up for sale and/or weaker franchisees looking to move, those numbers have been going down, which means people who want to grow are going to need to look more at opening stores. 
J. Doyle: I'm getting a flag thrown on that question. I think the answer is all I can tell you is what I've said before, which is we look at what's going to generate the best returns. And until we've got this done, saying anything more than that is going to get me in trouble with our general counsel. 
J. Doyle: So I want to thank you again for your interest. It was a terrific year last year, and appreciate your participating in today's call. And I look forward to speaking with all of you when we conclude our recap. Thanks, everybody. 
Michael Lawton: Nothing different with the supply chains. There was certainly a little bit of a currency impact in there. 
Michael Lawton: Now we're about 25% locked on the basket for the rest of the year. The assumption on cheese is it will average a little bit lower than last year. And as you can see, if you look at the block price today, we are at the $1.47, $1.48, we've already seen the cheese price come down pretty significantly. We do expect meat prices will run a little higher than last year, but we think that'll be offset by the fact that cheese is expected to be lower. 
Michael Lawton: It's at trial price. The goal is to get people to try it and love it and then you get them to come back. So absolutely part of the plan. 
Michael Lawton: There's not a specific expectation on fuel built in the commodity. Obviously, as Patrick mentioned earlier, if fuel was to dramatically spike up at some point, we do think that passes through the commodities. So we're expecting that we're not going to see a huge jump in gas price build. 
Michael Lawton: We haven't. The majority of our stores are not on the call center. And most of our call center's really aimed at call overflow. So while it's important to us to provide good customer service and reduce the number of calls that are made to stores that ring too many times, this is not a key component to answering most of the order or taking most of the orders that go into our system. 
Michael Lawton: I think the long-term guidance is still right. I think you may be referring to the YZ credits and the higher acts, some of the labor credits that are out there. We certainly are trying to take advantage of those, primarily in our corporate stores, but we've provided long-term estimates because we think that those are probably the best thing to go with. 
Michael Lawton: We saw a continued number of downloads of the iPhone app as the year progressed, we got off to a good start and it just continued to grow. We expect that the Android has the potential to actually exceed the iPhone, given that there are more Android users out there. And so far we're getting very good customer reviews of the Android app. 
Michael Lawton: The first question, as far as where we'll spend the CapEx and you've got within technology, there are a number of areas that we continue to invest. We've done a lot with online ordering and with the iPhone and android, obviously. There's still a lot going on with the customer interface side that we can do to make it better. There are going to be more venues that we need to look at and investigate and potentially invest in. We're also doing funds to improve our proprietary point-of-sale system, this affects the store level. We have a great point-of-sale system, we think it gives us some competitive advantages. But there's still an opportunity to make that better than it is. As far as improvements on the commissary side, we have fairly large commissaries, we use 17 of them, supply the whole country. We're continually looking for technological advancements. We've made some over the years in different facilities as they're rebuilt, we'll continue to look for those opportunities. But I would not expect to see a particularly meaningful improvement in the margin as a result of those. 
