Ritch Allison: Sure, Brian. Thanks for the question. Listen, as we take a look at it, it really is -- it really is twofold as I described in my earlier remarks. As we take a look at the U.S. business, first, there is just a level of uncertainty in the near term around some of these competing delivery offers in the marketplace. We know that has an impact on the comp and therefore felt that we needed to adjust that range down a bit. We also -- as we look forward over the next couple of years, we are moving aggressively to continue our fortressing program and this is not just with our franchisees, but also in our corporate store book business, we believe in this so adamantly that we have -- as we look at the seven markets that we still play in with our corporate store business, we intend to fortress those seven markets completely within the next 3-year time horizon. And we know that will also create some drag on -- additional drag on the comp in the near term. So, it really is those two factors that led us to: A, restructure the timeframe around the comp; and then, B, to set the ranges at that 2% to 5%.
Ritch Allison: Yes. So, as we highlighted just a few weeks back, we’ve got some opportunities we believe to continue to not only reinforce value in the marketplace, but also to reinforce the Domino's Pizza service and the delivery expertise that we’ve been known for now, almost 60 years. So, in the near-term, it is staying focused on our $5.99 and $7.99 hero price points, aggressively continuing to push on service, working with our franchisees to make sure that we are providing great delivery service to our customers, and really putting our money where our mouth is on that as you see with our delivery insurance campaign that we have on TV now. We know that two of the main frustrations that consumers have around any delivery is the cost of it, and then also getting their food on time every time. And so, we're trying to make sure that we continue to address both of those. As it relates to the menu, we are talking now on air about variety with our crust types, but also we’ve got the team working very hard on menu innovation as well. And just as of last Friday, I tasted some more terrific products. I think we will have some great news coming out in 2020 that I think our customers will find exciting. And then broadly to the opening point of your question around the deals that are out there in the marketplace now, I think the restaurant companies have gotten smart and they’ve realized that aligning with one delivery partner probably doesn't make a lot of sense. If you go out there and get two or three of them, you can get them to beat each other up and give you a better deal, so not surprising to us at all that that’s that's happening in the marketplace. And then long term, we're not sure how sustainable some of those economics are for the third parties, which is part of what drives that near-term uncertainty around to 2- to 3-year outlook. So, we're going to continue obviously to keep a close eye on what's happening in the competitive environment, but to really stay focused on the things that we can do and that we can control to drive value and service for our customers.
Ritch Allison: Yes. So, what really drives unit development is the cash on cash return. For those new units, both the individual unit, but then also the overall cash on cash return for the cluster or the area of stores that impacts. And what we continue to see in the business is that we’ve got very strong cash on cash returns, and I talked a little bit earlier, we're going to put our money where our mouth is on this as well with respect to our corporate store business. We are getting terrific returns in our corporate stores, and therefore we’re going to push aggressively over the next three years to fortress the territories that we operate in there. And we're hearing the same from our franchisees. And the results around this it is not only the near-term financial returns that franchisees get, but it's also how this reinforces their relationships with their customers locally because of the great service that they provide. And I was just looking at some numbers this morning, one of the things that we’d love to do is, is give you over time some examples from around the business. We’ve talked to you about Seattle in the past, and we talked to you about what we were doing in Las Vegas. And we talked to you about Roanoke, Virginia, and some of the things we're doing there. I’m looking at our Dallas-Fort Worth DMA, and if you lived in Lewisville, Texas last week, where we’ve got three stores, the worst-performing store on delivery last week in Lewisville averaged 16.5 minutes average delivery time with zero deliveries over 45 minutes. So, when we go out there and fortress not only do we create great economics for our stores, our franchisees, and for the drivers that are delivering these pizzas, but also this is just an unmatched experience around customer service. So these are the kinds of things when our franchisees see this and when we see it with our corporate store business, it gives us more conviction that the right thing to do while we are playing in a position of great strength here with our unit economics is to go faster and to take advantage of this disruption in the marketplace.
Ritch Allison: Hey, Will, it's Ritch. We just launch those in September, so really in the fourth quarter, so we can't really comment on results from those initiatives yet. Certainly the advertising, we think is terrific. So we're optimistic about the programs, but no comments on the results today.
Ritch Allison: You know, Matthew, we don't talk -- Andrew, excuse me, we don’t talk about the current quarter. I will tell you that there's no real magic to the timing that it's not a reactive decision, it's a proactive decision to change the structure of the guidance all in an effort to make it more meaningful and relevant to our investors.
Ritch Allison: Alton, it's Ritch. No real major change in the level of competition that we see out there. Still a pretty heavy stream of advertising and discounting out there in the marketplace that we see, but no significant ramp up or down from prior.
Ritch Allison: Thanks, John. On your first question around the carryout business, absolutely we're getting terrific growth in the carryout business overall and then also on a same-store basis. When we look at the delivery business, the delivery business continues to grow overall. We had some pressure on the comps, but overall delivery sales are higher than they were a year-ago when we look at it in total across our system. But certainly a more rapid pace of growth in the carryout business. Then to your next question around the share of voice in the advertising, we are fortunate on two dimensions. One is to have a pretty hefty warchest for advertising. And second is, to have some really smart folks who run the analytics about how we spend that money on behalf of our franchisees on an ongoing basis. So we are constantly running our media mix models and tweaking the mix of spend both across channels, but also with respect to how that spend goes across the various messages that we are communicating, be that carryout or delivery for example. So it is a constant thing that we manage on a very active basis.
Ritch Allison: Katie, no real comments kind of intra-quarter on the cadence of things. We continue to actively manage the calendar against both of our businesses, the carryout and the delivery business, but no real, I guess highlights to callout based on the cadence within.
Ritch Allison: So we're constantly running programs to drive both with an all-out effort around traffic. So, we have certain things that will often bring new customers into Domino's. And one of the things that you see is that we run -- periodically we will run a 50% off delivery for a week or we will run a carryout special during the course of a week. Those are great vehicles to bring new customers into the Domino's brand. And then we’re also using this incredible database that we have of 23 million active members of our loyalty program and 85 million active customers in total. So we are constantly looking at ways that we can use the power of that data to help us reach out to customers that we've already acquired and identify ways to drive increased frequency. So the answer for us really is both. Our teams are constantly working on both of those levers to drive sales growth in the business.
Ritch Allison: Well, I -- Greg, I'll leave it to you all as the analyst to figure out the profitability of the third-parties, but I will just focus on our business. We’ve got a -- we got a terrific business model and that we take -- and I will try to describe it a little bit holistically and we will get into to kind of contextualize the delivery component. So we build these boxes. They cost about $350,000 or so on average to build. And then we run two businesses through those boxes that complement each other. We run a carryout business and we run a delivery business. Now the dynamics of those two businesses are different. But they complement each other in that they give us a really profitable pizza production engine that then allows us to offer delivery, and it is in any business, some of those delivery orders are going to be more profitable than others. A large ticket order that is 200 yards from the store is going to have phenomenal profitability. If we take a $15 order nine minutes away from the store where labor is $15 an hour, that's not going to be yet profitable at delivery. But because we're running so much volume through this box, both in the carryout channel and the delivery channel, it gives us an opportunity then to drive great economics for the franchisee in a way that also allows us to offer compelling value to the customer. And we just believe that, that captive system is a much more efficient business model, Then a business model that has a restaurant, which is separate from a third-party service that ultimately does the deliveries.
Ritch Allison: Yes. So Sara, on the first part of your question around what we're seeing in some of the international markets? The answer is that the issues are a little bit different depending on what market you happen to be in. I mean, we benefit broadly from having a really diversified portfolio of international markets. But at any given time, we always have some that are blowing the doors off in terms of sales growth and we -- and then we've got something that are a little bit challenged. Oftentimes, more often than not, when we are a little bit challenged, it does tend to come down to the value positioning in the marketplace. And in some of our international markets, we don't have as much capability in place around some of the analytics that we have here in the U.S. that really allow us to sort through the value maximizing price points out there in the market. So we've stood up over the course of the last year, the centers of excellence where we've now got some of our teams here that are working alongside some of our international franchisees. It just takes time for some of that to come through to gather the data, to do the analytics and to effect the change in some of those markets. So I'm optimistic, very optimistic, about the long-term success of that international business. As all of you probably know, it is quite near and dear to my heart having personally spent over seven years leading that business and having personally put my feet on the ground in more than 70 of the countries that we operate in around the globe. But I have a high level of optimism we have terrific master franchisees who are committed to growing their businesses. The second part of your question was around the third parties. Now in none of our international markets do we allow third parties to deliver our food. That's kind of first and foremost, and that is an unbending and unyielding position that we take because we feel so strongly, so strongly about the customer relationship and our ability to show up at the door with a Domino's uniform Delivery Expert. We also feel so strongly about the quality and the safety of that product as it goes from point A to point B. But on the front end, we do have some international markets that are working with third parties to generate orders. Now in some cases, there are structural differences in the market that lead us to that place. China is probably the best example of that where the third parties are quite dominant. And while our business is growing really rapidly right now, on a relative basis, we are still a pretty small player in China with -- approaching -- tracking toward 250 units. So that's still a pretty -- on a relative basis, we are still relatively small. So those third parties are an important source of order of growth. There are some other markets around the world where I think our master franchisees have done an effective job of partnering with the third parties. But we've also got some markets where, to be honest with you, we've been on those platforms for a little while, and we really don't see any meaningful growth in the business. So it is a constant thing that we are working with our master franchisees on. The benefit of having that diversified portfolio of markets is that we can look for lessons learned that we think might come back and be applicable to the U.S. And I can tell you that if I saw any lessons learned out there that, that I -- that would lead me to believe that we should be doing this in the U.S., then we would more actively consider it. But when I take the context of the fact that we've got a database of 85 million active users, a loyalty program of 23 million plus active users, terrific technology that we've spent many millions of dollars building over time, I feel like we are in a place where we are far better served to protect that data to not share that with third parties; and secondly, to protect the economics of our franchisees because while, as was discussed on the call earlier, certainly some of the more recent deals with the aggregators that they have -- with restaurant companies, certainly some of those deals have been more favorable. Let's talk about the deal that a Domino's Pizza franchisee gets when they pay $0.25 per order that we send to them, which is just north of a -- 1 percentage point of ticket. I think it would be hard-pressed to go out there and find third parties that were willing to send orders for just over 1%. So that's our perspective there.
Ritch Allison: Yes, David, thanks for the question. And we do take a look at both of those elements, the elements that we can control, and then obviously, there are elements out there in the marketplace that are happening around us. When we take a look at -- if I start with the second part of that, we do still believe that there's a good bit of uncertainty out there. As I mentioned earlier, we didn't see any significant change in the aggregator pressure in the third quarter versus the second quarter. But where we spend the vast majority of our time thinking about is the things that we can control. And so, when we take a look forward, I'm pretty excited about the programs that the team has developed as we go into 2020, which are going to continue to reinforce some of the things that are really important to us. Number one, we are going to stay focused on value as we always do. We've got some technology and some operational initiatives all around service and that is both for our delivery business, but also for this rapidly growing carryout business that we have. And I spoke first about value and about service because as we look at the consumer research out there, the two most things that we hear from customers that either delight them or that cause them not to be so happy about delivery coming from anybody are did they feel like they were charged a fair price; and secondly, did they get great service? So we're going to stay focused on those. Then third is -- and I mentioned this earlier on the call as well, we do have some innovation that I'm excited about on the food front as well. And yes, we haven't brought any new products forward in a while. And so I think some news there is also something that is due and I think will be exciting to our customers. So when I take a look at it all in, we believe that we've got factors under our control that can allow us to continue to grow our business from a same-store sales perspective, continue to get new stores on the map because the economics are great. And when you roll it all together to continue to grow our market share, which is over time as we think about how do we continue to establish this as the dominant pizza brand, but also a long-term taker of share in the marketplace, it really is about all of that rolled together.
Ritch Allison: Pete, really, nothing I can share with you on the call this morning about the timing or the items. Really, from a competitive standpoint, that's information that we would like to keep close to the vest.
Ritch Allison: Hey, John, thanks for the question. First, on the drivers. It's most certainly a tight labor market out there right now. I think the last statistic I saw was 3.5% unemployment in the U.S., which is as low as it's been in I don't know, maybe 50 years. So yes, it is a tight battle for talent out there and for drivers all over the country. And -- but the interesting thing is, when we go around, the franchisees that are really focused on their teams and investing in the growth and development of their teams. They are fully staffed is what I'm hearing out there in the marketplace. They're making it happen, and we're getting terrific delivery service. We're not doing that all over the country right now. We do have open positions for drivers in a lot of markets around the country where, frankly, we just -- we got to get better. We are seeing drivers, and as I travel around, I visited a lot of stores, I am hearing a lot of stories of drivers who are coming back to us from some of the gig economy opportunities that they may have left us to join and realized that maybe the grass isn't always greener there. And part of what we try to work with our teams on is to make sure that these drivers understand that there is an opportunity at Domino's Pizza that doesn't exist in a lot of these other areas. I mean we have 90% of our U.S. franchisees started as drivers, and we have our franchise management school that we run here in Ann Arbor, which is producing a new crop of franchisees that are coming into our system. We see the same story there. We see folks that started as drivers or insiders and worked their way up through. So the battle is ongoing, but our franchisees, I think, are up to the challenge. As it relates to service, we've recently put more of a focus on making sure that we manage any late orders because it's interesting, those are the orders that can really drive a negative perception in the minds of consumers. And so, we put a heightened focus on that here in 2019 and we're going to continue to do that going forward. So while I would not say that we're seeing any significant negative movements in service, it's not moving positive as fast as I would like it. It is where we are running our -- where we feel our fortressing stride, in certain markets we see some significant improvements, but it's not broad enough across the system right now for me to be satisfied.
Ritch Allison: Got it. So, yes, Stephen, we’re certainly continuing to invest. As Jeff said earlier, even with little tighter management around CapEx and expense, we are still fully funding all of the key technology initiatives that we have inside the company. Our next-generation point-of-sale system progressing along really nicely. I was in the lab myself where they handed me an order script and I was actually able to enter it in myself with no training. So not only are we building a more robust system, but which one -- but also one that will enable more rapid training of our team members, which I think is critical. We are still tracking toward getting that system in a pilot store by the end of this year. And then as we continue to work through our planning, we will have a -- what will be a multi-year rollout of the system. And when you think about it, this is a system that is present today in over 13,000 of our 16,000 plus stores around the globe. Second, you asked about supply chain technology. We’ve learned a lot in the year since we opened our center in Edison, New Jersey, where we employed really for the first time in the U.S. system some of these new technologies. We've learned a lot, and we are taking the best of that to the next two centers, which we will open in South Carolina and in Houston. So I'm personally excited about where this supply chain team is going in terms of making sure that we've got the capacity that we need to support the terrific growth of our franchisees.
Ritch Allison: Yes. Alex, it does continue to increase, but as you might guess, once you start getting up to more than two-thirds of your orders already on digital, that kind of year-on-year pace, it's hard to add 5 percentage points and 5 percentage points again and again. But we are pushing up close to 70% in the U.S. And it's interesting in some of our international markets as well, we see incredible numbers. China, over 90% of our delivery business is digital today. So continuing to see great movement there in the U.S. and across the globe.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Well, first off, within the pizza category, we're still gaining significant share inside the pizza category. And if you look in -- and that's in the U.S. and globally. 6% retail sales growth in the U.S. well outpaces the growth of the category. And the 9.1%, when you normalize for currency internationally, also well outpaces the category. And we're continuing to be, as we talked about earlier, aggressive in terms of fortressing the markets that we operate in. And we see so much pizza share out there still left to be taken that we are not going to slow down in that regard. And then in some of my comments, second part of your question was around some of the shakeout, certainly, we do see some pizza competitors that are experiencing more difficulty as evidenced by closures, particularly when we look in some of the higher labor cost markets around the U.S. One of the things that really helps our business model is that we run at a volume that significantly exceeds most of the competition on a per unit level. And as these labor costs rise over time, if you're not running a high-volume business in QSR pizza, it gets more and more difficult to compete. It also gets more and more difficult to compete in a pizza delivery business if you're not shrinking down the radius of your territory for delivery because that is the key -- that wage rate is the key driver. And you really have to improve over time the number of deliveries per driver per hour that you can get. So we look at an industry that's under pressure from labor costs that -- an industry that is transitioning volume from dining in to delivery without any increase that we can see in terms of overall growth in the restaurant industry. So a lot of restaurant companies are trading orders from a more profitable to a less profitable channel, while wage rates are going up. So that is why when we talk about a shakeout to come, this is not an industry that starts with 40% profit margins typically. So there is not a lot of room for some of these players to seed margin to a third-party on one end, while labor costs are going up on the other.
Ritch Allison: I think there are quite a few things that we can do over time to take more advantage of this incredible asset that we have, which is this database of customer information that we have. And we've challenged our teams here to think about how can we get closer and closer to those customers. So how do we -- I guess the ultimate thing that everybody strives for is people use the term one-on-one marketing. Well, we've still got a long way to go between where we are today and that point over time. So it's something we think about quite regularly. And with the data that we have that gives us a chance to really look at how customers' purchasing behavior evolves over their life cycle with Domino's, we've got an asset here that I think can help us in the months and years to come.
Ritch Allison: Hi, Jon. It's tough to really assess. We look at it hard, as you might guess. What we don't know yet, however, is how will the behavior evolve for customers that are now placing some number of orders through the third parties. As the full cost is -- or at least some measure of the cost is borne by the customer over time, what will ultimately happen to their behavior? We don't know the answer to that yet. But what we do know is, we know a whole lot about the elasticity of demand in the pizza category. We've got -- with 6,000 units around the U.S. and with franchisees around the U.S. who have the ability to set their own prices for delivery charges and their own menu prices, we have a pretty darn good idea about what the elasticity curves look like in the pizza category. Now we've -- and we know that pizza and we believe QSR more broadly is a pretty elastic category. So what we expect over time is that there will be some equilibrium. Once the cost to get food delivered to you has to fully support the effort that it takes to get it there, will -- only then will we know ultimately where this thing falls. But I do not expect the same number of customers to use third-party delivery once they have to pay for it as the number as that use it when it's free. If you offer to mow my lawn for free, I'm going to say, yes. When you come and charge me for it, I might just go out there and push the mower around myself.
Jeff Lawrence: Hey, Matt, it's Jeff. I appreciate the question. The first thing we would say is, on a store by store basis, franchisees are going to make order of magnitude more than anybody else in the QS pizza industry in the United States, we know that for sure. We still got three months ago, so there's a lot of pizza to be sold and lot of money to be made. But there's still going to be from a great position of strength and from an enterprise perspective, as Ritch mentioned, approaching about a $1 million of operating cash flow per independent franchise partners. So great strength, great cash available to reinvest in the brand and we’ve seen that. So, again, whether that comes in ultimately, and we will update you on that exact number early in 2020 once we actually get it. Whether that comes in a $1,000 or $2,000 higher or lower, doesn’t fundamentally change the way their approach in the business as far as running the business and investing in the business. As it relates to G&A on our side, during my prepared remarks, you will note that we brought in our -- both our capital expenditure, 2019 guide as well as our G&A 2019 guide. So as we’ve done in the past, we expect to give you a new view of that for 2020 -- in 2020 once we’ve been able to roll up all the plan. But I think what that shows is we’re always looking to be disciplined and prioritize the investment that we know it's going to take to really take advantage of our number one position and really get to that dominant number one. The last thing I'll say is, I can tell you that even though we brought in the 2019 CapEx and G&A guides slightly down, which we think is a good thing, I can tell you that all of the important projects and investments that we know, we need to make around technology, around image, around product development, all of those things are still getting done and done again from a position of strength. So still investing front footed, but we're doing in a little bit tighter recognizing the current system. But we're not leaving anything on the table. We are going to make sure we invest in everything we need to get to a dominant number one and we feel great about that, our franchisees do as well.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. I mean, we will give you a 2020 guide, when we get into 2020 on G&A and CapEx as we’ve always done. But the $19 guide changes are just a result of running at little bit more disciplined, little bit more prioritized. But the important part there isn't the $19 versus $20 thing. The important part is we're investing in all the things we need to do is to get the dominant number one.
Jeff Lawrence: Hey, Dennis, appreciate the question. This is Jeff. First thing on the ticket for the U.S. business in the quarter, certainly, some franchisees on balance taking some menu price, also some delivery fee there. They use the data that we work with them obviously to try to make a good decision there and as we mentioned it a couple of times today, when you have 85 million active customers in your database, you have a lot to work with when you try to tackle the real thorny issue of pricing in every neighborhood. Always trying to also sell more food, obviously, more mix. I think as Ritch mentioned earlier, with cross variety that we're talking about, we've done the more than pizza television ad mostly during Q3, which really highlights the broad menu for our pizza company, always trying to get additional food in the ticket as well. Having talked about ticket, doesn't change our primary focus, which is the hard stuffed. It is a little bit harder right now, given the dynamism in the industry that especially around the delivery business, traffic is a little harder to get than it was two or three or four years ago, but we remain focused on driving traffic we think we will get back to that spot. But right now, you're seeing a little bit more ticket during the third quarter than traffic, but doesn't change the overall philosophy of what we're trying to chase.
