Ritch Allison: Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. First, this morning, I'd like to welcome Stu Levy to the call. This will be Stu's first earnings call as our new CFO. As all of you know, Jeff Lawrence announced his retirement from Domino's on our Q2 call. And while we will miss Jeff and we wish him well, we're excited to welcome Stu, as our new CFO. Stu brings a very successful operational track record and a strong connection to the Domino's culture, having led our supply chain division since January of 2019. Under Stu's leadership, we have significantly improved the operational and financial performance of our supply chain business. Stu also has deep experience in strategy and planning from his work at Republic Services and at Bain & Company. Stu is supported here at Domino's by a very talented and experienced group of finance professionals. I know all of you will enjoy working with Stu and his team in the months and years ahead. Now before I turn the call over to Stu, I do want to take a moment this morning to express a very well deserved thank you, and that's first to our customers for continuing to give us and our franchisees the privilege to serve you around the world. To our franchisees and operators, I want to thank you for your continued energy, hustle and for the passion you have for this brand, for your teams, and for your customers. And finally to our corporate teams, for your incredible efforts in support of the brand, our customers, our franchisees and our many operators around the world. In the face of this unprecedented pandemic, you have all continued to lead with our values first. And I am extremely proud to serve you as your CEO. So with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Stu for his remarks on the third quarter. And then I'll come back to share my thoughts on the quarter, and more broadly on the Domino's business around the world. Stu, over to you.
Ritch Allison: Hey, Brian. Good morning. I'll start with your question around the U.S. store side and the flow through. As Stu outlined in his discussion earlier, we did see some significant costs in the quarter related to operating in the pandemic. And that relates to frontline, hourly compensation, team member, enhanced sick pay benefits, protective equipment, cleaning supplies, et cetera, that are just a reality of operating in a pandemic environment. The position that we've taken there is that we are going to focus on serving our customers, taking care of this demand that's been presented to us in the face of COVID, and also very much on supporting our team members and taking care of our team members in the store. If we do those two things, then we believe that we position ourselves for the long-term to continue to accelerate growth in the business on the back of this unprecedented short-term boost in demand. As long as we're operating in a pandemic environment, I do expect to see at elevated level of operating costs in the stores. But we don't see structural changes in the business over the long-term. It's simply the reality of operating in a pandemic environment. And the second part of your question around G&A, I'll let Stu comment on that.
Ritch Allison: Yes, great question. And, yes, we've been very pleased to see the resiliency in that international business. And as you know, we had about 2,400 temporary closures back about six months ago. And as the teams have worked very hard to get those stores reopened, they've also taken a look and assessed, are there stores in the portfolio that are structurally challenged in the near-term and the long-term. And I applaud the team in India for taking the necessary steps to go ahead and take some of those closures and we were supportive of that. As I look broadly across the business, we still have a great deal of optimism around the medium and long-term growth potential in international. But as we look out across the near-term, I do expect to see some continued choppiness, as it relates to getting stores open due to construction and permitting delays. And then also we expect to see a few more closures as the markets reassess their portfolios, and make sure that we're focusing resources going forward on the stores that are going to drive growth.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Hi, Sara, thanks for the question. As Stu outlined in his remarks, we had during the quarter about $11 million in costs that were associated with this COVID-related operating environment. And as you think about how to look at that going forward, as long as we're operating in a pandemic environment, we're going to continue to see some elevated costs around safety and cleaning equipment, enhanced sick pay. And then also during the pandemic, we've continued to make sure that we are taking care of our frontline team members with some enhanced compensation as well. And so as long as we're operating in a pandemic environment, we expect to see that also. Now, over the long-term, certainly we will continue to take a look at the overall value proposition for our frontline team members, and that certainly evolved over time, some of it driven by minimum wage increases across the country and changes such as that. But also with us taking a look at the value proposition that we offer our team members and making sure that we are employer of choice going forward. So, you'll certainly see post pandemic, some of these costs pare back. And then what we'll do as a management team is we'll focus then from there on continuing to make sure that this is a great place to work for our team members, and that our team members are appropriately rewarded for their efforts.
Ritch Allison: Yes, sure. Chris, it's interesting, and if I look across, if I look across the U.S. business, and where we've had kind of differential levels of performance, it's interesting. As you know, our brand tends to be less urban focused than a lot of other brands. We've got higher concentrations of our stores, and rural and second city type of markets. And certainly, those markets have performed better than the urban and suburban markets have over time. So, we saw throughout the third quarter. We saw that in the second quarter as well. That dynamic continued to persist. And then some of the other dynamics that we've talked about in the past also continue. We continue to see a higher ticket, in both our delivery and our carryout businesses. And I'm really pleased that that higher ticket was not coming from price increases. Price increases around food and delivery charges have been really moderate and in line with inflation, over the course of the third quarter. But really, what we've seen is that continued increase and we've continued to see that increase in basket size. And then the other dynamic around the ticket, overall is just a higher mix of delivery orders relative to carryout orders in the business. And delivery just by its very nature comes with a higher ticket, and with that delivery, albeit modest that delivery charge still added to the ticket. So that's a little bit about the dynamics and what we've seen across the course of the quarter.
Ritch Allison: Yes. So, hi, Lauren. We won't comment on any quarter-to-date trends this morning. But most certainly we are glad to see televised sports back. It certainly creates occasions for people to gather and when people have occasions together, they love ordering Domino's Pizza. And so, I'm certainly happy to see that coming back. And as you know, for us, it's less about, fans being able to sit in the seats than it is about, the sports being on TV and folks being able to gather and watch it. So, without the ability really, at this point to parse out, any results based on that I can tell you that we certainly view it as favorable relative to not having those sports on television for us.
Ritch Allison: No. But what I can tell you is, we had strong growth throughout the quarter, but I won't comment on period by period specifics.
Ritch Allison: Hey, Pete. Thanks for the question. We certainly saw -- as the pandemic hit, we saw a pickup in loyalty enrollments at the beginning of the pandemic. And that leveled off some during the third quarter. But interestingly also we saw fewer folks who were exiting or becoming inactive in the loyalty program over time. So the overall number of customers in our piece of the pie rewards program continued to increase. And then as we took a look at what was happening with our heavy and medium and light users, we were also pleased to see over the course of the quarter, that customers in each of those buckets were ordering from us more often. And the ticket was higher also in each of those buckets. And that occurred in the third quarter, despite the fact that we didn't run any boost weeks in the third quarter of 2020. And that compares to running two of them of our 50% off promotions back in the third quarter of 2019.
Ritch Allison: Sure, John. First, on the service piece, most definitely at the beginning of the pandemic, when volumes in our business jumped up significantly, we definitely slipped a little bit on our estimated average delivery times. We have since, thanks to the great work of our franchisees and operators over the second and third quarter. We've improved our service and gotten back to where we are as good or better than we were pre-pandemic, which is pretty significant when you think about the overall increase in the business that we've seen, and the fact that we deliver our own food. So we're making sure that we've got trained and uniformed delivery experts bringing that product to the customer. I suspect that, as long as I'm the CEO of this company, you will always hear me talk about wanting to improve service at Domino's, because, until we're getting to a place where we're delivering pizzas and not 30 minutes, not 25 minutes, but 20 minutes or less, I'll never be satisfied with where we are on service. So, we're always going to be a work-in-progress there. Second part of your question around new products. I'm very pleased with the new products we've launched. Our wings, and our two new specialty pieces have been very well received by our customers. You haven't seen us promote wings, because we're selling all the wings that we can get our hands on today. So very, very positive performance on the wings business. And then, we've launched specialty pizzas obviously just within the last couple of weeks of the third quarter. But, those specialty pizzas are already at the top end in terms of mix of our specialty pizza range. So very pleased with where we are today, and also really pleased -- and I think you asked a great question. These do not add operational complexity within our stores. In fact, the wings actually reduced operational complexity in the store, given how we package it. And each of the two specialty pizzas required only one incremental ingredient that we didn't have on the make line already.
Ritch Allison: Sure, David. It really does relate to the pace of openings, much, much more so than concern about closures going forward. Now, hitting the closures first, we've certainly seen a higher number of closures in 2020 relative to normal in our international business, but I expect that we will work through those over the short-term. So the real issue around the pace to getting to 25,000 is just the pace of the gross openings, which slowed during 2020 given some of the similar construction and permitting challenges that we've seen in markets all over the world. But also for those countries that had temporary closures, the effort has really been directed in the short-term on getting those stores reopened, and ramping them back up to their full run rate. So, I'm optimistic over the medium to long-term, that we'll get back to the very strong pace of unit growth that we had in the international business. It's just that the step back that we've had to take in 2020, does cause us to take a look and reassess the timing of that 25,000 milestone. Not the milestone but just the timing of reaching it.
Ritch Allison: No, I wouldn't take it that way, David. And if I break it down a little bit, first of all, starting on the U.S. side of the business, I see a heck of a lot of opportunity to accelerate our unit growth on the U.S. side of the business, where while we've been in a difficult operating environment, if you look at our trailing four quarter net unit openings in the U.S., it's still very strong and consistent with where we were a year ago. The international business, when you take a look at that, you really have to break it down, because if you talk about it, just in total, you lose some of the nuances evident. And we have multiple markets in international that in fact have maintained pace and are accelerating on unit growth is just when you take into account some of those countries that had to take a step back with respect to temporary closures, I just expect it to take a bit more time to ramp back up in those markets. But all around the world, our teams are taking a look at the real estate opportunities that are presented to us by the fact that there are quite a few other restaurant and retail businesses that are closing out. They're certainly at a much higher rate than we see inside our own business.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Dennis. Well, we've had -- if you look, if you break our business down, and I talk about it a lot in terms of the two businesses that we run inside each of our boxes, which is one is a delivery business, and the other is a carryout business. If we take a look at our delivery business, what we've seen is a nice tailwind in customer acquisition, but also, just as important and in a lot of cases more so, our retention of customers and order frequency has also increased as well in the delivery business. And then if we look at the carryout business, the story is a little bit different. We've not seen the tailwind on customer acquisition in carryout, and that's not surprising, as customers stayed in their homes much more often during the pandemic, but what we've seen is increase in retention and in the frequency of orders of on the carryout side for our customers. Now, one of the reasons that we have rolled out our Domino's Carside Delivery, frankly, a lot earlier than we had originally planned to was so that we could get out there and you've seen us on TV talking to customers about a very safe and convenient way to come and get carryout at Domino's. And the early results that we've seen in Carside Delivery in the third quarter have been very positive in terms of the customer receptivity to that service method.
Ritch Allison: Hey, thanks, Chris. The $5.99 platform continued in the quarter to be an incredibly important statement of value and driver of the business. And in fact, it was more important in Q3 than probably any time, because we didn't run any boost week promotions during the third quarter. So very important in terms of customer acquisition. And we're always kind of taking a look at and thinking about how can we enhance that value platform. And as you've seen with the launch of our two new specialty pizzas, we took a look at how those could integrate into that value platform. And the customer research that we did, gave us a high level of confidence that we could offer those pizzas at a $3 upsell to the $5.99, which gives great value to the customer and also really a nice margin opportunity for our stores as well. Those pizzas -- and you'll also see them on our -- if you go on our homepage at $11.99 for a large, which again our research tells us is a great value for those high-quality specialty pizzas, and also gives our operators a terrific opportunity for a very profitable offering. And then if I shift gears on the carryout value proposition, the $7.99, you saw us bring our wings to that platform at $7.99 for carryout as well, which you can now get wings along with all of our crust types, three topping pizza across all of our crust types in that $5.99 platform. When I think about what's happening with the consumer right now, and looking forward with this recession that we are sitting in today, and the fact that there has been no incremental stimulus brought to the consumer, I look forward and believe that our value platforms and sticking to those platforms will only be more important, as we look out into the months and quarters ahead.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Brett. We are very pleased with the rollout and adoption of these technology platforms. And actually it's an interesting kind of pivot for us, and how we're thinking about innovation at Domino's. So, much of the innovation -- if you think back to 2010 and forward when we were driving rapid increases and digital adoption in our business, much of the innovation was around the ordering platforms and what we put in the hands of customers. We're still doing that, but we've also significantly ramped up our efforts around technology innovation to support the operations of our stores. And that's where you get to GPS, you get to our enhanced make line tools, you get to our Carside Delivery. Certainly they have customer benefits, but they've got frankly benefits to our operators that I'm even more excited about than the customer facing aspects there. And as we think about that innovation pipeline going forward, a good bit of what we're going to be focused on is innovation that does make our stores at the incredible volumes, that we're managing today that makes our stores easier to run for our operators and our store managers. They're resulting in a better quality of life for them, but also ultimately a better service experience for our customers.
Ritch Allison: Great. Hi, John. Yes, on the delivery fees, we look at this as a competitive advantage for us going forward. When we think about the relatively low and transparent delivery fee that we charge our customers versus what you're seeing with the aggregators, this really is a key part of our value proposition for our customers. And all of us have ordered third party delivery and most of the time is really hard to figure out what you're being charged, because you might be getting a free delivery. But then you go in and you see a line that says, taxes and fees. And then if you're industrious enough to click on the little question mark, you figure out that it's not just taxes to the government, but you're also being charged a service fee. And for those of us that have been in the delivery business forever, we don't know what the service fee is if it's not paying for having the delivery brought to you. So, I think it's an area that we've got to continue to be out there and educating our customers around the fact that, this is that we're a transparent brand. And if we tell you the delivery is $3.49, we're not going to be lump in on any additional fees there. Certainly our delivery fees do vary market by market based on labor rates. We operate in places, where we've got $7.25 an hour labor in places where we have $15 plus. So we do adjust those fees, our franchisees adjust those fees up and down. But transparency is going to continue to be a big part of how we present ourselves to our customers. The second part of your question around the competitive intensity, I would say, John, it's every bidders intense as it was in the second quarter and as it was in the first quarter, in particular with the third party aggregators continue to be very aggressive in the offers that they have out in the marketplace and in their advertising. And when we take a look at our competitive set in pizza delivery, it's a different game than the game that we were playing five years ago. The number one competitor we look at is not any of the pure play pizza players, but it really is competing against delivery from the third party aggregators.
Ritch Allison: Jeff, thanks for the question. Most certainly, we're very focused on driving dollar profitability at the store level. We talk about that all the time and we've been fairly transparent about it over time as well. So in our corporate store business and then also as we work with our franchisees, we're absolutely looking at ways that we can more efficiently operate our businesses, coming out of COVID. Some of the store technology tools that I talked about earlier, are a part of that. I'll take GPS for example. By utilizing the GPS technology inside our stores, our store managers know exactly where the drivers are at any given time. And that allows us to get more efficient in how we do our routing, how we pre-bag and get the orders ready to go once the delivery driver returns. And also in cases of our best run stores today, our drivers aren't even coming at the rush back into the stores, our operators, because they know that drivers are coming back or running those pizzas out to the cars, handing them into the drivers and saving a minute, maybe two minutes on the turn, which ultimately results in better service and better labor that you run in the stores. We're also working on some advanced forecasting and labor scheduling tools in our corporate stores, where the early results of our pilots and test there have been very positive, to help us to get better on service while reducing the labor costs associated with that service. All of that gets thrown into a little bit of disarray as we talked about earlier in a pandemic, when you've got all of these additional costs that are layered on to the business, but as we look forward coming out of COVID, our expectation is that we will continue to drive efficiency and therefore, higher levels of EBITDA and operating cash flow in the stores.
Ritch Allison: Thanks, Jon. So, first on support with our international master franchisees. We've had several of our international markets that were disproportionately hit by COVID, and had to have either a whole or a substantially partial shutdown. And in those cases, we have a very long-term view on the partnership that we have with these international master franchisees. And so, there have been some instances where we have leaned in with royalty and fee relief, for some of our international franchisees, because it's just the right thing to do in the short-term for our partners that are around with us for decades, over the long-term. Second part of your question, delivery and carryout mix. Certainly, we've seen in terms of order mix, delivery in the third quarter was certainly a higher percentage by a couple percentage points of our order mix versus what we were running pre-pandemic. And certainly, delivery orders bring with them on a per order basis, higher dollar labor costs, but those are also associated with higher ticket as well and also the delivery fee that comes along with it. And then finally to your question on curb side. The terrific thing about our Carside Delivery is, we've been able to handle that business really without any significant increase in labor costs, at the store level. Ultimately, somebody when a customer walks into the store is going back to the rack and grabbing that pizza and greeting the customer and handing it to him. Well, with this technology, we know when the customer pulls into the parking lot, a team member can get out and back into the store very quickly and we're not using incremental labor to do that.
Ritch Allison: Sure. We certainly look at 2021 and forward as an opportunity to continue to gain share in the pizza category. And I'll preface it by saying, none of us want to see independent pizza restaurants close due to the pandemic. We'd love to compete and fight it out every day, but we also love to go out and eat at independent restaurants as well. And I feel for the challenges that a lot of these independent restaurants are going through and their proprietors that have put their livelihoods into those businesses. But the reality is, if you were operating an independent pizza restaurant with a significant amount of your business dine in, and if you were relying on beverage mix and alcohol to bring a good bit of margin to your business. If that business has now been shifted to where you have to do most of it off-prem and if most of that has to come by paying very high fees to third party aggregators, it's just a really difficult operating environment. And I know all of you see a lot of the same industry analysts and prognosticators who predict the percentage of independent restaurants that may not reopen or may close permanently. We don't know where that ultimately lands, but I do believe that the shakeout and the turmoil is going to create opportunity for us to further take share and continue to grow. Our teams, both our corporate store team, and our franchisees are out there every day, looking for real estate opportunities that are opening up as a result of the pandemic, and also, in some cases, opportunities where we've shifted in some cities and towns from a more sort of landlord-friendly rental environment for it to more of a renter-friendly rental environment, an opportunity for us to get potentially some more favorable terms on leases going forward as well for some of the stores that we continue to operate.
Ritch Allison: Sure, James. It's still really early on in terms of cities and states reopening. And given the purchased frequency and cycle in our business, it's still early for us to draw any observations from cities that may have flipped from 25% capacity to 50% capacity over the course of the last month or two. So what I'll do is I'll step back a little bit, just kind of give a perspective a little bit more broadly. And, I think some things that have happened here during the pandemic have really been the acceleration of some trends that were in place already. So when we think about how customers want to order food. There was a trend toward digital ordering pre-pandemic, and that significantly accelerated during the pandemic. I don't expect customers to go back to calling on the phone, I expect digital ordering to continue to grow post-pandemic. And I feel that we are very well-positioned in that space today with 75% of our sales in the U.S. digital as we sit here today. I also think that the trend around off-premise consumption, which was their pre-pandemic has accelerated during the pandemic. And I don't think we're going to see an immediate snap back. Certainly people are going to go or some people are going to want to go and sit down in a restaurant again. And I'm one of those people for sure. But I think we're going to continue to see a movement in the QSR space toward off-prem consumption. And I think our business with the strength and delivery and in carryout, I believe also positions us very well for that trend to continue going forward. So what we're trying to stay focused on here is, taking the opportunity that we've been given through customer acquisition during COVID, and to convert those customers into long-term loyal customers of Domino's Pizza. So far, the early results in that have been very positive. As I mentioned earlier, our retention is up, our frequency is up across medium, heavy and even light users. And really, the challenge for me and my team ahead and for our franchisees and operators is, we've got to continue to do a great job serving those customers and we believe they'll continue to come back to us going forward. And honestly, given the share that we have in the restaurant industry today, even as the number one player, we've got so much room for upside and share growth within a growing category that I'm far less concerned about the reopening of sit down restaurants than I am about us doing a great job on execution every day.
Ritch Allison: Thanks, Jared. China really has been a terrific success story in 2020, while we've had some slowdown in some of our markets around the world, China is definitely not one of them. Sales growth and unit growth have been very strong in China this year. We've got a terrific management team over there in place with our master franchisee, Dash. And we've got a lot of optimism around the future growth of our business in China. China also back at the beginning of the year when the pandemic obviously hit China first, China really was -- our leaders over there really were the architects of a lot of the contactless service methods that we're using in the U.S. and around the world. So not only have they delivered great results, but they've also stepped up to be thought leaders in our business. And, as I look forward on China, I expect that there will be a point in the future where China will be the second largest Domino's Pizza business in the world behind the U.S.
Ritch Allison: Thank you. And thanks to everybody, for joining us on the call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again on November 12th, when we host our virtual investor Q&A event. So we hope we'll get a chance to talk to all of you in just a month's time. And then, of course, in February, we'll get back together to discuss our fourth quarter and our full year 2020 results. And until then, I hope all of you stay safe and healthy and we'll talk to you again next month.
Stu Levy: Yes. And actually, before I do that, let me add just a little bit more color on the margin. And this is detailed a little bit more in the Q. But, relative to Q2, the food basket for us was up significantly in Q3. And that's been an effect that we've seen, just volatility in the commodity markets during the pandemic. So, in Q2, the basket decreased year-over-year 1.2%. Q3, it was up 3.8%. And if you break that down a little bit, cheese, which is obviously a huge input for us, was at an all-time low in Q2, and it's been at all-time highs in Q3. And we've seen similar volatility across a lot of other commodities. So that obviously puts a headwind on the business both in terms of store operations and our supply chain business. On the G&A side, the largest driver there is higher variable performance-based compensation, but the other driving force here is a 53rd week, which obviously drives increased G&A year-over-year, so that it's something we get once every handful of years, but we happen to have it this year in the middle of a pandemic. So it adds a little bit of additional complexity there.
Stu Levy: Sure, no problem. I appreciate the question. Yes, for us, we're always going to look at what the right way to deploy our cash is, whether -- and how to return that to our shareholders where it's appropriate. I think earlier in COVID with the uncertainty, as a lot of companies did, we wanted to preserve cash and figure out until we kind of had a better understanding of how things looked like they were going to play out. And obviously, now we've got better visibility and we'll continue to evaluate the best ways to deploy that cash to the business or how to return that to our shareholders.
Stu Levy: And just to add to that though, the one thing we won't do is reduce the quality of what we're providing as a way to cut costs. You mentioned, thinking about the menu, as we launched new wings, that was to improve the quality of the product that we were providing, not because we thought we could take a little money out of the cost of the ingredients.
Stu Levy: The other thing that I would add is, our development team is working pretty rigorously with our franchisees going through a ton of analysis and pretty detailed modeling and determining where we actually want to be opening those stores. And that's got to be -- for the long-term value of the business that has to be the priority. And if where we want to be there are real estate opportunities that gets evaluated the same way we would look at, do we build something freestanding. Do we take existing real estate? Do we take advantage of a business that may have been less fortunate, et cetera? But it starts with where we want to be, and then shifts to what are the real estate opportunities there.
Stu Levy: Yes, thanks for the questions. I like the extension part that you did there that was effective. The pressure in supply chain, and first of all, let me just comment, you mentioned the center openings. So we obviously opened the new center in Q2. We have a new center that we intend to open in Texas in Q4. We also added capacity to our thin crust production in Q3. And that for us is an investment we're more than happy to make, because that means we're continuing to grow and we need that capacity. On the margin side, it's an interesting dynamic, because what we're trying to do is provide the best value for our franchisees. If they can grow profitably, we as a company are going to benefit from that. So we're not trying to take advantage. Generally speaking, when we drive operating efficiencies or other improvements in the business, we're trying to share that with our franchisees so that they aren't negatively impacted. During the course of COVID we saw a couple of things, one of which was the high increase in commodities. And what we were attempting to do with our franchisees again with sharing a little bit of that pain. So we were passing through commodity increase, but not taking additional margin on it. So as the food basket goes up, the margin percentage comes down. So we're generating more margin dollars, but at a lower percentage so that savings can be passed along to the franchisee base. So that was one piece of it. The second thing that we did was all of the additional supplies that were related to COVID, we were basically passing through to our franchisees at cost. We didn't feel we should be layering on additional costs for them, again, trying to make sure we can drive profitability to the stores, and then in turn, that helps the system overall. So, are there other efficiency opportunities? Yes, it's impossible to run a supply chain the size of ours and not always have other opportunities for efficiency. And that's what our team works at every single day is how do we get more efficient, remain safe, be more efficient and more effective in delivering for our franchisees.
