Russell Weiner: Hi, Brian. I'll answer your first question. On the share trends on those we rely on NPD information. And there's been so many switches from sit-down to -- when that sit-down was closed people would get delivery. Now sit-down was open again, and so there's a lot of moving parts kind of up and down. When we look at kind of the total Delco delivery carryout share performance for us, we've held our own and actually moved up significantly on the carryout side.  I suspect a lot of people have the same question you did on the second -- on your second question so I'm going to take a little bit more time answering that if that's okay. And I wanted to start with a little perspective. And I just got back from over the last month a listening tour where I visited with 155 of our US franchisees over the last month. And what I can tell you that I heard was the only person more disappointed than the customer who can't order Domino's is the franchisee who owns that store and can't serve that customer. We take so much pride our franchisees take so much pride. When I started Domino's in 2008 and I -- there's a motto that's thrown around and I hold it close to my heart because it describes our franchisees, which is we are the last to close and the first to open. And so the fact and Ritch talked to this in his comments earlier the fact that we were closed almost six days, is not something that our franchisees or us that's not part of our DNA. And Omicron is behind us now. And I can tell you through these visits they are ready to get after it. And so the question really is, with that what are we going to do to if the energy is there kind of what are we going to do to address that capacity? And I'll give you some -- maybe some quantitative information and then a couple of facts along the way. First, what we've seen every period during Q1, is an improvement in our delivery service. And in fact, we ended the quarter with 2,700 stores a little bit more than that with delivery service better this year than it was same time last year. And like I said it continued to improve every period. We're going to return to our store hours the core store hours. There were times at which a store had to decide hey do I let my staff go home it's been a long day or not. And we are proud that they made the right decisions in that case. But again we're in a different situation now. And our franchisees and us feel like we can make that return to core store hours in all of our stores. Next we need to free up capacity. Obviously, bringing in new team members is one thing. But if phone calls are one of the things that maybe gets second fiddle if a store is busy now moving and getting capacity for 3,000-plus doors and the number can increase to take those phone orders that's going to take work out of the store where they can focus on making the pizza and delivering the pizza. And lastly, we haven't done boost weeks in a couple of years. And boost weeks really is what drives new customers into Domino's. And that's where the magic happens with our loyalty program and all our digital and analytical capability. And so when you think about all I went through hopefully, you understand why I'm bullish on this. I'm bullish, but I think we also have to be realistic. And that's why Rich talked about the last call, I talked about this call, we are undergoing a full assessment of the driver and delivery landscape both today and into the future. We do think a lot of the answers for some of the headwinds that you mentioned before and how we're going to overcome them hey we're seeing them in our top quintile stores, right? So a lot of stores are actually doing that. And our goal my job is to help everyone move to that top quintile. But our job as well is to make sure that anyone who wants a Domino's Pizza gets a Domino's Pizza. And so while we continue to look internally for best practices, I will tell you nothing is off the table, when we look at – when we think about long term, and getting folks who want Domino's their delivery order.
Russell Weiner: Sure, David. I think a couple of things. One is it's not just my confidence. We and our franchisees are aligned on bringing back boost weeks this summer. And so that means the entire Domino's system is confident we'll be where we need to be. We're not going to be perfect, but we're going to try. And that's been our history, right? Last to close first to open. How I'll address the quintile piece is maybe – a better way to think about it maybe is what have we learned that the top quintiles do that we can help inform the bottom quintiles to move up? And what's really interesting to me is only one of those learning's to me is something that's out of your control. So in general, if you're an urban store, it's a little bit harder to staff than, if you're a suburban store. But as I take you through some of these other points, I think what you'll realize is these are things that are well within folks control. And we just help – need to help lead and inform our franchisees. So I'll take you through with some of them differences again top quintile versus bottom quintile. They're going to have more drivers on the road, right? Their drivers are going to spend more time on the road less time in stores doing things other than driving. They process their new hires more quickly, right? They are in markets that are more fortressed. We've been talking about fortressing forever and how important fortressing is from a delivery standpoint but also how incremental it is from a carryout standpoint. I think the results here show that us and our franchisees, we're really happy we started fortressing because that's a big difference in the quintile analysis. Higher a list is another one. The last one and this is really important one of the biggest drivers of quintile performance is the strength and the tenure of the general manager. And so when I think about the things that are within our control all but one of those things are and we can get after that.
Russell Weiner: Thanks Peter. From a payer perspective -- obviously, I can talk to our corporate stores. Over the last three years, we spent -- we've increased wages well over $30 million. So I don't think, it's pay. I think it's a real holistic view. As I said earlier that general manager is a big piece of it. And so you want to make sure the store around them is as stable as possible. I think the way we look at hiring is really a chain from start to finish. And so, if you think about what we did this year that we really haven't done in the past to attract new people is we used our television advertising. We had not done that in the past. And so, we have a story out there with Lolly, a 27-year-old, franchisee who owns two stores started as a delivery driver, really as an aspirational goal. If you want to be a general manager at Domino's and an owner at Domino's it all starts as being a driver. So, getting awareness out there we're a marketing company. And marketing staffing is something we hadn't done before. So that brings in more people. Now when they come in then what happens? Well, you have to process their applications more quickly. And we rolled out a new ATS system, which helps applicants get through in less than five minutes. And so that piece is better. Then once they start in the store, you need to do what you can to make the job as easy as possible. There's a lot of pressure on those jobs. And so a lot of the technology that we've introduced addresses that. We talked last time about some operational best practices taking box holding way for example, that takes 30 to 40 hours out of the store. And so when you think about that kind of holistic start apply working in a store, what we've tried to do is change our approach holistically that to that. What I can tell you though is again, we are doing a full assessment of this area and we will have enough people to deliver Domino's Pizza.
Russell Weiner: Great. Thanks Sandeep. David I'll -- on what are consumers saying question, I'll reflect back. You may know I started at Domino's in 2008. And at 2008, we had a customer problem, which affected demand, which is people didn't like the taste of our pizza. We actually had plenty of capacity back then. In fact we were closing stores and we were closing supply chain. Demand from a customer perspective is hard to create and we did it here at Domino's. Where we are now the customer issue we actually have plenty of demand. We just have that capacity problem. And so I say that just to reflect that this is a company and a group of franchisees that overcame what I think is a much more difficult issue. And what the headwinds we're up against right now is we just got to serve the demand that's coming our way. Are consumer -- are our customers happy about it? No. Do we have programs that can address them? Sure. We have an extreme delivery program. If you get your pizza late, you're going to have free pizza next time. We've got the loyalty program. We've got all those things. I also think our customers understand -- they're not happy, but they understand what our team members are up against. If you remember the amazing thing about the Domino's system is when COVID first was hitting its peak and everybody was closed, our folks were open and our customers don't forget that. So anyway maybe a long way of answering your question, but I think we've overcome more difficult customer issues before. And what they'll see soon is we're going to be back to being the same Domino's as far as delivery perspective. 
Russell Weiner: Yes. Sandeep, I'll just add a little bit to your comments. But you're right I mean 7% right that's right smacking between our 6% to 8% guidance. I want to do first a shadow on the international side. We're experiencing the last 12 months our highest organic growth from a store perspective internationally. And when I think about the US business, I really like to -- people say half empty half full, what is your glass? And my glass on US development half full and we're going to fill it up more. And why I say half full is when you look at the pizza category in QSR there is no one trailing 12 months two years three years nobody has opened up as many pizza stores in the United States as has Domino's franchisee. So that is an absolutely huge accomplishment. And that is why I think the glass starts half full. As Sandeep said there are a bunch of things that they're dealing with now both on the labor side and on the supply of things that you need to open up a store. So it makes some time -- may take some time to get beyond what you've been seeing. But again I want to thank our franchisees for doing what nobody else is doing. They have high expectations as do we and that 8,000 number is within reach. 
Russell Weiner: So John, you totally threw me off my game because I'm just sitting here trying to think of a retort to your glass comment, so well done.
Russell Weiner: On the two changes that we made from a promotion standpoint the $5.99 one to $6.99 at least on the delivery side remember we held the carryout side that was middle of March. And so we've got some time before we're going to see what's happened there. I can say on the $7.99 remember there were a couple of things that we did there. We did $7.99 to move it online because moving our carryout customer online is really important to become part of the loyalty program. We can do all our data magic with them. At the same time we also did the carryout tips promotion. And the only way you can get the carryout tip is to also go online. And so we've seen a five percentage point increase in our online carryout business. And so that strategy is absolutely working. I'll start answering the Sandeep portion. I'll let you finish it. But John we've been doing -- when it comes to pricing, we've been doing pricing analysis since we launched $5.99 here at Domino's. It's not like we wrote it down on a piece of paper and decided to stick with it. And that architecture is not set in stone. There's actually math and there are numbers behind all of it. And so essentially what Sandeep is saying is true. But we look at pricing every day. I looked at pricing before I came down here. It doesn't mean we need to change pricing. What we do is we optimize our pricing to make sure that our customer has the best value relative to the competition and that that drives the most bottom-line for our franchisees. And so we can understand through our testing demand when we look at different brands. And we know what the input costs are from a labor standpoint from a food standpoint. And if things need to change to protect the consumer value proposition or to protect our franchisees' profitability, we will do that. And that I think is what Sandeep was referring to.
Russell Weiner: Sure. When I – when we talk about staffing, I really think you need to think that we essentially we have two businesses at Domino's. We've got a – the carryout piece of business and the delivery business. The carryout business has not really been constrained because there are no delivery. The customer as you know we tip them. And the customer is their own delivery driver. And that business over the last three years is up 24%. What we're really talking about here is I think stuff that's a little bit more specific to Domino's as a restaurant. But I want to be clear first, nobody in this country delivers more pizza than Domino's Pizza. So we have a lot of fantastic drivers there. I think the question is can we deliver more than more? And that's part of what this study is and this is part of what we're working with our franchisees on. Like I said I do think we have a lot of the answers internally. But we're going to leave nothing on the table when we look at options once the study is done.
Russell Weiner: Nothing is off the table. But I've got a lot of faith in the Domino's system. We've got quintiles that are doing it. But like I said our job is to fulfill the demand that customers have for us. Luckily we don't have a demand problem right now but nothing is off the table.
Russell Weiner: Thanks, everybody for joining the call this morning. Sandeep and I look forward to speaking with you in July to discuss our second quarter 2022 results. Have a great day. 
Sandeep Reddy: David, this is Sandeep. I'll take the first part of the question and then I'll pass it over to Russell for the second piece. But I think when you talk about the cadence of US comps, Ritch talked about it in the opening remarks. And it was a very tough January with Omicron. Feb got a little bit better. But then we actually got -- it went backwards a little bit in March. So we had a bit of a mixed bag as we went through the quarter. But I think the challenge that we actually saw was across the quarter quite significant. That's why we ended up that down 3.6%. And I think Russell talked about this in the prepared remarks as well. We are now up against a very tough comparison on a two-year stack 19.6% in the second quarter. So I think that's something to keep in mind given how we actually finished up in the first quarter that we're up against tough compares. So, that's really what's been happening from a cadence standpoint. But pivoting back to what Russell talked about in the opening remarks we're doing a whole bunch of things to address this and accelerate demand. We're not going to basically just accept where things are at right now. And everything that Russell talked about in terms of getting back to normal operating hours using the call center to actually bolster our volume and be able to create more capacity to take it, this is all going to be critical. And it's amazing that the boost weeks haven't been done for so long with the pandemic, but that should be a significant accelerator as well. So, personally when I kind of take a look at comps in the first quarter, to me it's an aberration. When I look at the business performance over multiple years I've gone back and looked at the history on a three-year stack basis we're up 11%, despite all these problems with labor that we're dealing with. And I'm really bullish about our ability to bounce back, once we actually start implementing the initiatives that Russell was talking about as we move through the year. 
Sandeep Reddy: Hi, Brian. This is Sandeep. And I think if we look back at what we've done on unit growth in the past quarter we've been really thrilled. And frankly, if you go back to the trailing 12 months as well it's been a very impressive growth rate. And we've -- on a global basis we've actually gotten to a growth rate of about 7%, which is very strong. And it's driven by strength both in the international store growth as well as the domestic store growth. What we have said is, there are certain challenges that we faced in the last few quarters, especially because of the supply chain delays and permitting delays and the like that have actually caused our rate of unit growth to be less than we'd like it to be in the past few quarters. And those issues probably are likely to persist for the next few quarters, as Ritch mentioned in the prepared remarks. However, when I look at the landscape of where we are in the U.S. business, our unit economics for the franchisees are industry-leading. It's amazing how much value they generate. $174,000 in EBITDA for the franchisees enables them to have a fantastic cash-on-cash return and an opportunity to continue expanding their footprint. And so we're at 6,600 stores give or take across the system. And the 8,000 plus objective is very much within reach. And with the clip that we've been through this last trailing 12 months it's not that far away either. So it's super exciting. I'm thrilled about the opportunity that we have because it's such a profitable business for our franchisees. And we're working all the time to make sure that they continue to be profitable. And I think that's why we're very comfortable with the unit growth projections that we provided of 6% to 8%. We're committed to that. We expect to see that this year and going forward. 
Sandeep Reddy: Yes that's exactly right, Russell. I think Russell hit it exactly because it's – in the end it's a delicate balance between the value our consumers expect and then our franchisee partners who have to actually make sure that they generate the profitability to keep their growth going and our business continuing to grow the way it has. So I think what we have to do is be cognizant of the fact that today we're dealing with a highly inflationary economy. And so the food basket is up double-digits. Labor costs have actually gone up significantly. And in this environment I think we just want to make sure that while we keep in mind that consumer value proposition and we are making sure that the demand continues to flow we still find a way to ensure the profitability of the franchisees is where it needs to be to drive that long-term growth for them and for us. And that's as simple as it is.
