Jeff Lawrence: So, yes, great question. This is Jeff. In the food line item for corporate stores specifically there definitely have been and will continue to be probably some mix and promotional activity that run through there that may cause us about around a little bit. I think the bigger picture point though is that commodities continue to be fantastic in 2016. And as we trying to look out a little bit certainly at the end of this year we can continue to expect doing pretty flat. But other than that nothing really pushing that market around. 
Jeff Lawrence: Sure. Greg, in terms of who is building the stores, it is mostly existing franchisees. In fact, it is really all existing franchisees. We have typically 20 to 25 new franchisees every year but those are people who come up through our system, they are manager before and then typically their first store they wind up buying as opposed to building their first store. So essentially all of the openings are coming from our existing franchisees. In terms of cash on cash returns for others in the category, clearly I don't know in terms of the overall. I guess what I would say is we've been seeing net closures amongst the moms-and-pops for a number of years now, nearly going back to the downturn and that has continued as the category has been consolidating. So my assumption of their closing is those are stores that don't have great cash on cash return. But in terms of the overall averages, honestly I don't know. 
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. Transaction related expenses as we pointed out mostly credit card related. Over time our credit card mix of our sales particularly when you think about the success of our online presence with the profile ability to have a card securely stored continue to push up the credit card mix of our business. Credit card companies don't give us a break the more we actually send their way so that actually is going to increase. And the other thing we are seeing a little bit there are just some charge backs. You get certain locale that have customer base is that basically charged back to the store saying that they didn't get the pizza or things like that. Again certain locations have done a little bit more of thorn in the side than others but it is really a bunch of thing that kind of adds up to move that. At the end of the day, it is couple of points of margin there. But it is up in there, we are focused on particularly around the charge back to make sure we limit those in the stores. 
Jeff Lawrence: Promotional spend, I think the original question was what impact this promotional activity have on food, and I think with the original question I think we get the call off with. As far as advertising specifically as you can imagine when you do a 13 and our stores contribute about 6% of their sale in the US into the advertising fund, we are not short of cash to chase really good ROI projects right now when it comes to building the brand for marketing promotional activities et cetera so very healthy on the cash flow coming in, the ROIs of where these guys are spending the money. This is the first time in my 20 plus year career in QSR where the marketing guys think like finance guys. And if they don't find the great ROI they won't spend it. But good news for us is they are finding great ROI with the dollars that are in the advertising fund. And again we take that very seriously. Those are 95% plus franchisee money. We need to put those to work in a good way. Not just to build sales, typical profitable sales. So we feel great about the money coming in. We feel great about how we are spending it. And you can't get 13 without getting that part of the business right. 
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. I think the biggest thing when you think about food as a percentage of sales in corporate store are that commodity has move significantly. You are going to see that move around, right. If the cost of cheese and meat and flour start to go way up, you are going to see that percentage suffer. If it goes the other way, you are going to see a benefit. As far as promotional mix, not is big of an impact possibly. It is really going to be way the commodity is move. And again as we look at commodity 2016 been a really good year for us. We expected to finish out that way. And early looking into 2017, at least based on the independent consensus that we get from economist, at least at this point not appearing to be significant in 2017 either, either way so again it is more about driving the sales. We are less concerned about the percentage, more concerned that corporate stores are making more money than they've ever made even with those little bit of margin bouncing around a little bit. 
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. I can't tell you everything that goes on in our boardroom, but what I can tell you that we have a very astute board who has been around the long time with us who understand that we are serious about optimizing our capital structure. We will continue to be serious about optimizing our capital structure. And if that provides us with an opportunity to have some excess cash, we trying to roll through with them the different menu options that we have. As you know, we've have a history of really kind of being flexible depending on what's going in the market place both with capital structure choices as well as use of cash choices. We feel good about the choices we've made in the past. Going forward, we are fully flexible; we do have about $925 million of debt which is due in January of 2019 which is par callable without a penalty in July of 2017 next summer. And so again doesn't mean that we are going to hit it. At that point in time we could go early or later but back to use of cash, our board has liked the fact that we've done an ordinary dividend in the past. I can't control the yield obviously; you know the investors control the yield. And so but now listen we are comfortable with the way we spend our cash here and it is going to continue to be a challenge, hopefully going forward if our operators continue to perform the way they have. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. It is certainly very important and we are not going to break apart the specific component as you would guess for competitive reasons but the quarter was about order count as has been the consistent pattern, we are clearly taking share within the category. But as I said in the comments and as you heard us say it before, this is about getting the fundamentals right. This is about the power of momentum that is causing franchisees to build more stores, increasing the amount of advertising that we are able to do. We continue to with growing scale be able to, with our supply chain folks do a better and better job of buying commodities based on higher volume. So there is just an awful lot of things that are go and right that driving the momentum but most importantly I mean when you put up a 13, I will tell you that you don't go into the year planning a 13 and what I am most proud of within our system is that our franchisees and our store managers handling that kind of volume growth. And doing it well and giving great service to our customers because it isn't easy. And they have done a terrific job of trying to keep up with the volume and only with that kind of execution do you continue the momentum. So hats off to our whole system. 
Patrick Doyle: You know what I have always said is that I think that there are at least 1,000 more and I continue to believe that's the case. And you are certainly seeing that playing out. And all I would add to that is that as volumes go up and as our shares goes up that only create the opportunity to build even more stores. Because places that might not have been viable become viable as your overall volumes and market share go up. So, yes, we continue to believe that there are 1,000 plus more out there that can be built. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. It is a good question. So our long-term guidance has been 5% to 7% and that is still the best number. We certainly feel very good about the growing momentum but one of the important things to keep in mind is we have about 100 conversions in Europe in the third quarter. And so that not something that continues long term. And so there is a little bit of one time in that number on the international side. There are still more to be converted but we are going to see the bulk of that done by the end of this year. And the third quarter was the largest quarter of those conversions. But apart from that you are seeing the base continue to grow as we open the 13,000 in the quarter and so that 5% to 7% range continues to get bigger on absolute store count basis. But so we clearly we feel very, very good about the momentum around store growth. We are particularly excited to see the domestic store growth moving because as we talked about before there were -- they are fundamentally four ways you can grow the business right. Same store sales, domestically and internationally and store growth domestically and internationally. And we have three of those four for quite some time. We now have the fourth part which is nice growth on the domestic side as well. So the momentum there is terrific but there was a little bit of kind of short-term boost from the conversions in the third quarter. 
Patrick Doyle: I really don't think so. We've looked at that theory hard this year and in the past and events like that as the margin could have an effect but in terms of any real material effect you really -- in our business you really don't have to think about those. They just -- they don't drive enough in any given quarter to really register. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. So the seasonality is really more into the fourth quarter typically in terms of growth on digital order. So it kind of starts in the fall but most of that just based on when the quarter ends is really hitting in the fourth quarter. So that's a sort of thing that we've very consistently seeing now for five, six, seven years that the ramp up is kind of September to call it January something like that. And then it tends to flatten out as a percentage of sales may even see a slight tick down in the summer. And then you get the ramp up again through the fall. So the real answer is that pattern we wouldn't have seen much of through the third quarter. But we continue to be very happy with the overall growth on the digital side. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I mean I think the category is the pizza category is continuing to be up in the kind of 1% or 2% range something like that. I don't know that we've seen a material change in the overall momentum. But clearly this kind of growth has been far more about share gains than about anything going on in the category. So I think very modest growth in the category though I remind you when you look at overall growth in the category, you are typically going to be looking at maybe 2% ticket growth so modest category growth means fundamentally flat orders with a little bit of ticket. And I think that's what we've kind of continue to see in the category and thankfully we've been able to outperform the category. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. Salads are performing very nicely very much in line with what we had projected. It all fits into our $5.99 mix-and-match and as you have seen with the advertising when we launched salads, it was as much about pizza as it was about salads. Salads were -- they only launched in mid August so you are looking at basically one out of three periods for us that has the salads in them. But we are very happy with how they are performing. I think very, very much in line with kind of what we had expected there. 
Patrick Doyle: Well, I guess what it says am I going back to the overall guidance of 5% to 7%. Globally, we certainly like the momentum that we built in the domestic business. I am not going to start kind of pulling together specific projections on international versus domestic but we are very pleased to be getting a nice contribution from the domestic business and with more stores to be built as I was just discussing. There is certainly room for momentum to continue. But we are not kind of giving a specific projection around domestic versus international. 
Patrick Doyle: Honestly it is -- I mean clearly the capital is there, the will of our franchisees is there to do it. They are busy right now. And I'll go back to the comment that I made about execution. You do a plus 13 and you are very, very busy just keeping your store staffed and managing your existing stores well. I'll tell you actually remember questions a few years ago when we announced our reimaging program which we are still on track to substantially complete by the end of 2017. But our franchisees are busy running the stores they already have. They have been busy doing reimages on store, the capital is not that constrained at all. But they've also been busy swinging hammers building new stores. And so you got to find real estate, you got to improve through the construction process. So it is not constrained by capital. It is not constrained by return on investment. At some point it becomes constrained by just how many available opportunities there are but that's well off over the horizon for us. And we like the fact that it's been just kind of continually progressing the last few years. The new stores are opening very well. Our franchisees who have been opening on average are very happy with their decision to do that. So I think it is -- the constraining factor is really just the ability to find new the sites and work through the progress. 
Patrick Doyle: And the one thing I'd say is as you know we are one of I think only two largely franchised restaurant companies that talk about our franchisees profitability. They had a terrific year last year and they are going to have a better year this year on overall EBITDA. And we feel very good about how that's trending. So, look, you manage all of it. At the end of the day, you've got to have a compelling offer for your customers and you got to generate a great return for your franchisees on the investments in the stores as long as we are crossing both of those hurdles then we are feeling very pretty good about where we are and we are certainly continuing to see that. So you may see some movement in the components of that, food, labor all the rest of it but our job is to continue to generate strong return on investment for our franchisees. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. So carryout is continue to do well both are growing. And I think the one thing that we continue to see is the majority of our stores are now reimaged. It is a better experience for our customers than it was in the past. There have been questions in the past about kind of specific return on investment from reimaging store and we've always talked about the fact that any individual store simply reimaging where they are is a 1% or 2% less but their expectation has always been that you are going to see kind of catalytic events as the majority or all of the stores are reimaged. I think we are seeing that. I think part of what's driving our comps right now is that the stores look better as the better environment for carryout customers to walk-into. And that's an important part of our business. We are getting growth on both sides. Delivery is growing, carryout is growing but I think the reimaging is certainly going to have at least a near term more positive impact on the carryout business than it does on the delivery business. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. We absolutely are going to have to increase capacity in our supply chain. The team, Troy and the team has done a great job kind of keeping up with the volume that has been coming through. But we've talked about this before. There are certainly in the next few years are going to be some increased investments into the supply chain. Volumes are up very dramatically if you go back six, seven years now. And we've been kind of in an ongoing repair and maintenance mode as opposed to a significant capacity increase. We had excess capacity but we are certainly using that up and we think that there is an opportunity to build more capacity which frankly will help efficiency because they are getting busy enough and at some point you are going to be as smooth with operating those supply chain centers as you would have been otherwise. It is a very high class problem. I love trying to figure out how to deal with higher volumes going through our system. But it is up to that we are definitely going to be addressing. 
Patrick Doyle: Right. So we are still at $0.21 domestically. It's a little bit higher outside of the US just because there are some cost of getting smaller markets up and running on the platform. Today, we have a reasonable number of international markets that are operating I think it's kind of 20 plus countries that are operating on the global online ordering system. Many of those are smaller so it is still a relatively low percentage of the system. The biggest market that on our platform today is Canada. But we've got a lot of markets in the Caribbean, few in the Middle East, South Africa. Some of our newer markets that have been opening. Certainly as that expands more around the world than it has been growing, we have been adding countries to that. It is an opportunity. It is global enable so we've got a system that will operate in multiple markets. So there is an opportunity there that those digital fees will grow just as the number of stores around the world is added to the platform. And in terms of that charge, right now it is at $0.21. Clearly investments that we've been making have been working. As we talked about often, the return on investment on our digital platform has been terrific. You've seen that playing out in our comp growth. We are committed that we are going to generate a good ROI off of that and what good means for the future we will work through but right now we are still at that $0.21 that you call it domestically. 
Patrick Doyle: Not really other than we've already talked about in terms of just the sheer volume. I mean you heard me say before in terms of what I worry about. I wake up everyday and I worry about cyber security and I worry about food safety. Those always have to be top of mind and you are never going to be in a position where you can relax on those things. But in terms of the volume growth and what worries me there, stores that have been doing a terrific job of handling it, we are building more stores which will help any capacity constraint there, the supply chain, we've said we are going to need to invest in but the team has done a great job of kind of keeping up. Our technology folks have to make sure that we got enough capacity and that the pipes are big enough to handle all the volumes that are going through but in general we feel we've been in awfully good shape on those fronts. So we know where those constraints could be and actively have been managing that. 
Patrick Doyle: Well, ultimately pricing is getting set by our customers. And customers continue to be a little bit cautious as they have been since the recovery. And we've been finding ways that we can create great value for them and continue to accelerate the profitability of our stores. So feel good about kind of the balanced approach that we've taken there. There are certainly over the course of the last few years on average we've seen a little bit of ticket growth. But the majority of our growth has been through orders. We think that's a healthier way to do it. Ultimately the health of the business is going to be driven by order counts and how many people are choosing to do business with you each day. But we've cautiously found ways to get ticket. Remember, ticket is a function both of price but also how much in that basket. And so when you see us launching salads or we launched the marble cookie brownie last year, those sorts of things are allow us to have smart up sales. There can be a way of growing ticket without necessarily taking price. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. Not going to get into the specific on that but we feel very good about where they are and how they are performing. They fit nicely into our $5.99 mix-and-match.
Patrick Doyle: They are. And kind of our initial run is done. And but there is some demand for more out there. There was a model change and the model that we put it on. So if we are going to do more we actually have to produce new tooling and so I am not sure that we wind up doing that unless there was a lot of demand for more there. We certainly could have our franchisees buy more if they are available today but something we will look at. But I will tell you is customers' love it. I mean for the relatively few number that is out there, the visibility of those cars is terrific and we get an awful lot of comments about them. 
Patrick Doyle: We do include them in the overall category and the overall category growth US continue to see stores getting built. I don't know that I would call it a shakeout but I am relatively confident that at some point you will see consolidation. There is awful lot of players that decided that it was a good new -- a good idea at roughly the same time. And enough similarity and approach that I wouldn't be surprised that you saw some consolidation at some point. In terms of shakeout, I don't know, I mean that implies closures but I guess what I'd say when you heard me say before which is fast casual pizza to me is really about the idea of a better environment, great food still needs to be fast value, still needs to be there and we are working hard at all of those consumer benefit. And that's why we think we are growing so strongly. So they are out there, they are growing. I just don't view it as a new category. I view it as new competitors who frankly have been taking share from moms-and -pops and regional chain that's simply ever been performing as well. So the overall thesis on the category I think remains the same which is there is limited growth in the category. You are seeing big players take share from smaller players on average. We have thankfully been getting more than our fair share though. We had always like even more than that. In the fast casual players as they referred to, I just think they are people who are doing a nice job with their pizza restaurant and they are taking share from existing players. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. Look at the end of the day I suppose anybody who is feeding anybody in the US is competition. As it relates to pizza and frozen pizza or take-and-bake, there is some interplay between our category and those categories but not much. I mean during the time when you saw a lot of growth in frozen, we just couldn't see that it was directly affecting us much if at all. And so the same is true of gas stations, any take-and-bake, it is out there but I am just not so sure that there is that much interplay there. And my view on frozen pizza in particular has always been that I think frozen pizza despite how they try to position themselves, tends to just cannibalize other frozen food as opposed to cannibalizing the fresh pizza category. And so I think despite how they try to position themselves, one more sale of frozen pizza is one less sale of frozen lasagna. And I think that's why you haven't seen the overall frozen category grow much in grocery over the last few years. There was some time when they were adding doors of frozen pizza and that was growing the frozen pizza category. But I don't think you saw a lot of net growth in frozen prepared food overall. So I think that is more a competitive issue within grocery and within the frozen aisles than it is necessarily to the pizza category. 
Patrick Doyle: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day in January. And following that we will be discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2016 results with you on Tuesday, February 28. 
