Michael T. Lawton: Yeah. We came out a little bit higher. We've been both – the variable comp that's certainly compared for the year is higher than we would have originally expected because we had a really strong year.
Michael T. Lawton: Most of it was pretty much in line. I mean, certainly as you've seen, I mean over the last two years, we've continually said that we were going to be increasing G&A and sometimes it's a function of when you can get the hiring done as you're trying to add people. And we're a lot closer to where we wanted to be staffed at the end of the year than where we were in the first part of the year.
Michael T. Lawton: Well, it's certainly partly a business reason of getting the Canadian subsidiaries underneath. But it isn't something that you're necessarily going to see a big number on because some of our efficiencies also affect the whole – the system and how that affects franchisee pricing. So, I wouldn't count on a lot out of that. But I think it's the right thing to do for the business.
Michael T. Lawton: Well, we'll have to assess at that point in time based on market conditions and also recognizing that the whole thing becomes callable, not too many years down the road and it'll just be part of what it looks like at that point in time.
Michael T. Lawton: It depends on the duration of the debt and what you decide to – kind of what your plans could be going forward. So, not necessarily. It's just as we get to that point in time, we will certainly look hard at it.
Michael T. Lawton: The key thing is when you look at our software and what we're doing on the e-commerce and the point-of-sale and everything else that we do, we're pretty – we're really good at estimating how much cash is going to go out the door for the year. It's a little bit tougher to get exactly which piece is going to get capitalized as internally-developed software versus what part is going to hit the expense lines and then what people are working on, and that's really about the only difference that's in there.
Michael T. Lawton: We've spent over $80 million in the first three quarters. And you saw a pretty rapid runoff in the price. And the fact is since I had a good chunk of the money spent, I was kind of watching to see what happened. That's all.
J. Patrick Doyle: If you look at the whole year, the overage from what we had said at our Investor Day, at the beginning of 2014, the overage was entirely around kind of variable comp and incentives out to franchisees based on performance.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. Karen, I think what I'd say is, we've got fabulous kind of innovation coming with technology around the world. We're trying things out in lots of different places. And we all kind of learn from the other markets as they do things. And so, we've certainly been watching the success of that in Australia. It's something that they've certainly been very excited about. And we'll look at it and make the determination of whether it makes sense in other markets based on kind of the results that we see from it. But overall, what it shows, I think, once again is that innovation does not only have to be about products. It can be about ways that we're taking technology to consumer. And clearly, they've been very happy with it in Australia.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I mean, I think we've still got 1,000-plus stores that we can build in the U.S. There are some geographies that have a little bit more room for penetration than others, but it's largely everywhere. There is fill-in opportunities in a lot of markets. And so, while there are some areas in the Midwest and there was some opportunities in Northern California and some other places, really, it's filling in new areas or existing areas around the country. So, I don't know that it's going to be particularly geographically concentrated, but we definitely think there's kind of 1,000-plus that we can build over time.
J. Patrick Doyle: They are all coming from existing franchisees. So, go back to kind of our model, over 90% of our franchisees started as hourly folks in our stores. They worked their way up through the system to become successful managers and then they applied to become a franchisee. And so, last year, we had new franchisees come into the system, but they were all people who were managers or supervisors from within the system that became first-time franchisees. So, 100% of the store growth is coming from existing franchisees, and that's the best possible scenario because they know the business. The unit economics are strong. The cash flow is strong in the system. And what we're seeing is kind of what we've been talking about, I think, for a number of years, which is that as unit economics get better, stores are going to get built because they should be built, because the ROI on them is going to be strong. And as we've now had yet another year of increasing profits for our franchisees despite what were record-high cheese costs last year, they're getting more and more energized about the opportunities, and so we're seeing the builds happening.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. Jeff, it really is fundamental across-the-board growth. Is it not geographically-based, it is not about higher-volume versus lower-volume stores. It is – and as you know, we were out with kind of the same price point we've run before. And the advertising for the quarter was mostly around Dom and new ways that people could access the brand through voice ordering. So, it is really about fundamental strength. It was – the vast majority of the growth was order count versus tickets. And it is just the broad strength of the brand and where we are with consumers now. We clearly feel very, very good about where we are and about the results that we put up.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I think our system has been remarkably disciplined. And last year, in the face of record high cheese costs, they held the line and their profits continued to increase despite being pretty modest about kind of price increases through the system last year. So – and now as cheese costs come down, obviously, that's good news for store-level profitability, but I don't think you're going to see material pricing changes from the system. They've just been very, very disciplined about doing what is best for the customer, and that's clearly played into very, very strong results.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, I can't predict what our competition is going to do. I guess what I'd say is everybody has to address margins in their own way. While food costs are off, there are probably some labor pressures out there. So I don't know – I don't know that you're going to see a dramatic change, really, from the industry. But obviously, those are decisions they're going to make.
J. Patrick Doyle: There have been three factors over time that I've always looked at in kind of the scale advantage that somebody like a Domino's has versus the independents. It's the efficiency of our food cost, it's the know-how around the brand and how to efficiently run a unit. And it's the advertising and kind of the brand strength that you have. And for many, many years, those three did not drive consolidation in the category. And you started to see now the last few years, some real consolidation. And I think the different has been technology. Our technological advantage, the ability for customers to access the brand that way, the ability for us to build a platform that we think is absolutely second to none in terms of giving the consumer a great experience with Domino's is just something that the smaller players are either not able to do or not able to do anywhere near as well and as efficiently as we do it. And I think that alone, we're doing a lot of other things right. I mean, our advertising and branding and the efficiency of our market spend and all of those things are clearly working. We think that getting the stores reimaged is going to be a positive. And we've got fabulous franchisees who are excited and motivated about where we are. They're driving the brand. It's a lot of things playing into it, but I think the big new factor has really been technology and our ability to drive business through that. And it's just something they haven't been able to match, and so it's put real pressure on their sales and ultimately their profitability. And that's why we've been taking pretty consistent share.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, we're obviously pretty happy with where we are in the profits that we're generating at the store level for the franchisees. Our pricing has been working. It's interesting. I've always had a very different perspective about pricing in the category than even some of comments I've heard from the investor community and some of my competitors. I think it's always been viewed as this highly promotional category. And my view is if it were that aggressive on pricing, you'd have seen more consolidation in the category over time than you've seen. This has been the least consolidated category within the restaurant industry for a very long time. And so, you're now starting to see some consolidation. And it's been pretty consistent over the last few years. So, I go back to the pricing overall, it's generating good growth for us. It's generating good growth and profits for our franchisees. Overall, I'm happy with where it is. I'm obviously very happy with the overall performance of the business. And we can generate good sales growth and good profit growth with kind of the approach that we brought to pricing, then I'm very happy with where we are. And as you know, our national price point has been the same now for a number of years. And it's clearly been working.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. It's been a pretty good mix of both of those from order count. And I guess what I'd say is the customer base, certainly new customers coming in, but I think what's maybe even more important is retention of existing customers as we're giving them a better experience. And within that retention is also improved frequency. So, I think it's – those are really the three factors that will drive higher order counts, and it's been a pretty good combination of those. But I think the retention and the experience and the customer satisfaction that our existing customers have has been really the primary driver of it.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I mean, I don't think you're going to see a big ramp. We just feel like we should be doing our part. The unit economics are good. You're certainly going to see us building some, but you're not going to see a notable increase in the mix of corporate stores. We feel pretty good about where we are in terms of the number of corporate stores. We think we definitely need to be doing our fair share of the building, but you're not going to see a material increase in the mix of corporate stores. You're probably going to see more it staying kind of line with where it is and basically are doing our part of the growth of the overall system.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I mean, the point-of-sale system, obviously, it gives us something that's having one system and I think this is maybe most important, there are lots of great functionality around it and kind of what we have there. But I think what's most important is that we have one. And it gives us efficiency as we tie online ordering to it and all the rest of it. But it is just a point-of-sale system at the end of the day. There is reporting behind it and some analytics that the franchisees can look at and kind of analyze their business and how it's doing and we think that's important for them. But I think the most important thing – I think it's a great system. I think it's the best out there for managing our business. But I think what's even more important is that we've got this one system that gives us consistency. It allows us to tie these online ordering platforms to it more efficiently. And you're now at not only 100% of the U.S. But as we mentioned, about 70% of our international stores are now either on it or have signed up and will be moving on to it. And we think it just brings great efficiencies. At the end of the day, it's a tool that the franchise use in different ways – the franchisees use in different ways to manage their business. But we think having that one platform has been a really powerful tool for us as we've been driving e-commerce.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I don't know that there are kind of big specific things that we're working on. We were always coming up with new ways to make it a little bit better and a little bit easier. And can you speed up the order-taking process or the accuracy or all of that? But at the end of the day, it's working well. Where we're spending a lot of our time and effort are on kind of the e-commerce platforms that are tying to it. And we think that's ultimately the big win.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. So, I think there are a couple things. So, first of all, a little under 10% of our overall orders are people walking into the store and placing the order right there. So, roughly, today, if you talk about 50% digital, what you're really looking at is 50% digital, a little over 40% over the phone and about 10% walk-in. And so, the walk-in customers, there may be some things we can do that they're using a kiosk or whatever. But the bigger opportunity is kind of around the 40% that are still calling in. And the answer is, we want our customers to be able to access the brands however they want to access the brands. And there are still people who would rather call in and place that order and do it over the phone, using their voice as opposed to one of our apps or digitally ordering, and we want to make sure that's a great experience for them as well. And so, what we're seeing is I think we're doing things to make our digital platforms better and better, and more and more efficient. But some of this is just about people kind of adopting technology, and when do they decide that they want to shift from ordering over the phone to ordering digitally. I think the one area that I would say that there is going to continue to be opportunity is today, a higher percentage of delivery orders are placed digitally than carryout orders are placed digitally. And I think there is some opportunity there. Some of that I think is just kind of habit of the customers that the same customer who wants to go into a store, see the store, see the people who are making the pizzas has also been a little more likely to be the same person who wants to do it over the phone and kind of feel like they're controlling that process a little bit more. And so, we think there are some things we'll be able to do to enhance things for that carryout customer and maybe that will push it along as well. But overall, as we've got markets now outside of the U.S. that are well over 50%, some of them push into 60% of total digital, we think there's going to continue to be upside for us domestically and certainly in a lot of international markets that are still relatively early in the ramp-up on digital. We know they've got a long runway as they get better and better at providing a good digital experience for the customers and as the customer base there gets more comfortable with placing orders digitally.
J. Patrick Doyle: It's interesting. I've said often that the number one thing that correlates to strength in our sales is people who are employed. Employed people buy more pizza than unemployed people. And the labor market strengthening is clearly one of the contributing factors to the strength of our business overall. We think it's a good thing. So, the first thing I'd say is, I love the fact that the labor market is strengthening. I love the fact that more people are employed. And to the extent to which that means the labor market tightens up a little bit, that's a great thing. I mean, that's an overall positive for the economy and for our business. And there are some areas where we are certainly feeling it, and it gets a little bit tougher. I don't know that our turnover has gone up. In fact, it has not gone up. But certainly, there are franchisees who are more focused on staffing their stores and making sure that we're giving great service. And if that puts a little bit of pressure on wages as well, that's an okay thing because there's a big offset in terms of a healthier economy and top line as well. So, certainly, something we look at. We got to make sure that the franchisees are treating people right, that they're training them correctly, that they're doing everything they can to make it a good experience for them. And they do that in a variety of ways and is part of why having an entrepreneurial system is great because they address those needs market by market.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. Well, their absolute profits were up. But the percentage margin was off a little bit because of – food was still high in the fourth quarter. Food's now down. And so, clearly, that's going to help. But the traffic growth and the sales growth more than offset kind of the food cost pressure that we had. And so, ultimately, it drove more dollar profits. But that was mostly a result of food cost in the fourth quarter.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. Just like to thank everybody for being on the call and I look forward to talking to you again as we report our first quarter earnings on April 23. Thanks, everybody.
