J. Patrick Doyle: The opportunity on the international side is very rare. We have very long-term contracts with our master franchisees. And ultimately, those contracts and their confidence that they're going to be able to build the Domino's business and generate a great return for themselves or their shareholders, if they're public, that's what attracts capital. And that's what's generated the strongest growth really in international of any of the major players in the restaurant industry. So those opportunities are very rare. Our average, as we've said before, is around 3%. Our master franchisees themselves have some ability to change their rates to sub-franchisees, and if that happens, then we've got some ability to do something. But overall, you're not going to see material changes in those rates.
J. Patrick Doyle: I mean, our contracts are at 5.5% with some incentives out there. We may be just slightly below that. I think, we're between 5.4% and 5.5% average. And it's been that way for a very long time. So I would not expect anything there.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, pizza is great business. And that's the core driver of comp growth. It is certainly where the vast majority of profitability comes from in our system. Chicken is a great part of our business. It's the second-largest part of our business. But it is materially smaller than our pizza business. But it's a good sized business. And right now, given the way commodities have been moving, the fact that we've got a chicken-focused promotion out there right now, is a good thing and nicely timed. But ultimately, you're talking about value or premium. Our pricing has been quite consistent now over the course of 4 or 5 years, and that's really a reflection of where consumers are. And the value that consumers demand. And as long as that's what they're looking for and we're continuing to drive growth in our franchisees' profitability, which as I mentioned previously, we did again quite nicely in 2013, we're going to be pretty consistent in our approach to pricing.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, as I mentioned in my part, we did take -- the ticket is up a little bit and that's not really from taking price as much as being very careful and sharp on the coupons that you do offer. As I know you're aware, most of the transactions that take place have got some kind of a deal associated with them. So I don't think -- I think there's more opportunity to be careful about your couponing than there is to take menu price up at this point in time. And now, while you may see a little bit of adjustment, I wouldn't expect anything major. As long as our current expectation's commodity prices will come back down. It's taken longer than we expected. We got exactly what we expected out of chicken, which is meaningful, and that's lower. It's really a pork and cheese situation right now and making the presumption that they hopefully will still come back down fairly in either the second or, at worst, third quarter. I don't think you'll see a lot of pricing adjustment.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. It's absolutely -- we think our size and scale and ability to buy effectively and pass those savings through to our stores is clearly a strong competitive advantage and so yes, I think it does put us in a stronger position from a share standpoint.
J. Patrick Doyle: Our franchisees are great operators. And I would tell you there have been times when our corporate stores have outperformed the franchise side and the other way around. And right now, we're in a moment where the last 2 quarters, we've had some pretty material underperformance. There are some execution issues that we've got to get fixed. We like where we are with our store accounts on the corporate side today. We use it as, not only a way to generate good returns for our shareholders and, at the profitability levels we have today, we do that. But we use it to test new things and that's important for us. But I'll tell you, critically, and I think fundamental to why we run stores, is it's where we develop talent to lead our franchise system both domestically and around the world. So based on that, I would tell you I think we're pretty comfortable in the range that we're in. We've always said from time to time, you're going to see some opportunistic transactions, both buying and selling, and you're going to see us building stores, importantly. So if there is a -- there's not necessarily a magic number, but I would tell you the range we're in today with the level of talent we're able to generate through there, to meet our needs and the returns we're generating out of the stores, we feel pretty good about where we are.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. It's -- you know what, it's still fairly early on that. And I would tell you, as we just announced out to our system now, what 3, 4 months ago, those efforts are just ramping up now. I think you're going to start seeing a lot of reimages starting kind of second half of this year. So we've got a couple hundred out there today that have been done over the course of the last year to 18 months. That number hasn't really materially changed in the first quarter. I think second half and then the years out from that is when you're going to see most of that activity.
J. Patrick Doyle: They buy both pan and hand tossed and, when we launched this pan, we knew that there were pan occasions that were going to competition, frankly, from our customers. So people who were buying our hand tossed pizzas wanted a change of pace, and they were going elsewhere, because we didn't have a good offering. And so this has really mostly been about picking up more occasions from our existing customers who were taking their pan pizza business elsewhere. But what that has meant is higher loyalty from those customers as they're giving us both of those occasions. And so we continue to be very pleased with how it's performing. It's a terrific product. And as you saw again in the first quarter, it had some real staying power for us with our customer base.
J. Patrick Doyle: It absolutely helps. And it helps on essentially every measure. The ticket is higher. Order accuracy is higher for the customers, since they're taking their own orders, so customer satisfaction is higher, and the profitability of the order is a little bit better as well. And it's also more efficient to market to those people who have already signed up. And we continue to make advances. So with the profiles set up, the ability for those customers to reorder quickly if they set up profiles is terrific. So continues to be a very positive thing for our business. And certainly, an area where you're going to continue to see focus. But as we've said, just in the last month or 2 now, you've seen a number of other things, Google wallet, the iPad app. We're continuing to drive innovation at a very high pace in this area, and it's something that is going to continue to be part of our core strategy.
J. Patrick Doyle: Look, we all watch it. And it is certainly an area that's -- we will all talk about. None of us like to see record high on cheese and obviously, pork moved as well. I actually commend our franchisees. I think they've been remarkably disciplined about recognizing that this is relatively short term and about just taking some of that in the first quarter. That said, our franchisees still did very well in the first quarter, and we think their profits were actually up a little bit versus the first quarter of the previous year, but not a lot, but a little. And the volume clearly that we saw in the first quarter carried the day. And they understand that sales growth and keeping our customer base happy and loyal, is ultimately what's going to drive long-term profitability and growth in the business. So overall, I think they have been remarkably disciplined about looking at this for what it is, which has been a relatively short term movement that persisted a little longer than, frankly, we had hoped it was going to. But we're already seeing some easing on cheese, it's back down some over the course of the last couple of weeks. Hopefully, that will continue. But overall, they've been quite disciplined.
J. Patrick Doyle: Our expectation is that it is going to continue to ease. We don't think it's going to happen quickly, but over the next few months or couple of quarters, our expectation and certainly the market's expectation, as you look at forward curves, is that it's going to continue to come down. We'll see. There have been a couple of components that have driven it. One was weather and there were some areas where production per cow was down because of the extreme weather. Obviously, as we're warming up now, that's going to get somewhat better and production should get better. Input costs are very good. Corn costs, feed cost, are very good. But the other part of it has been the export market. And dairy exports in general have been up. And that's driven the demand side overall on this. And so we'll see. Our expectation is that it's going to continue to ease, but it's going to take some time for that. We're going to be watching it closely. But over the next couple of quarters, we're hopeful that we're going to see it down somewhat more.
J. Patrick Doyle: The only thing I would add to that, Brian, is we also then just as kind of, "All right, does this all make sense?" We looked at our carryout and delivery mix. And our delivery mix was a little stronger than we would have expected otherwise, which was clearly a function of the weather as well. So we think it was kind of in that 1 to 1.5 point range, and obviously the blend between our carryout and delivery business insulates us somewhat. To your other question about kind of what's driving the comps. I think there have been a few things. I think we've done a good job buying our media and our media has been up a little bit over the course of the last few years, just from a straightened, not only efficiency standpoint, but effectiveness. And some of that's just a function of the growth of the system. And the more we're driving comps, the more dollars that we've got to put back in to driving the brand. Clearly, an important part of this though is digital. And I think digital continues to be a strong part of our business. We see the effect it has on customer retention and frequency, and that has clearly been a big driver of our results and continues to be a big driver of our results. And overall the execution from our system and our franchisees has been strong. And we're seeing great results from them as we look at our kind of internal measures of the service levels that they're giving and their execution. I'm proud of our franchisees and our whole system and how they're performing, and that builds overall momentum within the system as well.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think it's -- we haven't, but I think it's in the range of about 1/4 of them right now. I think it's around 100, maybe just slightly over 100 of them today are reimaged.
J. Patrick Doyle: It's interesting. Customers online tend to use coupons a little bit less. They -- even though they're there and in front of them, they use them a little bit less, and it's part of why ticket is somewhat higher. They also just add more food items for the digital orders. But that's a fairly small effect on that. So I think overall, we kind of look at 3 buckets of orders. We look at orders that are going out at menu price. We look at those that are on kind of the national offer, and those that use local coupons. And you can kind of manage pricing within each of those 3 areas. And overall, there is some effect with the digital. That's clearly been a little bit positive for the ticket over time. And that's kind of how we think about it, I guess, is kind of looking at each of those 3 areas, what's going to drive volume and then managing the profitability within it.
J. Patrick Doyle: No, coupons have to be there. If the coupons are available to any customers, we're going to have them there for them online. And they got to know that they've got access to great value digitally when they're ordering.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, what we've done -- some things in terms of targeting groups, but there is lots more to come. As we get more sophisticated about managing kind of our database and people within it, there's still lots of opportunities on that front for us going forward.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. It's a positive on all fronts. It's -- once they've given us that information and particularly, if they put credit card in, their ability to get through the process quickly and their ability to access favorite orders quickly, all of that is a positive for the customer, so it's a positive for us, and we can see it in behavior.
J. Patrick Doyle: You're not going to see big shifts kind of because of that. And remember the way kind of our funding works on our advertising is it's a percentage of sales from our stores. So as overall system sales increase, that means the absolute volume of those dollars is growing. But in terms of material shifts between quarters, you're not going to see any.
J. Patrick Doyle: We think that all of the things we're talking about do that effectively. So getting our stores looking better, reimaging our stores, building some new stores, putting them in better locations combined with better food than we've ever offered, combined with a digital platform that we think is really second to none, having some seating in these reimaged stores, making it more welcoming for those who like to sit down as they wait or to eat as well. Really opening up the kitchens so people can see the quality of the food. All of those things make us a better brands for consumers in general and make us more competitive within whatever the competitive set is going to be out the next few years. And I guess, the only thing that I would repeat is that we continue to see the largest players in the category taking share from the independents. And so to the extent to which you're seeing some of these newer players growing a little bit, they are clearly not taking share from us today. And potentially, taking even more share from some of the other locals and independents as we also are taking share from those players.
J. Patrick Doyle: So we appreciate all of you taking the time to be on the call and for the questions, and we look forward to being back together with you on July 22 to discuss our second quarter earnings. Thank you, everybody.
Michael T. Lawton: Right now, we continue to watch where rates are but it's not, as you say, it's not that compelling. And we would -- we expected that we would stop making the payment probably, still a high probability that, that would stop next quarter. And we'll just continue to watch. We're quite content with where we are, which is at the 4.5x level.
Michael T. Lawton: Okay, I'll take the weather question. What we did was, we ran everything through our media mix model and we looked at what we expected by market versus what we got. So I could tell you we have a pretty sophisticated model but, at the same time, you have to take it all with a bit of a guess as to what the right numbers are. But we've always tried to give you the best picture we can as to what we think is happening. So after running it through the model, we looked at -- and that includes looking at markets where there isn't any impact from snow, areas where you got more snow than what we had the year before, areas with less snow that are impacted, and we come out with something in this range of 1% to 1.5%.
Michael T. Lawton: Yes. The primary reason that we reduced the increase is just reflective. We got the kind of unusual gain in there.
