Ritch Allison: It's Ritch. Really a combination, but I think more driven by the things that we were proactively do it in the marketplace. So, as I, as I first look at the external side, we certainly still saw a lot of aggregator promotion and advertising activity out there, both, on your televisions but also digital. So while we felt like that leveled off a bit, you know, relative to Q3, the pressure was certainly still there and quite an intense. When I think about the things that we did proactively to drive the business and we discussed some of these things with you when you were here in September at our innovation garage. We launched our delivery insurance program in the fourth quarter, which really resonated with our customers. Our customers think about Domino's as a brand that is transparent and as a brand that takes accountability when we make mistakes. So this campaign resonated well with them. We also were promoting the carryout business throughout the quarter and in particular bringing to light the crust variety that we have on our menu. And that also resonated and drove terrific results on the carry outside of the business. As always, I'm also going to be transparent with you about some of the things that didn't work as well. We talked a lot about launching our late night promotional program and that did not drive a lot of incremental sales across the business in total, but in certain markets around the country was really effective. So we've dialed that back a bit overall but are using it now more selectively in some key markets around the country. So that's really how I look at it, Brian. External, kind of a lot of pressure still there, staying flat, but it'd be a lot of things we did internally, worked nicely in the quarter.
Ritch Allison: Hey Matt, it's Ritch. So most certainly, the digital side of the business -- the delivery side of the business has a higher digital percentage mix then the carryout side of the business. And honestly, one of our objectives as we continue to grow carryout is to drive up that digital percentage. So, you may have seen our Pie Pass technology in the commercial, we started running on Monday of this week, in order to being greeted in the store and to expedite the process of picking up your pizza, you have to have ordered ahead of time digitally. And so that's one innovation that we're using to try to drive, more customer uptake on the digital side. There are other things that our teams are working on and investing in here. Because we do see that as a great opportunity to help us to continue to drive that business not only order count but also given us an opportunity for smarter upsells and other things that help us drive smart ticket in the business. So most certainly an opportunity for us going forward.
Ritch Allison: Yes, so we are working hand in hand with Nuro on that. Matt as we talked about a bit in September, testing is going well so far. And I'm going down there personally this month to have a look at it myself but so far so good. And you may have seen, there was an announcement out within the last week or so around, some of the regulatory approvals that they received to conduct deliveries down in Houston. So we're excited about where we are with the partnership to-date and looking forward frankly to learning a lot from this and helping it shape our approach to autonomous delivery going forward.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Chris. So what we think about new product development, it is our decision process is centered around incrementality for our franchisees. So, not just incremental sales, but also incremental profits for the franchisee now that of course starts with you identifying products that have strong consumer appeal. But that's not enough, a lot of brands will measure, success of a new product by what mix that product gets post-release. We actually take a look at it a little differently and we measure success based on the incremental profit because a lot of the products that we launch and I'll use a salads for an example. We didn't launch salads to sell salads. We launched salads to sell pizza and the launch of salads drove incremental profitability in our stores. Not through selling salads but through selling pizzas. So that's the lens that we look through. So our testing processes start obviously with the consumer and the appeal there. But really what we're looking for is what were the overall behavior of that customer be? Will it drive incremental traffic into our stores? And what happens with ticket as well? Will it add additional items to the basket that ultimately help the profitability of the franchisees? And it's why we don't launch that many new products because when we go down into the test kitchen, we see dozens of products that taste great and drive a lot -- have consumer appeal. But if they don't drive incrementality in terms of sales and profits for the franchisees, then we're not going to force more operational complexity into the stores without a significant benefit on the back end. So that's the approach that we take to it. And, I'm excited that we're going to have some news coming up this summer that I think will be exciting for consumers and also, I know, exciting for our franchisees.
Ritch Allison: So if you look at the total year, our international unit openings were actually higher than they were last year. Fourth quarter was lower, but you might recall, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we had a tailwind in the openings coming from some of the conversions of Hallo pizza stores in Germany, which you may remember we were pushing really hard on in the fourth quarter of last year. I still feel very good looking forward about our 6% to 8% global unit growth that we've laid out for you as our two to three year outlook. And that's really driven by the strong four wall economics across the international business. To your question on the impact of the Coronavirus, today China is still a relatively small part of our overall portfolio in terms of store count and also in terms of retail sales. Now, as I highlighted in my comments earlier, China was a big contributor to store growth in 2019. As we look at what's happening over there with the Coronavirus today, I can tell you that I am really proud of how dash brands is handling things. You know, the number one priority right now is not sales or store openings in China. It is the help of our team members and our customers. At the present, we've got fewer than 20 stores that are closed in the market. All of those are temporary closures, none of them are permanent. But, with this virus there is a slowdown in the early part of the year in store openings. It's just inevitable. But I do not see this as a -- I don't see this as a long-term impact on the business. Obviously, our thoughts are with the citizens of China and our team members over there for this virus to get under control. But so some temporary impact, but I don't expect a long-term impact.
Ritch Allison: Hi, Sarah. So I'll try to clarify a little bit. When I say level off, I mean relative to the second half of '18 and the first half of '19, when we saw significant push of aggregators into new cities across the country and significant incremental spending on advertising both traditional media and digital and significant increases in discounting in the marketplace. All of that stuff is still there. We just didn't see more of a ramp up, like we had seen on some of the previous quarter. So think about it as the pressure is all still there. It's just not -- we didn't see it as elevating on us from Q3. Now we don't know, what's going to happen in 2020. I'm just going to be honest with you. We don't know how these folks are going to behave. The best metaphor I can think of as they're standing in a circular firing squad right now and they were going to continue to keep advertising going to continue to keep discounting because I don't think they have any choice. And so we expect to while we're not in the middle of the firing squad, we might get hit by a few stray bullets along the way. And, we just don't know exactly yet how to quantify that. So that's why, the 2% to 5%, it is a 2 to 3 year outlook. We're not moving it around quarter-to-quarter. We feel like if we can operate in that range, we got a really healthy business model that can deliver growth and profits for our franchisees and can reward our shareholders along the way.
Ritch Allison: Yes. And I've actually -- I've personally been out in quite a few stores over the last couple of weeks talking with our franchisees and with our store managers as we roll out the GPS technology, getting a very, very positive reception out among our operators. Because it is helping them to better manage what is a really complex process around getting food out of the store and to customers. So knowing exactly where the drivers are, knowing when they are close to the store in terms of their returns, enables us to get pizzas ready and in the hands of those drivers and out the door quickly. So we're seeing some reduction in turn times. It's still very early, but some reduction in turn times, in the stores that have really adopted this new technology. And as I look forward and as I think about it, there are two sides to the GPS. One is the consumer side. And if we're honest with ourselves, GPS on the consumer side, it really is a me too thing that we've got there. I mean, you've got GPS anytime you get an Uber or Lyft and competitors have that in place as well. It's important for customers and we have to have it for them. But the real benefit in my mind from GPS is how it will change the way we operate and run the delivery business inside our stores for our managers, but also for our drivers because historically a driver needed three to six months to learn the delivery area. Well, we can accelerate the training of those drivers with GPS in hand. They already know the fastest route to get a pizza to our customers, so more to come on that. It's still early, but I'm excited about where we are today.
Ritch Allison: Sure. So yes, there are a lot and as you guys look across the restaurant landscape, I'm sure all of you see a lot of labor cost pressure out there in the marketplace and it's not uniform as you know. It is concentrated along the coast and in states where we've seen significant minimum wage increases over time. So our franchisees just like restaurant operators across the industry are dealing with those cost pressures. In terms of efficiencies, there are a number of things that we're working on. GPS is one of them that we were just talking about whereby we're trying to shrink the turn time on orders, which provides labor efficiency. We have been piloting in our corporate store business some AI-based labor scheduling algorithms to try to make sure that we are using the right number of hours in each of our stores and there is a lot of inefficiency in our system today if we're honest with ourselves about that. So, a lot of things that are going on there. We're taking a look at with our Innovation Garage which some of you were able to come see. We're looking at every aspect of how we set up and operate our stores, because it is a game of steps and pennies and seconds and we're trying to focus on all of those as we look for ways to help our operators be successful.
Ritch Allison: Yes, David, be happy to. What I can tell you is, on our delivery service today, we're as good as we've ever been on delivery. But we're not good enough for the future. This is how I would describe it. So, business was founded on this kind of 30-minute promise decades ago. Well, I think as we look forward, when you can get anything, food or otherwise delivered, we've got to be the absolute best at it. And so we're working with our franchisees, fortressing is obviously a part of that and fortress stores we see a reduction of about 2 minutes on average in delivery time versus those non-fortress territories. But that's not all of it. It's using technology like GPS. We now have technology in our stores that enable us to get pizzas in the oven much faster based on what customers are ordering digitally. So we're taking a look at every aspect of it. Paramount to all of that obviously is safely getting that product to the customer. But, we're looking at ways to take out time through every step of the process from the time you open that app to the time that pizza shows up to your door.
Ritch Allison: The correlation is very strong between averaged delivery times and the sales per household, which is a great measure of customer repeat purchase. So, yes. And I'll tell you, when you get down to -- and we have a number of operators across the U.S. today that are delivering in under 20 minutes on average. When you get below 20 minutes, the inflection in the curve is dramatic.
Ritch Allison: So, on the first question, Greg, I won't speculate on NPC. It is a really tough operating environment out there in the restaurant industry as we talked about earlier from a cost standpoint. And I can tell you that if we were not growing our sales, profit would be declining. As we talked about, we had pretty good same-store sales growth in 2019. And we expect our store level profits to be roughly flat. So you've got to grow in order to continue to compete and thrive in the business. Given our footprint 6,000 plus stores across the U.S, certainly, we've got territories that overlap with that franchisees units. But, we don't focus this pretty much specifically on one franchisee of a competing brand or frankly even one competing brand, we're out there 5 per share in every community that we operate in across the country. I'm going to let Jeff take the second question around the franchisee leverage.
Ritch Allison: Yes. Chris, it's been a core part of the message now for 10 years. Since we first launched 599 and then we really doubled down on it with 799 around the carryout business. So it's going to continue to be a core part of it. And I think the additional element of this that comes into play I think -- when we think about how we compete against the third parties will be the delivery fee component of it relative to what the third parties are charging customers to have food delivered. There's been a lot of promotional activity in that space with free delivery and for your first order and all those sorts of things. So we've yet to fully see how it shakes out. But when we take a look at the value proposition of feeding a family of four with Domino's inclusive of delivery charges, we feel really good about how that stacks up against what you would pay to have virtually any other type of food delivered to you via a third-party.
Ritch Allison: Hey, John, it's Ritch. So we were pleased with the growth in the loyalty program. As you'll recall, in 2018 we passed the 20 million active member mark and in 2019, we passed the 25 million mark. So it continues to grow and resonate with customers. The tailwind impact on sales that you get for loyalty does decline over time. So in '19 its nowhere near what you would have seen in '16 and '17 right after we launched the program. And we're always looking at ways that we might be able to enhance it over time. We ran our Points for Pies campaign in the first part of this year to find another way to give value to our customers and we're going to keep looking at ways to grow and enhance it, because any loyalty program does have a bit of a half-life to it and you have to keep feeding it for it to continue to deliver results.
Ritch Allison: Yes. So, franchisees, Brett, continue to ask for help around technology and that's something that we brought to the system time and time again. I mean, ultimately it is the franchisees job to serve their customers to hire and staff their teams, to motivate and grow and develop their team members. But we as the brand overall can bring technologies to bear that help them run their businesses more efficiently. So that's why you see, GPS as an example that we've rolled out, that's something that franchisees were hungry for and eager for us to bring to bear. Ultimately franchisees want to grow sales and profits. So our dialog with them outside of specific things like technology is always around how do we work together to continue to grow the system in a healthy and profitable way.
Ritch Allison: I'll try to take that one. The answer on carryout around, are we going to do more to drive that business. The answer is absolutely because we see it as a huge opportunity for us. The trends on a transaction basis, it's 2.5x the number of transactions that are in the delivery segment in the U.S. And I think we've got more opportunities to drive it. We started with this 799 hero offer. We expanded that toward the end of last year to include all five of our crust types that really resonated. So we are definitely thinking about what are the other products or opportunities that we could roll into what is already a great value offer for our customers. We're working hard on technologies to take friction out of the carryout experience. We've got more than 600 of our stores in the U.S. now that have pickup windows, where a customer can pull right up to the window and have the pizza handed through to them as opposed to getting out of the car potentially with the kids and trying to come into the store and pick them up. So we're looking for more and more ways to make it seamless. Pie Pass let's them to jump the line. Get up to the front, get the pizza handed to them and everybody likes to see their name on a screen. If I'm feeling lonely, I'd order carryout and I go into Domino's and I'd love to see Ritch up on the screen in the store. And then to the second part of your question and it is a really interesting question about this competitor shift. So what we see happening in the industry is a huge increase in delivery, but no incremental restaurant transactions rolling in. So sure there is shift across some brands, there is most certainly shift across channels. And if you look at that, particularly in the high wage markets in the U.S., if you're trading drive-through business or pick up business for delivery business, then you are moving your customers to a higher cost channel to serve. So when we think about how we're going to grow our business and continue to have a very profitable base of franchisees; we got to hold serve and defend that delivery side of the business, but we are pushing hard on carryout, because as you approach $13, $14, $15, $16 an hour labor, that carryout business becomes the profit engine over time.
Ritch Allison: Yes, John, great question. We're spending a lot of time on this. And it's one of the main reasons we built that Innovation Garage in our backyard over here, so that we could accelerate some of these operational efficiency initiatives. I talked about GPS a bit, our AI work and machine learning around team member scheduling, which we've been working hard on in our corporate stores to more efficiently schedule, not only to get improvements and in the pilots, we've done, not only does it result in lower labor costs, but it also results in better service levels. So there is a win-win there on having the right number of team members in the store at the right time. We're also looking at other things that we've done for years and years in our business and asking ourselves if we need to keep doing them? And some of these things are lessons that we learned from our international markets. We've got more than 1,000 stores outside the U.S. that don't pre-fold any pizza boxes. For example, which requires a pretty decent amount of labor in the store to do that and we're taking a look at things like that and testing them in our corporate store business. We're looking at the equipment that we use and how that equipment is positioned in our stores, how we think about preparing our stores for the rush which comes at us at dinner time, every night. So we're breaking down every aspect of the operation to try to find opportunities for efficiency because we know that labor costs are only going up over time. I'm willing to bet that in my business career no state or municipality is going to lower minimum wage. So we got to be prepared to operate in an environment where costs are going to go up and the customers' willingness to pay does not go up linearly with your cost to provide them with that service.
Ritch Allison: Yes. So certainly our active loyalty members buy from us a bit more often than our non-active. So that's a big driver of why we want to get them into the program. I think we've got a lot of opportunity to continue to drive the program particularly around this growing carryout side of our business, which as I mentioned earlier, digital is not as entrenched in that business as it is with our delivery customers. So we're looking for ways to make the carryout experience digital, experience more helpful and more convenient to our customers as we try to continue to drive adoption that way. You also asked a bit about how do we use the data, how do we get more targeted? This is an area where we're early stage right now, but spending a lot of time and energy. Looking at that data set, not just of the 25 million active, but the 40 plus that are enrolled and the 85 plus in our database to say how can we be more surgical and more relevant and how we present offers and opportunities to our customers. And I think we're on the very early stage of becoming effective in that area Jeff.
Ritch Allison: Yes. Andrew, it's Ritch. We take every, every competitor that enters very seriously. And I think for us, it just further reinforces that we and our system have to stay very focused on value. And as we take a look at what the all-in delivered cost of the Domino's Pizza is, we still feel very good about the value that we can offer our consumers relative to any of the pizza players that have been or are now in delivery. But most certainly, we take every competitor seriously that comes into the business.
Ritch Allison: Yes, Todd. What I would tell you is that, it's not uniform across the 90 countries that we operate in. And if you start to break it down in the quarter, our emerging markets outperformed our more mature markets. So if you wanted to try to draw a line of distinction there always of course exceptions, but by and large, the emerging markets tended to outperform the more mature markets during the quarter.
Ritch Allison: Thank you, analysts, and thanks everybody. We really appreciate you joining the call this morning. Jeff and I look forward to speaking with you in late April as we discuss our first quarter 2020 results. Thanks.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. So there was a little bit of a noise in the G&A that I mentioned in my prepared remarks around again on a couple stores sales. Certainly, the New York sale being done earlier in the year helped you a little bit on the G&A line, but make no mistake, we leaned in real heavy on additional financial discipline during 2019. And I think you see the flow through really coming through both in EBITDA and free cash flow. We were able to ratchet down CapEx a little bit more than we thought we were going to originally. But having said all that, I think the most important thing is that Ritch and the other leaders in the business, we still all invested in all the strategic initiatives that we really think will continue to drive the long game in the business. So we took advantage of where we thought there was opportunity. We squeezed it down a little bit, but the level of investment and the seriousness at which we will continue and have continued to invest in supply chain capacity, technological innovation and really a customer centered great experience that hasn't slowed down in 2019 and I don't think you'll see that slow down going forward.
Jeff Lawrence: Hey Lauren, it's Jeff. I'll take the first one and then I'll kick it over to Ritch on the GPS. As far as the comp in Q4, the carryout business just was on fire in a greater way. [Indiscernible] and hard into that strategically given our franchise operators the tools and the technology to really make the most of it. And as Ritch mentioned earlier, really advertising heavily behind it. It's what a big cross section of our customers really want. We're getting better at carryout every day that we focus on it and really saw a big surge in the comp for carryout. On the delivery side, tougher competitive environment there. It did sequentially improve over Q3. So we definitely feel like the value that we can provide to our delivery customers in that segment remains very, very strong. And we were pleased to see the resiliency in that business. So I'm glad we're in both of those businesses. Going to continue to invest heavily behind them in advertising technology. The consumer experience but carryout did a little bit better than delivery date in Q4 and I'll kick it over to Ritch on the GPS commentary.
Jeff Lawrence: Hey, Greg. Good morning. On the franchise leverage in the U.S., we're very fortunate that nearly 800 independent franchisees submit to us their P&Ls, their balance sheets on a regular basis. So we have a pretty good understanding of where they're at. And what I would tell you is, we don't believe that that's a significant risk for our U.S. business and not just because they enjoy the best model and economics that they've earned alongside of us. But because they -- in our opinion, they use a little bit of leverage responsibly. So not a big risk for us as we think about getting to those 25,000 units around the world.
Jeff Lawrence: Hey. Thanks for the question. This is Jeff. I'll take a shot at this one. On the mix of the two businesses in Q4 again, carryout is just performing extraordinarily well for us. We're in our 60th year of the existence in a lot of ways. We were kind of an accidental carryout company for maybe the first 50 years or so. But with the strategic insight around where the pizza industry was going, really trying to address better the consumer needs about that separate occasion, and they are separate occasions. I think people sometimes conflict the two, but our research says, I think our results show that a carryout customer is absolutely different from a delivery customer. Off lean and into that, as Ritch just mentioned we're many, many years now into the 799 large three topping carryout special, which is all we can get every day of the week. Customers really like it and is really helping to drive some outperformance that you're seeing drop to the bottom in the total comp. On the delivery side of the business, obviously highly competitive food delivery marketplace it's very dynamic over the last year plus there, but our franchisees in our corporate stores are holding their own there. The value proposition really shine and through with the 599 Mix & Match offer and as Ritch mentioned multiple times over multiple calls, the focus on service and making sure that we're delighting our customers really helps us capture that long-term value of the customer. So we were super excited to see the sequential improvement Q4 over Q3 on delivery. So that's what I'd say overall on that. As it relates to fortress stores versus the stores that have kind of been split with our territory, it's really the same stuff that we've told you. The carryout in the new store, the fortress store almost 100% more than 90% incremental. That's what the data shows that we are reaching customers that simply weren't enjoying the Domino's brand there. So that's a really important part of the financial equation to get those franchisees excited about the investment opportunity. The delivery side of the business, certainly we are picking up new addresses, but the addresses that are shifting from an old store to a new store, were simply getting it safely to the customer and better service time there. So, it's really gelling together, our franchisees remain super excited about it and we're going to continue to grow as fast as we can on that strategy.
