Ritch Allison: Sure. Thanks, Brian. I appreciate the question. And our new outlook that we've published is a two to three year look. But specifically to your question on the unit growth, we were really pleased to see some significant momentum building in the fourth quarter of the year, as you saw in the store growth numbers that we published, both for the US business and for the international business. And the reality is there was a lot of pent-up demand out there throughout the course of the year where we just had challenges getting stores opened up due to construction and permitting and other issues. But the fundamental unit level economics in the business have never been better. Stu shared a preliminary look at US store level EBITDA last month. And as we tabulate the final numbers, we expect it to be at least that 158,000 or higher. So terrific economics in the business. Our approach to fortressing in the US and in our international markets is still working very, very well for us. And then as it relates to the global retail sales growth number, while COVID gave us some tailwind on that in the US, it was actually a headwind in the international side of the business when you look at all the temporary store closures that we had back in the second quarter, where we were up around 2,400 units that were closed, which had a significant impact, as you know, on retail sales back then. So we're optimistic, Brian, as we look forward, and that optimism is reflected in that new outlook that we published this morning.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Thanks, Sara. And what I'll - as I answer your question, I'll break it down a bit across the two businesses that we run out of each of our boxes across the country. So if you start with the delivery business, most certainly, the pandemic brought a tailwind in the delivery business, not just for Domino's Pizza, but across the category, and frankly, across categories. And during the year, we saw strong growth in both order counts and also growth in ticket in that delivery business as customers tended to order more pizzas. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we also saw that, in particular, our 27 million active loyalty members ordered more from us. Their frequency increased during the year. If you contrast that with the carryout business, in the carryout business, COVID actually brought a headwind for us in terms of customer activity. As fewer customers during the pandemic were comfortable going out and walking into restaurants even to pick up carryout, we did see some pressure on order counts in the carryout business. And the growth story there in 2020 was really around ticket. Now prior to the pandemic, that carryout business has been a terrific source of customer acquisition and order count growth for us. So as we look forward into 2021, that is one of the important drivers that we see in terms of our ability to continue to grow sales in the US, is the restart of that growth on the carryout side of the business.
Ritch Allison: Yes. Chris, great question. And the answer is we've been investing for a long time, and we continue to increase that investment each and every year in technology, because you're absolutely right. The half life of any lead that you have is pretty short on that side of the business. And our investments will continue. They did in 2020 and will continue going forward. We're continuing to make great progress with the development of our next-generation of our Pulse software, which is really the heartbeat of our stores. We're continuing to invest in our digital ordering platforms as well. And we saw a really nice growth in digital ordering. During 2020, our digital sales for the year went up about 5 points over 2019. We ran about 75% digital sales throughout 2020. So we will continue to make investments there to drive the business on the customer side. We're also ramping up our investments in technology as it relates to how we operate our stores. So I've talked a little bit about GPS tracking. We invested in that in 2020, substantially rolled that out across the entire US system. We'll continue to invest there, and also additional technology tools at the make line and at the cut table inside our stores to make the jobs easier for our team members and to help us to get pizzas out the door faster to our customers.
Ritch Allison: Hey, Lauren, we can't hear you here. I wonder if you could start over maybe a little closer to your mic.
Ritch Allison: Hey, John, yes, thanks for the question. And I guess, what I would say at a high level is that, we see a lot of - even with the tailwind that we had in 2020 in the delivery business, we had a headwind on the carryout side of the business, as I talked about earlier. So when I look across 2021, one important growth driver for us is going to be to reaccelerate that growth on the carryout side of the business, because we know lapping some of the delivery tailwind is going to be difficult. We're also going to continue to invest in value in the business, as we always have and making sure that as our customers continue to manage their households through what is going to be a fairly difficult economic time for a lot of Americans, we believe that continuing to stay focused on value is also going to help us. As a lot of folks who have been paying a lot to have food delivered to their houses, as behaviors start to change and other options open up. We're going to continue to have Domino's as the unquestioned value leader in the QSR pizza segment. And frankly, broadly across the restaurant industry, when you think about what it costs to have food delivered to feed a family of four, we really like our positioning in that space. We'll also look throughout the year to reinitiate some of our boost weeks, our aggressive value weeks that have been an important part of our strategy to acquire customers, over the last number of years. So we're not going to do anything, John, just a lap a comp that’s not how we manage the business here. Everything that we do is going to be around how do, we continue to drive sustained and profitable long-term growth for our franchisees and ourselves.
Ritch Allison: John, less - we see kind of less, I guess, you would say, less trends about region in the country, but what we - when you take a look at urban stores versus second city or suburban or rural, our business has been strongest in that rural and suburban area. It really is the urban centers where we've seen the most pressure on our business, frankly, across the carryout and the delivery businesses.
Ritch Allison: Sure. So David - and I hope I have a lot of quarters where I can talk about an 11% comp. So we're pretty proud of the comp as it is. But I will talk a little bit about some of the deceleration relative to the third quarter. And there is a couple of things. One is that there is no question that the stimulus dollars and the enhanced federal unemployment insurance certainly puts money in consumers' pockets and allows them to go out and buy food. And as we move further and further away in the fourth quarter from that stimulus that had been enacted earlier in the year most certainly, that had an impact on our business. As we continue to aggressively open stores, as that accelerated, certainly, the impact of some of those splits weighs a little bit on the comp. And then frankly, as we got deeper into the fourth quarter and you started to see the COVID-19 pandemic in a significant resurgence across the country, that has a material impact on the carryout business when folks get less comfortable getting out in their cars and going to visit places of business.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Thanks, Peter. Well, we've been working really hard on service times across the business. And what I'll tell you is that, when we got the initial rush of demand back in the second quarter, we certainly saw our service times suffer a little bit. But team, both on the corporate store side and our franchisees as well, worked really hard to claw back and improve those times relative to the first wave of the pandemic. Service time improvement is going to continue to be a significant not just in 2021, quite frankly, but longer-term effort for us, that really is one of the important moats that we have to build around our business. And fortressing is certainly a big part of that. And we do continue to see, where we fortress our markets, we do see service time improvements, material improvements as we shrink the radius around the stores, allowing us to travel fewer miles and get to our customers with not just faster, but hotter, fresher food.
Ritch Allison: Yes, John. I think what we saw in 2020 was just broad growth across the category. So while we had terrific growth in our delivery business, there was broadly across the category a lot of growth. A lot of independents that maybe didn't have a big delivery business back in ‘18 and ‘19, they jumped with both feet into delivery to stay alive in 2020. And through the use of third-party aggregators to deliver their product, that certainly resulted in some delivery growth coming from some of the independents and regionals that maybe wasn't there in the past.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Eric. So the interesting thing is, today, as it relates to wage environment, we've operated in a really wide spectrum of wage rates across the country as it is today. And I know minimum wage, in particular, is certainly a topic that everybody is thinking about out there. But today, we operate in states that are at the federal minimum wage, all the way up to places like Seattle, which are already in excess of $15, $16 an hour. And we've still been able to offer the 5.99 and 7.99 platforms across the country. And there is a couple of things that enable us to do that. One is the volumes that we run at, there's no way you can stay at that value level without having a high volume business like we have today. Second is that our franchisees at the local level have flexibility around menu pricing and around delivery fees. And their transparent delivery fees at the local level, they're going to be higher in these higher wage markets than they are in some of the others. So we've been able to manage our way through a lot of minimum wage increases across the country. And I'll tell you, quite honestly, in our corporate store business, we're not paying the federal minimum wage anyway. You can't go out there and hire people at that rate anyway. We're above the minimum wage, both for our folks that work inside the stores and our tip drivers on the road. And then in our supply chain business, we're in excess of $15 an hour everywhere we operate.
Ritch Allison: Yes, Lauren, for us, it's I guess, a little bit less about regulatory. I think for us, we -- be honest, we struggled a little bit understanding the long-term economics in some of the aggregator businesses. In 60-years, we've never made a dollar delivering a pizza. We make money on the product, but we don't make money on the delivery. So we're just not sure how others do it. And in a world where we're trying to shrink our delivery area to get closer to our customer for better service, a lot of these third-parties are trying to expand to reach more customers, which we think just takes away from service. And when you think about the profit equation, you get somebody who inserts themselves into the value chain, and they have to make their money somewhere. And it's either got to come from the restaurant or it has to come from the customer. And we think overtime, that's going to put a lot of pressure, particularly on the independent restaurants to be able to continue to make margins in rising cost environments, while paying these aggregators. And the customers overtime are going to start looking at the free delivery that cost them $15 to get $12 worth of food when they start digging in to look at service fees and service charges. So we're just not sure how it all plays out. And you've seen that with some of some of the public players in that space who have commented about the challenge of driving long-term profitability as an aggregator. So for us, we continue to just be the low-cost delivery provider, provide great value. And we think as long as we're providing a great product with great service at a great value, we'll let everything else shake out. And certainly, we don't know how long it will take to all shake out. But from our perspective, we're in a pretty good spot.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I'll talk about loyalty, maybe just even a little bit more broadly because there were a couple of metrics that I shared earlier that I think are important on this front. One is the increase in the number of active members of our piece of the pie rewards program, which was up to 27 million plus. We also saw an increase in engagement and frequency among that group as well, which is a big focus of ours. Once that program gets to that level of scale, 27 million plus. And we've got - beyond that, we've got 40 million plus that at some point have been enrolled in the program, and we've got 80 million plus customers that are in our database. So we spent a lot of time on initiatives thinking about how can we continue to mine that treasure of customers and find ways to better serve them at their time of need to drive higher frequency. Another metric I shared earlier that is also important is, the increase that we saw in digital engagement with our customers, with digital sales going up from 70% to 75% during the year broadly across the customer base that see another opportunity because those customers tend - our ticket tends to be higher because we do a better job with upsell on them. And once they start ordering digitally, they tend to be stickier with us over the long-term. So we'll continue, as we always do, many efforts focused in that space. And then you asked about new products also. We had, as I mentioned earlier, three that we successfully launched in 2020 and that's going to continue to be part of our playbook going forward. We've got some exciting things that our culinary team has been working on that I certainly like, and based on our testing, a lot of our customers do as been working on that I well. So you'll see some more news coming from us in that space during 2021 as well.
Ritch Allison: Yes. It's a great question. And prior to the pandemic, we had taken the carryout mix up to about 45% of our orders. And that mix came down a bit during COVID, as we talked about earlier, given just the changing customer behaviors. We are very much focused on growing that carryout business in 2021 and forward. And while the ticket is lower on a carryout order, to your point, there's so much less labor cost associated with each of those carryout orders. That the higher the average hourly labor rate gets in your market, the more of the profitability equation tilts toward those carryout orders. And this is something that we've seen, frankly, in some of our international markets as well which have much higher labor costs than the US does. Driving that carryout business has been a really important part of continuing to grow profitability at the store level for our franchisees.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Great question. What I would tell you is that we have such a fantastic base of franchisees across the US who are excited and eager to lean in, in 2021. And that's in a couple of ways. One that you mentioned, adding team members to their stores. I can tell you that everyone I go out there and talk to is aggressively trying to hire and add to their teams. Because funny thing happens when you add more delivery drivers to your business, your sales go up over time. But also, franchisees are also excited about continuing to invest in their businesses and in building new stores. Because as we continue to grow sales and as profits have increased, the equation around those new store openings, particularly when we've got places where we're fortressing or splitting, gets even more attractive. So we've got a committed group that's ready to lean in and invest in 2021.
Ritch Allison: Yes, Jeff. We've looked at it many, many times over the last couple of years. And as some of our international markets do gather some of their orders through aggregators. We don't allow aggregators to deliver our food anywhere. But in some context, in our international markets, it's made some sense. Every time we look at it here in the US, it just doesn't make sense for us or our franchisees economically. And if it doesn't make sense economically, it certainly doesn't make sense to take the risk of sharing all of our customer data with these third parties.
Ritch Allison: Yes. Sure, David. So the way we look at it is, we are executing against strategies to continue to drive market share in both segments of the business, both the delivery and the carryout segments. And certainly, 2020 was a very unique year in terms of how some of this shifted around, in particular, with so many restaurants jumping into delivery, and frankly, with so many consumers having no choice but to go pick up food or have it delivered. But we feel very good about the plans and strategies that our teams have put in place to continue driving market share in both of those segments of our business.
Ritch Allison: Thanks, Jared. Yes, story has been the same. We've really had some downward pressure on that evening and late night day part, really throughout the pandemic, with dinner and lunch staying really strong.
Ritch Allison: Yes. Jeff, we're really excited about Domino's Carside delivery. And this is something that didn't even exist at the beginning of 2020. It was an idea, a concept that the team just pulled forward and accelerated the development on. And now we've fully rolled out across our system. And not only has it helped us in the pandemic to do safe carryout for customers.  But frankly, over the long haul, we look at Carside delivery as the way we will compete against the drive-through. We've only got about 10% or so of our Domino's in the US to have a drive-through window. So this is a great way for us to serve customers without them getting out of their cars.  Post the rollout, we have continued to improve our service times in Carside delivery. And our aspiration here, which is well within reach, is that we get to a point where you can get a Carside delivery at Domino's faster than you can wait in line at a QSR drive-through to get your food through the window.  And to your point on mix, we don't - we're not sharing that externally yet for competitive reasons. But we have seen a dramatic increase in customer usage of Domino's Carside delivery since we launched it. And part of our 2020 plans are going to be to drive that even higher.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Andrew. So part of it is, with these types of programs, as they get bigger and bigger, the growth in active membership gets more difficult year-on-year. But a couple of things that we were most pleased with when we look back at the loyalty program over 2020 was, one, that we grew it without in the final three quarters, the use of any of our more aggressive boost weeks, which are an important tool to drive customer acquisition. And then the second thing is that we were able to grow the number of customers active in the program, while also still growing the frequency with which those customers order. And when you take a look at driving volume in the business, it really is those two metrics in combination with one another that drive the overall increase in engagement and sales with those loyal customers.
Ritch Allison: Yes. We did terrific year on franchisee profitability in 2020. And what it's really driven by, it is driven by increasing order counts across the business, particularly on the delivery side of the business. But also increasing ticket, but smart ticket, not increases in prices, but increases in the number of items that customers bought on average for each of their orders. So even in the face of some increases in labor costs and other fixed costs in the business, it really is that volume increase that drove the uptick in profitability during the year.
Ritch Allison: Sure, sure. And the objective for us will be to grow both of those channels. COVID, we don't have all the data out of COVID yet to fully understand all of the customer behavior changes. But prior to COVID, there is only about 15% of customers that were both delivery and carryout, because customers tend to be one or the other. So as we look at the business going forward and think about how do we grow it in 2021 and beyond, it is going to be through a unique set of strategies around each of those two channels. So while we're certainly going to be aggressive on the carryout side with Domino's car side delivery and other initiatives that we have in place, we absolutely are not stepping away from the delivery side of the business also. And we've got a set of strategies that we're going to continue to execute on the delivery side as well so that we could hold on to those customers that we gained during the course of 2020.
Ritch Allison: And typically, it's just slightly - a little bit lower item count in those orders as well. But both channels, very attractive and profitable businesses for our franchisees.
Ritch Allison: Thank you. And listen, thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call this morning. And Stu and I look forward to speaking with you in late April, when we'll discuss our first quarter 2021 results.
Stu Levy: And the one thing I'd add to that is, keep in mind, I think, as we've said before, in a lot of cases, the carryout customer is different from the delivery customers. So it's not necessarily a shift from carryout to delivery with the same customer base. It's an increase in delivery and a headwind in carryout. And that's one of the reasons that we have such a high degree of confidence and kind of excitement about what that business can bring to us moving forward.
Stu Levy: And the only - the other thing I'd just add to that is, we also think we benefit from the fact that our store base is everywhere. We're not urban dominated or suburban dominated. We hit all markets. And when you hear folks talking about the wave of people that are going to rush back into dine-in restaurants, they're generally coming from a more densely populated urban perspective where those restaurants are more prevalent. As you start looking across the landscape and you look at that relative to our store footprint, it gives us a lot of confidence to be able to weather some of that.
Stu Levy: And on top of that, delivering our own food enables us to drive better service, right? Because we can go from the oven out the door without having to wait for a third-party to come in and pick it up.
Stu Levy: Yes. I mean, if you think about the offers, they've been -- we've had them for years. And every year, we basically have wage rate increases and food cost increases and continue to drive additional profit. And for us, it's - we do a ton of deep market research and analytics around where that profit maximizing price point is for us. So it's not - it's certainly not set arbitrarily. And that is certainly a place where we provide a ton of value to the consumer, and we've been able to do it profitably and continue to do so.
Stu Levy: And it's hard to really make a generalization on the independents because it really does vary market to market and area to area. And a lot of that data is not yet in or really hard to get. I do think, certainly, to the comments we made before on the aggregators where you have the smaller independents that jumped into delivery by using a third party, like I said, we have some questions about the viability of that long-term if you're an independent paying exorbitant fees for a third-party to step in your value chain. So when does that all shake out? Your guess is as good as ours.
Stu Levy: Yes. And that item - that uptick in the item count really basically gets you operating leverage in the store.
Stu Levy: We're not looking at it so much as a shift from one or the other as it is a reemergence or kind of gaining back some of those carryout customers that have been on the sideline. The most notable difference, obviously, from a ticket perspective is just the delivery fee.
