Patrick Doyle: Hey Michael. Yes, it happened in the fourth quarter, so we are not going to talk about results from that. All I’ll tell you is we think it’s a terrific product. We spent a lot of time making sure we got it right, about three years in fact, and specifics around its performance, we’ll discuss in February once we are talking about the fourth quarter. But it did launch after the end of the third quarter, so nothing that I can talk about at this point.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, so generally we kind of look at where we are once a year and the longer-term guidance we are giving. You are right; on a trailing basis right now we are ahead of that 350 to 450 guidance. That’s obviously a good thing. If we were going to make a change, you would likely hear about it in January at our Investor Day.  And I’ll tell you, as you saw and as I’ve been saying a few quarters in a row, we keep looking at the international side of this, waiting for signs of weakness to appear out there, because clearly there has been slowdown, particularly in Europe, you probably saw the U.K. already released, they were up 3.7 same store sales in the third quarter, and it’s really the same story.  Things have held together nicely. We are very happy with 5% same store sales growth. Greece has continued to be weak. Spain has not been great, not horrible, but not great, but the rest of it has really held together nicely.  Now I guess what’s probably more important from a store growth standpoint is we track very carefully the kind of payback period on stores around the world, including the U.S. and the best indicator of store growth over the medium term is the ROI on those stores, and it continues to be very strong in international and in fact if anything, maybe getting stronger and we think that’s what generates store growth.  So as long as that trend continues, we feel pretty optimistic about store growth and as you pointed out, on a trailing 12-month basis right now, we are over the high end of our longer-term guidance.
Patrick Doyle: So a couple of parts. I mean first, we are happy that we had positive orders in the third quarter. It’s something we’ve been talking about, but we are still getting some ticket growth and we really feel like the order count growth is ultimately going to be the driver of the health of the business over the long-term.  In terms of Pan Pizza, yes, it’s $7.99, so it’s more expensive than the two for $5.99, but it is one pizza for $7.99 instead of two pizzas for $5.99, so there’s some kind of play in that. What I would tell you is our overall experience continues to be the same; order counts get driven by center of the plate items in the restaurant industry and for us, that’s pizza.  So selling a Pan Pizza or selling two mediums for $5.99 is going to tend to do better in general on order counts than when you’re talking more about side items. And so I made that comment before and I think that still holds true and clearly there’s got to be some balance in that, because selling sides are good for the profitability at the store level and as profits are better at the store level, then ultimately that’s going to generate better returns for our franchisees, which will hopefully generate some store growth.  So there’s always going to be a balance on that, but in general, I would tell you that when we are talking about pizza and promoting pizza, you are probably going to see on average a little bit more on the order count side.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, we did, a long time ago. Actually it pre-dated me. I’ve been here a little over 15 years now and the answer was, I don’t think we did it right. I think we didn’t take the time to make sure that it was the best possible pizza, and it’s really why we haven’t been a player in this category.  So I think the answer is we feel very good about this pizza. It’s a terrific pizza. Hopefully all of you have had it now. Hopefully, you’ve all had it more than once and we feel great about the quality and the taste of the pizza and I think when we did it in the past, I don’t think we got the product offering right.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. Look, it’s a great pizza and what we’ve learned over the three years is, it takes some time to get this right. It’s a thicker pizza, and you’ve got it in the pan. It requires a little bit more heat to cook it, and so balancing that out with the rest of your menu is a little bit of a trick, and that took us some time to get that right.  But other than that, I mean I’m not going to get into kind of speculation around where it’s going and kind of fourth-quarter commentary, but it’s a great pizza. And our view is at the end of the day, the quality of what you are selling is what’s going to drive sales and our learning has clearly been over the last three years, that if we come out with products that consumers are excited about and we take the time to make sure we are doing it right, then we are going to get good results out of that.  And Jeff, I’ve now forgotten what your first question was. Oh industry, right.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, so category; no, I don’t think the category is necessarily growing any faster than it was before. I think the answer is very similar to what I’ve said in the last couple of quarters, which is I think you are seeing finally some share gains by the larger players. So I think there is a little bit of growth in the category, but I think what you are seeing is the larger players are taking share from the regionals and smaller players.  You have seen some of that strain out there. I think on some of those smaller players, there was a small chain out in Boston that filed recently. But overall, I think it’s about share gains from the nationals versus the regionals and smaller players.
Patrick Doyle: Well, no. We consider everything and the answer is, we look at things hopefully the exact same way that our investors do. We run the numbers. We look at what we think is going to generate the best overall returns for our shareholders.  Clearly, again this past quarter the answer for us has been share repurchases and I guess the other thing is, like everybody else, we are kind of going to be waiting to see what the tax rate is on dividends and capital gains in January and that will play into our thinking as part of the way we look at the returns that are going to be generated for shareholders, keeping in mind that some shareholders are not going to be tax-paying entities, but we are going to run the numbers the same way we always have and it’s possible that those tax rate changes, if they happen, will then play into that as well.
Patrick Doyle: I think we’ve seen actually a little less growth on that this year and I mean overall, while we had some slightly positive orders in the third quarter, we didn’t get robust order growth yet in the third quarter, but it’s been a balance and while we did see more carry out growth in the previous couple of years, I think we’ve seen less of that this year.
Patrick Doyle: Well, we are pretty conservative about the amount of cash we keep on the balance sheet. It’s also a pretty short window in the third quarter. But no; I mean, it’s just something we are always looking at and I think we would up with a little bit more at the end of the third quarter than at the end of the second, but I wouldn’t read a lot into that.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, I’ll take the latter one first. No, I don’t think we necessarily were carrying that much more into the fourth quarter than the third. I think if I remember, somebody can check, we may have been up just slightly on our advertising fund reserves versus the prior year, but nothing really material on that Joe.  And in terms of the dynamics of the share gains, it’s a really interesting one. The real change has been the digital side and so I think your theory on that is a good one. As I look at it, there have always been kind of three things that Domino’s and our national competitors have brought to the table.  First, just the scale and what that means in terms of purchasing power; second is kind of brand strength and our ability to advertise and build our brands; and third is know-how around the business and systems that we’ve developed over decades that make our franchisees and store managers more successful at running the stores.  And personally I would have expected you would have seen more share gains over time from those things than you saw and the answer is, really over the course of a couple of decades, you have been seeing much in the way of share movement towards the national players in the pizza category and you are now seeing it, and it’s six or eight quarters in a row I think if you look at it, and I don’t know if that’s a long term trend yet, I hope it is.  But I think some of it may just have been the economic environment and the financial strength of the national players and their franchisees to kind of weather the storm and maybe come through it a bit more aggressively.  And the other part of it is as you say, technology, and the better customer experience, the efficiencies that that gives us in our business, and frankly the difficulty that regional and smaller players have in putting together an ordering platform, a digital ordering platform like we have.  So I don’t know the full answer and obviously, I don’t have as much insight into what competitors are doing and how their numbers look around that as I do from our own numbers, but I think it’s clearly playing into it and I think that is at least part of the reason that you are seeing some movement towards the national chains.
Patrick Doyle: I mean, we don’t really get into breaking down the quarter more finally, but the answer is overall it was a good quarter and pretty much everything we were doing worked for us. So I’m not going to get into the specifics around it, but it was a pretty strong quarter overall, kind of start to finish.
Patrick Doyle: We’ve certainly captured some of the opportunities that we were pursuing. But if you look at the labor productivity that we have in our corporate stores, there’s still a lot of things that we can do, but I don’t know that you’ll see those in the next quarter or two. I think what you saw this quarter is probably a more reflective of what you’ll see short term.
Patrick Doyle: Right now, we’ve still only got a few dozen of them out there. So we are very happy with kind of the initial reaction and response to it, but I want to be careful about kind of the statistical significance of what is still fewer than 50 stores. By the end of the year we are probably going to have a much more robust sample of those stores built and we’ll get more comfortable with what it’s doing in terms of better than average lift in those stores.  But the early read is certainly positive. We are happy with it. Consumers are happy with it, but I want to be careful about kind of projecting any early positives from that to a broader base until we’ve got a bigger sample out there, because you’re always going to have just that much more excitement from the early people that are adopting something and so I just want to be a little bit cautious about that, but overall, we are happy with it.
Patrick Doyle: Well, we don’t have a real history with pan yet, so we are going to find out on that. But we think we’ve got a great product. We’ve got a great pizza. The taste and quality is right. We think that the fact that we are making it fresh is a differentiator versus both the frozen pizza that people are buying in grocery stores, as well as some of our competitors and so we think it’s a compelling proposition, but time will tell.
Patrick Doyle: Right now, I’ll tell you that we think it’s going to be as Mike said, manageable, and so we’ll see as we get closer to it. There isn’t a lot of visibility out right now for us past kind of the first half of the year and for us, so much of it is driven by cheese, that it’s a little difficult right now to peg that strongly for the full year.  Cheese is a bit above where we’d expected it to be right now and our expectation is that we are probably going to see it back off somewhat, but we’ve got to see. But overall as we look at it, as Mike said, we think it’s manageable and kind of how we work through that, yet to be determined as we get a little more visibility on it.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, they clearly are better off financially. I mean, the overall store level profits are up materially from where they were three or four years ago. Some folks are still digging out a little bit from the downturn.  Good news is that availability of debt for larger players has gotten materially better, I think over the course of the past year and at very good pricing. The bad news is that availability of debt for smaller players is still pretty weak. So if you are a larger player with 20, 30, 40 stores that wants to borrow $1 million or more, there’s pretty good availability out there. If you are a two-store person looking to add a third store, debt availability is still pretty weak, and so that clearly still plays into it.  And look, our franchisees are exposed to the same things that all of us are as consumers and as business people, and the environment out there is still perceived as being a little bit wobbly. So there’s still a little bit of conservatism, but we’ve got a number of folks who are certainly getting much more aggressive about either building or doing some buying, and we think that ultimately will be a positive for us.
Patrick Doyle: I mean on average, our franchisees are just over four stores per franchisee. So I know we have fewer than 100 franchisees who have 10 or more stores in our domestic system. So you are still looking at a system that on general is still made up of smaller entrepreneurs, small business people, and fewer larger players.
Patrick Doyle: The consumer really decides that more than kind of the competitive situation and the answer is consumers are still relatively conservative. And to the extent to which we look at the competitive environment, I think it’s been pretty consistent over the course of the past kind of year or 18 months and from our standpoint, we are still seeing a consumer that’s being very careful with how they are spending money and we’ve got to continue to give them good value. So I don’t know that I see a whole lot of room on pricing out there.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, I think that the real answer on that is there are a whole lot of rules that are still kind of being worked through in DC and how much or how little we are going to get affected by PPACA is really going to be a function of those rules. So as they look at look-back periods and definitions of full-time or part-time and just a lot of things that still need to be worked through, that’s really going to drive the answer on it.  So it’s certainly something we are watching very carefully and I think until those rules are kind of settled, I can’t give you a real tight answer because that’s still going to drive a fair amount of variability on what that answer is going to be.
Patrick Doyle: No, I guess what I’d say is the overhang if you will, is uncertainty around the market in total. So it’s not around that as much as it’s around the overall economy, around what’s going to happen with tax rates. Just all of these things, I think kind of weigh on all of us and there’s a reasonable amount of uncertainty out there right now and so until we know what tax rates are going to be, until the election is over, until kind of rules are resolved on healthcare reform, all of those things, there’s some uncertainty out there and I think people, once there is more certainly, one way or the other people will get a little bit more aggressive again.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, so the answer is 40% of our delivery sales are digital and about a third of our total sales are digital. So clearly, as people are at home or at the office ordering, they are more likely to do it than if they are going to pick it up. And a little bit under 10% of our customers actually just walk into a store and order there on the spot and then wait for their pizza. So that’s a small part of our business, but that plays into kind of that mix differential as well.  So in terms of labor, the answer is some of the improvements in labor efficiency that you’ve seen have clearly come from a higher mix of digital orders and we are well into the range on those orders that that incremental business going to digital will drive some labor efficiencies.  I’ll tell you when we were first getting this going in digital, we didn’t see it as much for the first 10% or 15% of sales as we thought we were going to and then you could start to see it hitting. And in hindsight I guess it makes sense, until you kind of carved off enough of those orders, you look at it and say, are you really going to cut out hours from your schedule, and the answer is, we didn’t see as much of it early I think as maybe we thought we were going to. But at this level, it clearly drives some efficiencies for us and I’ll expect that that will continue as it grows.
Patrick Doyle: I don’t believe that they have released yet. And I think they are -- we are checking, but I think they are a couple of weeks.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, they are on a calendar quarter, so I think they are a couple of weeks out. But it’s Jubilant Foodworks and unless we can look it up faster than I can stall to give you the answer…
Patrick Doyle: Terrific. Well, I appreciate everybody getting on the call today. I look forward to reporting our fourth quarter results to you in February of next year. Thanks everybody.
