Jeff Lawrence: Thanks Sonia, and hello everyone. This is Jeff Lawrence, Chief Financial Officer of Domino's Pizza. Thank you for joining the call today to talk about the results of our first quarter of 2020. Given the unique circumstances created by the COVID-19 crisis throughout the world, in addition to discussing our first quarter results, we are also going to share with you some preliminary estimated results of the first few weeks of the second quarter. As you know, this call is primarily for our investor audience, so I kindly ask that all members of the media and others be in a listen-only mode throughout the call. If forward-looking statements are made today, I refer you to the Safe Harbor statement that you can find in this morning's release and the 10-Q. We will start with comments from Chief Executive Officer, Ritch Allison, followed by an update for me, then we'll go back to Ritch for closing remarks before taking analyst questions. We ask that our analysts limit themselves to one question during this call. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Ritch.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. Thanks, Matt. I hope you're well and I appreciate the question. You know, the first thing I would just caution everyone on is we don't know what the new normal is going to be. The information that we shared with you today, it's preliminary, it's estimated and it's the best that we can give you right now. But we wanted to give you our best shot at what we're seeing kind of live. So I'll break it down in kind of the three big buckets that I talked about during my prepared remarks. The biggest bucket that we expect - again, we don't know yet, we're only four weeks into a 12-week quarter here so a lot build out to happen in an uncertain environment, is the $15 million related to do in the right thing for the safety and well-being of our team members, our customers and our communities. This is the 10 million slices of pizza, this is masks and gloves, this is bonus pay for our frontline team members in our stores and in our supply chain centers and it's just stuff that we're proud to be able to do and it's going to have a pretty significant impact and we're okay with that, it's the right thing to do. I'd then try and to get into the next bucket, which is the international business has been clearly impacted more on the whole than our singular market of the U.S. business, right. It's an average there, they are not new markets there. There are lots of different things going on, but as we look at the first four weeks in the quarter two and known that we have again eight weeks to go, our best guess is that we're going to take a haircut of about $5 million in royalties. It could be higher, it could be lower, it's preliminary, but it's super dynamic and that's what we're seeing today. The last thing we could argue it's COVID-related or maybe indirectly COVID-related, but it's just the impact of FX and that want to I gave you at least a preliminary view for the whole year, $10 million kind of year-over-year of a bad guy there, again preliminary, estimated, don't know if that's going to be the number. But when you add all three of those up, it's - as we look today, it's a $30 million headwind. Some of it within our control and we're proud to do, some of it kind of happened into us. So that's the best we can give you right now. We'll continue to assess whether we give any additional business updates between now and July. We're not promising anything today, but for sure you'll hear more detail from us in July and by then I'll tell you and Ritch will tell you exactly what happened for the four, 12 weeks of Q2.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, James. Thanks for the question. We're trying to be as transparent as we can and I've given you guide, the peek into the consumer behavior at least during the first four weeks of Q2 here, but the insights aren't anymore fancies and kind of related out already. You can imagine that people that used to get around television to watch your favorite sporting event, those orders aren't there. If you are ordering in your sheltered in home with your family, those orders are larger, because you might be looking for some leftovers for the next couple of days. If you had an occasion that you'd buy pizza for the folks that you work with in an office building, those occasions are gone. So it's - it really is no more complicated than that, although I will still tell you it is early in this crisis. We just don't know how that consumer behavior will ebb and flow as we continue through this and get out of this. But what I can tell you as Ritch just alluded to is, we believe that the global pizza industry is super resilient. People are going to want to eat Pizza before, during and after this crisis. And there is no one better positioned with our franchise partners around the world to hopefully fill that demand than we do. So, we'll be there for all the occasions. We'll continue to more of our standard operating procedures as Ritch talked about to make sure that we give the consumers what they want now and in the future. Again being vertically integrated in tech, having real innovative business partners around the world give us a huge advantage versus a lot of the other competitors in the industry. So, we feel like if anybody can get it done, we can get it done and we're going to continue to put our customers first, our team members safe in all that we do.
Jeff Lawrence: Sure, John. We absolutely are seeing an uptick in new customers, and I'll talk about it on a couple of dimensions. You know, I am sure you know that we are seeing some folks trying us for the first time or trying us again just given the availability of restaurants and food types out there. We're getting, a shot with some customers that may be weren't doing business with us before. Also what we're seeing is we are getting new digital customers as well. The digital percentage of our business has ticked up pretty significantly in the last several weeks. I think I reported to you, for the fourth quarter, we touched 70% digital in recent weeks, we're running at 75%. And we've had at least one week where we were over 80% digital. So, that's also another benefit we're seeing is that customers are coming to that digital channel as we go into this contactless space that we're in. And we are absolutely actively working to - for that - we got the first order from that customer to get the second digital order and for those customers that are ordering digitally, actively working to migrate them to our Piece of the Pie Rewards loyalty platform as well. So, it's still early john. But certainly, we are seeing some opportunities with customers that we didn't have in the previous couple of months, leading up to COVID-19.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, Alton, thanks for repeating that. You know I want to be very clear and we want to be very clear that this crisis is not a time to lower the rates that we pay our valuable team members, and we don't think that way, our franchisees don't think that way. If anything we want to employ more people and as Ritch mentioned, we're paying a bonuses, we're paying them more. You know I'm a finance guy, I would think about efficiencies and things like that, but right now, quite frankly, it's not about that. For us it's about continuing to run as an essential service taking a very seriously hiring more people paying them more actually right now, giving people more jobs, that's really what we're focused on. We're proud of all of the small role that we are playing, keeping people employed and FAD. And we'll leave it for another data to get efficient on any kind of labor rate stuff.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, John. So again, very early, very dynamic, but as we look as we looked at period for the increase that we reported the 7.1% for the entire U.S. system, that's more ticket certainly than it was orders. But the important thing to remember here in this new environment is that the ticket part of the overall comp includes way more food now in the same order. So, when you think about - an order used to be in order, well now in orders kind of more than an order because people are - people looking to put some stuff in their zip lock bag. So again, early we're giving you as much as we can, trying to be as transparent as we can. But it's larger orders is what we're seeing so far and we're happy to get that to you in a safe contactless way.
Ritch Allison: Thank you, Jeff. I would now like to turn everyone's attention to our focus looking forward. Across the globe Domino's will remain steadfastly focused on the health and safety of our franchisees, team members and our customers. That is always priority one. We'll also remain focused on execution, service and value as we continue to navigate through these headwinds created by COVID-19. 2020 will continue to bring more uncertainty to the restaurant industry than any of us have ever experienced. And we do not have clear visibility into the duration and magnitude of the impact of this pandemic on our industry or our business and continue to assess each on an ongoing basis. We do expect that the sales impact will continue to vary greatly across the cities and communities in the U.S. and in our 90 markets around the world. Given general economic conditions, along with uncertain timing of the infection curve, the shelter and place orders, business interruptions, school and university closings and so many other factors make forecasting sales more difficult than ever. We do expect to see a significant impact on our store openings this year as construction and municipal permitting have slowed down dramatically during the crisis. We should have better visibility around unit growth in the months ahead. So given all of this, as noted in this morning's release, we are withdrawing our two to three year outlook for global retail sales growth, U.S. same-store sales growth, international same-store sales growth and global net unit growth. I want to be clear, do not mistake that as a lack of optimism about the Domino's brand and our business looking forward. I remain very optimistic about the long-term growth and success of our brand. There is just too much uncertainty in the current operating and economic environment for us to provide an outlook at this time. In this uncertain environment, you can rest assured that we are carefully managing our balance sheet, cash flow and all areas of the business to ensure that we are doing what we believe will help us best manage through the near-term and as always position ourselves for long-term success. We are committed as a brand and as a system to managing through COVID-19 and to emerging even stronger in the future. I have extraordinary confidence in our franchisees and in our teams around the world. There is simply no group of people that I would rather stand beside than the approximately 350,000 individuals that wear the Domino's logo. I am proud and I'm grateful to serve them each and every day. And now Jeff and I will be happy to take some of your questions.
Ritch Allison: Brian, it's Ritch. Thanks for the question. Yes, I think there are several things that we're seeing in recent weeks. And again, it is a very dynamic situation that we're all living in. But certainly, I think some of the improvement results from the fact that there was a lot of pantry loading that consumers did as the pandemic really first started to come to the U.S. And I think as we've seen in some of our Asian markets in particular that were more on the front end of this. As time goes forward, people start to get a bit tired of cooking and eating the same thing, some of the pantry loading that they've done, it starts to bleed down a bit over time. I also think we, and I suspect the rest of the industry, probably are seeing some near-term impact here from some of the stimulus dollars that have gone out. So there are some factors that I would characterize as being more outside of our control, but then I think that there are some things that are inside of our control. And if you've taken a look at what we've done as a brand over the course of the last three or four weeks, we have pivoted very quickly to implement contactless delivery and carry out procedures across our system to protect our team members and also to give our customers confidence in the experience that they will have with us. We pivoted our advertising quite significantly to focus on those important cues, which are very important to customers right now to have a safe and pleasurable food experience for their families. So, Brian, I think a combination of some factors outside of our control, but I think also some things that we're doing here at Domino's as well.
Ritch Allison: Yes, we are still planning to launch new product in 2020. And still anticipating to do that in the summer time. Obviously managing through a different operating environment today as we were to make that happen, but we are still targeting summer for that launch.
Ritch Allison: Sarah, it’s Ritch, thanks for the question. Yes, we are still assessing this literally day by day. As these is these patterns continue to evolve quite rapidly and Jeff highlighted some of them. Higher sales growth during the week than on the weekends. And I think a lot of that is driven by the fact that there are more families at home during the week, eating together. And then on by daypart, our late night business is down significantly, while lunch and dinner are much better. There just aren't evening gatherings of people or sporting events to watch and things like that. So, certainly those are having some impact. We haven't seen any discernible patterns across income categories as you asked, but interestingly enough, order sizes are up significantly and I think that's because more people are at home eating together, but also we're finding at Domino's and I think some of our peers in the restaurant industry are finding, people are ordering extra food to have leftovers around also, which is a really interesting dynamic in the market today. But it's really early Sara and one of the things about this COVID-19 phenomenon is at least for a period of time, I think it's appending a lot of the patterns that we have historically seen in our business and broadly across the restaurant industry. So we are watching it every day, every minute of every day and responding and adapting as we go.
Ritch Allison: Sure. I'm really proud Alex of our corporate stores and our franchisees who I think you've just done a tremendous job with their operations in responding to this crisis. As I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks, we've taken 60 years worth of standard operating procedures and we've had to rewrite a good many of them in just the last six weeks around contactless delivery and carryout, no sitting down and dining in our stores, our drive up carryout feature, which we've now been rolling out aggressively across the country. And our franchisees and corporate stores have responded and done a terrific job even despite the more recent increases in sales, they've done a very good job of continuing to provide high levels of safe and responsive service out there to our customers.
Ritch Allison: Yes. Nick. So our unit growth here in the U.S. near term, it really is all about just the slowdown in construction and permitting in terms of the near-term slowdown in the openings. No fundamental changes as we look out over the medium to long term, in terms of the appetite of franchisees to open stores in the U.S. Stores over the medium and long-term are going to open based on strong unit level economics as they always have. Certainly, we are taking a look as we look out through the remainder of the year and into next, and trying to assess what incremental opportunities might be available because of some of the changing dynamics in the real estate market and whether or not that means some sites are - may become available that weren't before or also some opportunities potentially around how we think about lease extensions and rent opportunities going forward. It has been a pretty tight real estate market for a while now and we don't know exactly how much that's going to open up, but our guess is that it probably does open up a bit as we look out in the medium to long term.
Ritch Allison: Yes, it is still really early to tell because we don't know. When we take a look across the restaurant landscape, there are a lot of restaurants out there that are not open right now. And we don't know how many of those honestly are temporary and how many of those will turn into permanent closures. And I tell you know, I did a lot of independent restaurants out there so I think the last thing any of us in the industry want to see is a lot of independent restaurant closures. We do - here at Domino's, we do believe that we are a pretty resilient brand. In a time like this, I think the positioning that we have as delivery and carryout player has certainly helped us in the early part of this crisis. And I think will continue to help us because I don't think consumers are going to snap right back to the old patterns and behaviors. I think the capability that we're building in contactless delivery and contactless carryout I think are going to continue to be important for many months to come, when we think about how this ultimately evolves. So as we think about the capabilities that we're putting in place today, it's not just to be competitive in the next couple of months. It really is to set ourselves up in what may end up being the new normal in our industry.
Ritch Allison: So, yes Lauren, right now contactless delivery is the only type of delivery that we do in the U.S. We've actually made it mandatory across the country. And I do think that even at a point if we pull back on that and no longer mandate it, we are still going to offer it to the customer, because I think for some extended period of time, there is going to be some portion of the customer base that is going to want that contactless experience in delivery and/or in the carryout side of the business. As it relates to the economics around contactless, we have - we've just rolled out an innovation we call the Pizza Pedestal, which is a pretty simple cardboard pedestal so that our delivery experts don't put your pizza directly on the ground or on some other surface that we don't know if it's been cleaned or not. So there are some minor costs associated with things like that. In addition to the actual physical operation of contactless, I'm also incredibly proud of our technology and innovation teams who have rapidly moved to bring that contactless experience to the customers' handheld device or however they choose to order from us. And that includes some rapid innovation also to make tipping of our delivery experts easier and more prominent in the ordering experience, because the last thing that we want to see come out of this is any of our delivery experts to see a decline in income as customers move away from cash transactions and more toward digital and either credit or debit card transactions.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Greg. So on China, we did see a pattern early on in the pandemic where China sales were pressured, but we have seen positive sales in China and improvement in the latter part of the first quarter and in here into the early weeks of the second quarter. And I got to tell you I am incredibly proud of our team in China. Much of what we are doing across our 17,000 store footprint was based on innovations around contactless delivery that our team in China brought forward. So really, really proud of not only their business performance, but also how they have contributed to our system. And then in terms of regional differences, the answer is yes. We've seen all kinds of differences and it really is based on how this pandemic has moved across the country with the pace of that movement and the severity of its impact in different places. If you turn the news on, we all see that there are certain places that have been significant hotspots for COVID-19. We've seen some places peak and start to level out, while others ramp up and most certainly those have impacted some of the trends in our business performance in those geographies. And it's still - as we sit here on 23rd April, it's still an evolving situation in many of the communities that we serve. There is also some very significant differences as I'm sure you all are aware, just in terms of how states and local municipalities have responded to the crisis and what restrictions they have put in place in terms of what business can be conducted and what customers can do in terms of travel and other things in those states.
Ritch Allison: Yes, David, on the first part of your question. I think going into this, we are really fortunate to be in a place where we've got a significant amount of our international business there is managed by a publicly traded master franchisees who came into this crisis with very strong financial positions so - relative to perhaps some other brands' strong ability to weather a crisis like this. Now that said, most certainly, when - in a country, when you have to close all of your stores or close some substantial number or even in some places, as Jeff described, our stores are open, but with very limited trading hours, or very limited service methods, those do result in significant declines in retail sales for a period of time. Our master franchisees are doing all the things that you would expect them to do. They are prioritizing first and foremost the safety of their team members and their customers, but they are also taking the appropriate steps to manage cash appropriately and to manage - make sure that they're being mindful of the liquidity in their operations. They are also working really hard to get those stores reopened and we've already seen a couple of large international markets. Spain and France would be two where we were completely closed for a period of time, but have begun to reopen stores in each of those countries. We are staying very actively in touch with those international master franchisees and talking with them daily about their financial position. And we'll continue to do so as we work together through the course of this crisis. The second part of your question around unit growth most certainly in the near term, we will see an impact on unit growth. Much as I described in the U.S., where there are construction delays and there are permitting delays, the same holds true in many of the international markets. And then certainly in some of those markets that have been under more pressure, where we've had a significant number of store closures or the entire market shuttered, certainly that results in some near-term slowdown in store growth there. But over the long term, I come back to what I always talk about with you is that the unit economics will ultimately drive the store growth over time. And as we come out of this COVID-19 crisis which, I believe we will do with a very healthy brand around the world, my expectation is that we still have a significant opportunity to grow our brand footprint across the globe. As you know, we've got a lot of share growth opportunity outside the U.S., and we've got well capitalized and well managed master franchisees who are going to be eager to get back after that as this subsides.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Chris. Well, one thing I could tell you is in the current environment we're operating in I am so glad that we are not on these aggregator platforms as Domino's. When I think about what matters to our customers, the trust and knowing how that food, where it was prepared and who delivered it to them. It certainly comforts me needs to know that it is our uniformed and trained Domino's delivery experts that are bringing the food to the door in a time like this. I'm also very glad that we've made the decision over time to continue to own that customer relationship on the front end, particularly now that we're talking about 70 - run rate of 75% plus digital. We think even more than ever that it is critical for us to continue to own that digital relationship with the customer as well. That said, certainly in the current environment with virtually all restaurants closed to dine in, there are lots and lots of customers that are trying delivery for the first time, and many of them through the aggregators. So this is going to be a very dynamic environment as we look over the months ahead. And ultimately to all learn what ultimately sticks in terms of these changes in customer behavior because my guess is customers don't immediately go back to what they were doing before. In that environment, we're staying focused on the things that we know are so important to the business for the long term, on value, staying very focused on value, staying committed to our delivery and our carryout value offers. We're also remaining very focused on service. One of the things that is happening right now across the Domino's U.S. business is the very aggressive hiring of additional delivery experts. The labor market has been incredibly tight for a couple of years. As that has loosened up in recent weeks, we've just sensed announcing our effort to hire 10,000 team members in the U.S. - our corporate store business has hired 100 people in that limited period of time. And that is really a key element of how we continue to provide great service to our customers during this time. And then staying out on the forefront of safety through all of these contactless methods through the enhanced cleaning of our stores, we've changed from operational audits to safety awareness, visits during this time. So, we believe all of those actions will continue to position us well as we move forward through this crisis and into the time period beyond.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Katy. So on the 10,000 folks that we're trying to hire across the system, we don't have perfect visibility into our franchisee hiring, because that really is their job, their team members to hire and to train. But what I can tell you from the conversations that we have is that the applicant volume has increased significantly since we began that effort. And unfortunately we just saw the another 4.5 million file for unemployment this morning. Unfortunately, there are a lot of people out there that are out of work right now. And I am certain that that is contributing to the increased applicant flow that's coming into our stores. As I think about what our value proposition is relative to someone working in the gig economy. I think now in an environment where so many people are losing their jobs having a set schedule and having a job getting a W-2 from Domino's or from one of the Domino's franchisees I think is probably valued probably more than it has been in quite a long time. We've tried to make a very strong commitment to our corporate store team members that's drivers and everybody in the store with enhanced bonuses over a 10-week period as folks worked through this crisis we've been have enhanced our sick pay benefits during that time as well. So, we are also looking for opportunities here in the near term, but then also over the long term to continue to make that a very attractive employment opportunity. And then finally, we've talked about it so many times. Well over 90% of our U.S. franchisees started off as delivery drivers or folks working inside the stores and that's a career opportunity that is out there that just isn't available and the gig economy.
Ritch Allison: Katy, we haven't seen any major shifts in turnover. It's still a really short period of time that we've been in this crisis. So, we'll probably know more in the months ahead as things continue to unfold there.
Ritch Allison: Alton, it's Ritch. We're going to ask you to - your line was breaking up a little bit. If you could just slow down just a little bit and repeat that question. We just want to make sure I think Jeff and I heard about 60% of it.
Ritch Allison: Thanks, Jon. On your first question around the advertising spend out there in the market. We look at a couple of things around that as we think about it. One is we view it absolutely as a time to continue to lean in hard on getting our voice out there. So, we're not pulling back one bit on advertising during this. And frankly, one of the things as you look broadly across not just restaurants, but across all of the folks out there that spend a lot of money on advertising, there's been a heavy demand out there for a lot of the same customers that we want to reach. And therefore GRP delivery has been little spotty out there in the marketplace over the course of the last couple of years. We expect that we may see some benefit in that and just getting the full delivery of the GRPs that we want to buy anyway. And then as it relates to share of voice within the category, most certainly all of the spend out there wallets, some of it's come down overall. It really is focused on this - on the delivery channel. We've just got to continue to invest against it. We've got to continue to talk about value, to talk about service, to talk about safely serving our customers. And I am really proud of our advertising team. I mean they have pivoted so quickly. And if you look back over the last six weeks or so they produced about an ad a week. Normally we go through a much more prolonged cycle to produce advertising. So we're trying to stay very nimble and we've just got a terrific team that is that's making that happen for us. And then your second part of your question was around U.S. unit growth. We're certainly assessing what the back end of the crisis opportunity might be. Ultimately as I talk about all the time, the unit growth is going to be driven by the cash on cash returns at the unit level and how our franchisees view the economics. I can tell you that for our corporate store business, I would love to accelerate and go even faster. And if there are opportunities to do that, we are most certainly going to.
Ritch Allison: John, it's Ritch. On the first part of the question, really too early and would be hard to tell. I suspect that the stimulus that was just released out there is probably having more impact than the unemployment benefits thus far. Yes, that you just described in terms of money going into consumers' pockets, which they could choose to spend with us or with others. And then the second part of your question around does it make it harder to hire folks? We tried to lean into that a bit. As we mentioned a couple of times earlier for 10 weeks in our corporate stores and in our supply chain business, we've got bonuses for our hourly team members and also for our store managers as well. And we've done that first and foremost to say thank you to them for continuing to serve our customers in what is a relatively crazy time. But also we recognize that we've got to continue to earn their loyalty to work for us as there are other alternatives potentially out there as you described. So haven't seen any, pullback there. And as I mentioned earlier, we've actually seen a very significant increase in applicant flow because even with those near-term unemployment benefits, I think a lot of folks are looking beyond that into August and September. The months beyond the expiration of those benefits and I think I want to make sure that they've got a job, when they get to that point in time.
Ritch Allison: Sure. So yes, John, as I've mentioned before, we didn't get a lot better from '17 to '19 on delivery times, but started to see some improvement there. And particularly I'm really proud of our corporate store business, where we've seen a good bit of improvement with a lot of focus around delivery times and look we've got some franchisees out there that are averaging every week under 20 minutes delivery time. So there are a lot of really strong proof points out there across our system. The data, like the data in every other aspect of our business, can be pretty choppy here with - in this COVID-19 time. And a lot of that gets driven by the fact that we see these shifts across days and across dayparts when we and a lot of our franchisees are still working really hard to figure out those new patterns and make sure we've got delivery driver schedules balanced appropriately against them. So, what I can tell you is the system is very focused on service. We're making some improvements there and we are bringing safety to the forefront does not - it does not mean that we're not also focused on those service times because we do know that's going to be a critical way that we'll continue to grow our business and compete against the aggregators.
Ritch Allison: Yes Jeff, I'll stay fairly brief on that. Restaurant business is a tough business and there are a lot of restaurants out there that were struggling even before this crisis got here as labor rates have increased significantly across the country. And so, I think there is a lot of pain in the industry right now as folks - a number of independents came into it, not particularly strong going in, but now being faced with this existential crisis. So, certainly as someone who has been in the restaurant industry for a long time and someone who loves to eat out, I sure hope independents to survive because the - I think all of us here want to be able to go to an independent restaurant. We want to be able to go to a Domino's Pizza, we want to be able to go to an independent restaurant as well.
Ritch Allison: Yes, Andrew. Thank you for asking that question. Absolutely, I still have great optimism around our 25,000 store target. The brand came into this crisis in a very healthy place with strong growth momentum. We're going to work our way through this, but I still have a ton of optimism about the long-term health and growth of Domino's Pizza.
Ritch Allison: Thank you. Thanks everyone for joining us on the call this morning. It's an incredibly dynamic time in our business and across the industry, but if I could leave you with one thing this morning, it is that I, and our management team and our franchisees at Domino's Pizza have a great deal of optimism around the future of our brand. One of the things that I've had a front-row seat to for the last six weeks or so is the incredible resiliency, the incredible innovative spirit, the hustle the passion of our Domino's Pizza franchisees and team members around the world. So while a difficult time for all of us, I sit here today never more optimistic about this great brand. So, again appreciate you being with us. And Jeff and I look forward to speaking with you in July as we will then discuss our second quarter 2020 results.
