Richard Allison: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Domino's Pizza Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised, today's conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Jenny Fouracre, Director of Public and Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Richard Allison: Thank you, Jenny, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. Overall, I'm happy with our results this quarter, which, once again, demonstrated the powerful growth potential of the Domino's brand around the world. The third quarter presented significant challenges related to COVID and specifically the rise in the Delta variant. Across the U.S. and around the world, our system had to pivot yet again in response to the resulting changes in public health guidance and requirements.  As this pandemic extends deep into its second year, I'm proud to say that our franchisees have continued to step up to meet the ongoing challenge in service of their customers, their communities and their team members. Throughout the Domino's system, we remain committed to serving our customers with outstanding food through safe and reliable delivery and carryout experiences.  Now you've heard me say it many times, global retail sales growth is the engine that drives our business model. During the third quarter, we delivered 8.5% global retail sales growth, excluding foreign currency impact, driven by a combination of store growth and same-store sales. That 8.5% result was lapping a 14.8% from the third quarter of 2020.  The third quarter extended our unmatched streak of international same-store sales growth to 111 consecutive quarters. While a 41-quarter streak of positive same-store sales in the U.S. ended during the quarter, I'm pleased that we still grew our U.S. retail sales during the quarter while rolling over 21.3% retail sales growth in Q3 2020.  During the quarter, we also accelerated our pace of global store growth. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, we have opened 1,124 net new stores. That's an increase of 500 relative to where we were in Q4 2020. Over the last 4 quarters, we've averaged just a touch above 3 net new stores every day. So overall, the Domino's brand continues to deliver.  I'll turn the call over now to Jessica Parrish, our Controller and Treasurer. She will take you through the details of the quarter, and then I'll come back to share some additional thoughts about the business. Jessica, over to you. 
Richard Allison: Sure, Brian. Thanks for the question. Staffing has been a challenge, most certainly during the quarter, as we highlighted. It's -- I don't have a lot to share with you today in terms of specific stats about what that headwind is on the comp because it's always difficult to say what sales might have been without staffing challenges. But what I can tell you is that when you look at the third quarter relative to the first half of the year, we certainly saw more of an impact in the system around some things like reduced operating hours and some challenges with respect to delivery service times in particular.  And when we look in our own corporate store business, we certainly saw our staffing levels, relative to ideal, were lower than we saw during the first half of the year. So the impact on the comp in the U.S. was more pronounced in the third quarter than it was in the second quarter.  And as it relates to how we think about the business going forward, the staffing challenges do impact our ability to be more aggressive as it relates to promotional activities in the marketplace. So we're continuing, obviously, to monitor the levels across our system. In our corporate store business, we are doing things proactively, like looking at our wages, compensation for our team members, and as I spoke about earlier, working across the system, rolling out an applicant tracking system to help with team member acquisition and hiring. And then we're also working on a number of operational improvements inside of our stores to allow us to operate more efficiently, and frankly, with less labor for every order that goes out. And then finally, I'd just highlight the carryout business will continue to be a focus of ours given the significantly lower amount of labor involved in those transactions and the fact that's been a big growth driver for us anyway. We're going to continue pushing there. 
Richard Allison: Pete, thanks. I certainly believe that the staffing challenges are impacting the restaurant industry more broadly. As I take a look across the industry and talk to leaders in the industry, it's certainly a common theme that you hear.  In terms of how that's impacting independents, I don't have great statistics for you about what's going on with closures there, but I can tell you that I think the impact of staffing and rising labor costs and also, frankly, rising commodity costs, where independents are typically less able to buy -- are less able to buy with the scale and also to lock in pricing as the larger players, like we are, I suspect that there is a lot of pressure on the P&L among some of the independents and smaller regionals out there. 
Richard Allison: Sure. When we look at our carryout order counts, we are still not quite back to where we were 2 years ago on carryout order counts despite having positive carryout same-store sales in the third quarter. But it continues to be a focus for us and an area where we continue to see strong opportunity to continue the long-term growth trajectory of that side of the business. We just launched these Dips & Twists that just went on air this week as just yet another tool coming from our innovation team to help us continue to push carryout and push it at that $7.99 hero price point that we've got there. 
Richard Allison: Thanks, John. First, on the labor, what I would tell you is that it is more pronounced with respect to drivers, but we see labor challenges really across our business. And as I look broadly across the industry, the restaurant industry, both the retail side and the distribution side of that, I think -- and frankly among suppliers, I think labor continues to be a significant challenge. You look at the number of open job positions across the U.S. right now, it's a pretty staggering number. And a lot of those are certainly related to our industry. But drivers, in particular, have been challenging as we look over the last -- the third quarter. And then as it relates to market share, we don't get great real-time data on that. And we always take -- when we do get it on a quarterly basis, we always like to see a few quarters of trend before we get really comfortable about what those external views of the market look like. But we do continue to believe that we and the larger players in the market continue to gain share at the expense of some of the smaller chains and some of the locals. 
Richard Allison: Sure, Jared. Thanks. As we are -- currently, as we do, on a very frequent basis, taking a look at our price points. We test them on a pretty frequent basis over time and really with an eye to what are the price points in the marketplace that can help us to drive long-term profitable growth for our franchisees. So we are certainly taking a look at those again. Here, as we look forward into 2022, there are cost pressures across the business, as you highlight, both on the labor side, but also inflationary pressures as it relates to commodities as well. So we're taking all of those things into account as we think about what our pricing looks like in 2022. And what I'll tell you there is that we will, as always, do it with the long-term profitable growth of the franchisees in mind. And while we are wedded to value, we are not specifically wedded to any individual price points. And if a better price point yields better long-term profitable growth for our franchisees, then that's where we're going to go. 
Richard Allison: Yes. It's a great question because -- and as you highlight, historically, we've not seen a lot of switching across those 2 service methods. And in fact, only about 15% of customers would go back and forth between the 2. But it's an interesting question that I think opens up to your point as we work our way out of COVID and as we and across the industry continue to see some of these staffing challenges and labor cost increases which do result in higher delivery fees. As Jessica highlighted earlier, we've seen some increase in our single transparent delivery fees across markets. And we've certainly seen prices go up as it relates to delivery charges or even what it takes you to go across town when you hail an Uber or a Lyft. So I think it is an open question as to how much more switching we might see when the cost of delivery continues to rise for consumers. So those are some of the things that we're obviously thinking about and testing here. We're also really pushing on this Carside Delivery as a service method to try to make things significantly more convenient for customers to pick up product. Eliminating the need to go into the store and pay and carry your own food out, we think is a significant improvement in the consumer experience and may tip some more consumers over to come into the carryout channel as opposed to delivery. 
Richard Allison: John, yes, I'll try to pick off some of the parts of your question there. First of all, on U.S. unit development, I'll just make a macro comment overall. There is still a very healthy demand out there among our franchisee base for unit development. I've highlighted some of the challenges in the near term of getting these stores open. But when we take a look at the profit of the 4-wall profitability at the store level and the resulting cash-on-cash returns for Domino's, which is ultimately what drives store growth, it's still very, very strong. And as we continue to dust off our models to take a look at what the U.S. holding capacity is for Domino's stores, we continue to be very bullish about that holding capacity. I've talked about 8,000 store potential in the past, and we believe it's at least that, if not more, as we continue to dust it off.  When we open new stores, a significant portion of those are fortress stores in that they do take some number of addresses from existing store service areas. When we take a look at the impact that, that has on the comp, I have spoken in the past about that being 1 point, 1.5 points or so. If you take a look at the third quarter, it was about 1 point when you look across the system and a bit higher than that on the corporate store side because, to your point, we have been a little bit more aggressive in terms of percentage opens off the base, but also basically every store we open in our corporate store business is a fortress store.  But when we take a look at what the cash-on-cash return expectations are for those openings and we look at it, not only on the individual new store, but we look at it on the impact of the store cluster that, that store is a part of, we still see very positive returns on those stores, and that's why we continue to be aggressive in the growth of our corporate stores.  So it -- fortressing is going to continue to be a key part of our strategy, John, and I haven't seen anything in the quarter that gives me any sense that we should be slowing down. There is still a lot of opportunity out there to continue opening Domino's stores around the country. 
Richard Allison: Sure. Yes, Greg, in terms of staffing relative to where we'd like it to be, I don't have a specific percentage to share with you today. It varies pretty significantly market by market because the labor markets around the country are so unique. And obviously, we've got direct visibility into the corporate store markets that we operate but not direct visibility into all of our franchise locations who obviously manage their own employment base.  On tech, I made brief reference to this earlier in my prepared remarks, but we've had a really exciting milestone over the course of the last several months where we now have our new version of PULSE operating on a continuous basis in a live store. So the team has just done a terrific job of developing that to the point where we've got the minimum viable product to have out in a store today that allows us to continue to test and learn. And our expectation is that we continue to expand the initial phase of that rollout with a few more stores this year. And then as we continue to learn and improve the product, we'll be able to come back to you in subsequent quarters and give you a little bit more of a sense of the pace of rollout of that product.  But when we go in and have a look at how it's operating in the stores, it is easier to manage transactions inside the store and significantly easier to get new team members up to speed on the use of PULSE.  And then as it relates to our ongoing development and evolution of the product, the architecture that we've used with PULSE is a -- is transformational for us in terms of our ability to respond more quickly and add enhancements and updates to the product versus the architecture that the current version of PULSE is on. So we're excited about it, and you'll hear a lot more about it from us in the future. 
Richard Allison: Yes, David. It's a great question, and I can tell you it's something we spend a lot of time on around here each and every day and have a lot of conversations with our operators and franchisees about it. When you think about what has to happen in the labor market,for our industry, I think there are a couple of things that are under our control, and then there are a couple of things that are more macro factors. If I start with kind of -- with the macro factors, most certainly, there have been a significant number of Americans who have removed themselves from the workforce over the course of COVID and haven't come back yet. If you look at labor force participation rates, they are down rather significantly from pre-COVID.  We have not seen it yet, as much as we would like, but we do expect there to be some relaxing of the labor market as COVID continues to subside and as folks get more comfortable, have more options to care for their children, et cetera, to get back out into the workforce. I have no doubt that this Delta variant, over the course of the last several months, has made that recovery more challenging.  We also have not had much in the way of immigration into the U.S. here over the course of the last couple of years. And in a country whose population is not growing as it used to, we, in our industry and a number of others, will need more immigration, I think, to continue to have a robust workforce, particularly in the younger age groups.  So those are some macro things that we can't really control. What we spend our time thinking about is what we can control. Wages is one of those levers. I spoke earlier about the fact that we have made some significant moves in our own corporate store business, and we've done that in our supply chain business as well. And as we talk to franchisees, we don't control their employment practices or wages, but we hear from many franchisees that they are also investing in their team members. And frankly, with the profitability levels that we have in our stores, we are much better positioned than many players in the restaurant industry to be able to invest in our teams.  But then also, as an industry and as a company, we also have to think about the jobs themselves and how do we make those jobs easier and more appealing to team members. And we're spending a lot of time on that inside our business and piloting a number of exciting things in our corporate stores where we're looking fundamentally at the jobs themselves. How do we make them easier? How do we keep drivers in their cars 100% of the time and not have them do tasks inside the stores that they don't enjoy doing and that don't drive tips for them? How do we bring more technology into the stores to allow us to operate more efficiently with fewer labor hours per unit of sales? So we're looking at all of these elements. And while it's a challenge, I feel like we're very well positioned with the profitability that we've got in our stores and also really well positioned, just based on the innovation and technology teams that we've built over time, who -- this is power alley for them to go in and figure out how to solve these problems alongside our great operators. 
Richard Allison: Yes. Dennis, thanks for the question. We saw a boost back in the second quarter when the $1,400 stimulus payments went out. You had the onetime payment, and then you also had the unemployment which was introduced at that time and ultimately completed, I believe, in first or second week of September. And I think what we saw was, as consumers spent off that $1,400 and as some of those unemployment benefits waned, the impact was really more pronounced, we believe, on our delivery business than it was on the carryout business. So I think we had more customers with money in their pockets also worried about COVID, and more of those were ordering delivery into their homes, and we saw that taper off in the third quarter relative to what we saw in the second quarter. 
Richard Allison: Sure, Lauren. And we're looking at that really in several areas of our business. At the store level, which we've spent most of the time talking about today, one of the key things that we're working on is in an environment where driver staffing is one of the constraints, key question is how do you keep drivers in their car more? And how do you get more deliveries per hour through those drivers? We introduced some time ago our GPS tools that are in the hands of drivers. That's a core technology that helps them to be more efficient. The technology underpinning of Domino's Carside Delivery and the operational practices that we've instituted around that are also key ways for us to think about driving more efficiency with our delivery drivers. Because if we can identify when a customer pulls into the parking lot and run a pizza out to that customer's car, there's no reason why -- and we're doing it in a lot of stores around the country, no reason why we can't just run pizzas out to drivers' cars as well.  And when I think about the Domino's I would like to see in the future, I don't see why drivers should ever have to get out of their cars. Why can't we keep them turning to the store, back to the customer and maximizing deliveries per driver per hour which also maximizes the wages that those drivers earn? So there are a number of different things going on there inside the stores. Our next-generation version of our point-of-sale system, along with other store technology innovations, are also helping us to get more productivity, to drive more productivity in the stores.  And then lastly, outside of the stores, if I shift gears over to our supply chain centers, as we build these new centers and as we go back and replace assets in existing centers, we're putting in place equipment and technology that reduce the amount of labor that is required to produce our dough balls and to manage the distribution of product out to our stores as well. 
Richard Allison: Yes. Chris, we just rolled it out a few weeks back, and we're getting a lot of exciting press out of it. And I think it really -- it plays on a tension, a consumer tension. And that's one of the things we think about always when we think about great advertising at Domino's is how does it play on a consumer tension. And consumers tell us that they get increasingly irritated about all of these fees that they get charged, so we've decided to do the flip side of that and do surprise frees. So far, we're pleased with the customer reception to the campaign. We're going to continue to run it in the weeks ahead and excited about how that can continue to position Domino's as the transparent and value-oriented player in the market. So we remain excited about it. Look forward to sharing results as we -- as the program continues to evolve. And as we see how it behaves in the quarter, we look forward to talking to you about it in more depth when we report our fourth quarter results out.  All right, folks. Well, thank you so much for joining us on the call this morning, and I look forward to getting back together with you in February to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2021 results. 
