Richard Allison: Thanks, Russell. Overall, I'm very pleased with our 2021 results, which once again demonstrated the strength of the Domino's brand around the world. Throughout the year, we and our franchisees continue to battle through ongoing COVID-related challenges. Through the Delta wave, through the onset of Omicron near the end of the year, our franchisees, store operators and supply chain teams fought on in service of their customers, their team members and their communities across the country and around the globe.   As I look back on 2021, there are a few key highlights that demonstrate the continued strength and resilience of the Domino's business model. Global retail sales reached $17.8 billion in 2021, up 11.7%, excluding the impacts of foreign currency and the 53rd week compared to 2020. And that was lapping a 10.4% growth rate in 2020. When we compare back to pre-pandemic 2019, the Domino's brand grew by approximately $3.5 billion in retail sales on a global basis over the last 2 years. Now for perspective, $3.5 billion was about the size of our entire U.S. business just a decade ago in 2011, 51 years after Domino's was founded. We and our franchisees opened 1,204 net new stores in 2021, more than 3 stores per day, reaching a global store count of 18,848 at the end of the year. When combined with our 2020 store growth, we opened more than 1,800 net new stores over the last 2 years. That's in the shadow of the COVID-19 pandemic and the development difficulties and delays witnessed worldwide. This demonstrates the incredible commitment and resilience of our franchisees.   Our unit economics remain very strong, even in the face of rising labor and food costs. In the U.S., the average Domino's store generated more than $1.3 million in sales during 2021, while the global average approached $1 million. We currently estimate that our 2021 U.S. franchisee store EBITDA once again exceeded $170,000 per unit, and we'll have that final profitability figure for you in April.   International store level profitability also remained very strong with cash-on-cash returns averaging under 3 years. The strength of our business and operating model allowed us to distribute almost $1.5 billion in share buybacks and dividends, continuing our long-standing commitment of efficiently returning capital to our shareholders.   We also stepped up our commitment to giving back to support the communities where we live and work, from raising more than $13 million toward our 10-year $100 million pledge to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, to awarding our first scholarships through the United Negro College Fund, among many others.   In 2021, we published our inaugural stewardship report, including the results of materiality assessment and our goal to achieve science-based targets and net zero emissions by 2035 and 2050, respectively, to improve our environmental footprint. In summary, the Domino's brand continues to deliver to our customers, to our franchisees, to our team members, to our shareholders and to the communities we serve.   I'll turn the call over now to Jessica Parrish, our Controller and Treasurer. She will take you through the details of the quarter and the year. I'll then come back to share some additional thoughts about 2021 and the year ahead. Jessica, over to you. 
Richard Allison: Thanks, Brian. I appreciate your thoughts. And as it relates to the staffing trends of the business, certainly, as I highlighted earlier, during the last couple of weeks in December and during the month of January, we saw a significant shock from Omicron resulting in lots of call-outs, team members at home and more impact in terms of reduced operating hours in our stores.  Over the course of February, we've certainly seen some stabilization. We've seen some improvement in applications, and we've seen some improvement in our delivery times and ability to serve our customers, but a big shock in late December and during the month of January.  The second part of your question there around staffing related to, more broadly, the COVID impact or the shifts in the labor market. Certainly, we still saw during the fourth quarter and still feel today that underlying impact of some of the structural shifts in the labor market. And that's a big part of what we and our franchisees are focused on going forward.  And as I mentioned earlier, we're doing a broader assessment of that labor market today to understand beyond the things that we're doing today, what additional actions might we be able to take to further alleviate some of those staffing challenges for the long term.  And Brian, to your question on $6.99, and I want to make sure I heard it correctly, but the basic construct of what we are going with going forward will be to change the price on our Mix & Match for delivery orders only. So we'll be dividing that coupon into 2 parts, $6.99 for delivery and $5.99 for our carryout customers. So the increase in price there will, to your question on effective pricing, it will effectively apply just to the delivery orders that come through the national coupon. 
Richard Allison: Yes, Pete, thanks for the question. So as I highlighted earlier, there are a number of actions that we've taken and that we are continuing to take. Certainly, we've done a lot with respect to team member wages and benefits, and we'll be bringing more around wages in 2022 relative to 2021.  We're also taking a look as we look forward at what are the other ways that we can make these delivery driver jobs more appealing and more lucrative to our drivers. So we've taken some action to take other tasks away from delivery drivers to enable them to stay in their cars as much as possible during their shifts, and therefore, to get more deliveries per hour at more tips.  In our best-run stores today, during the rush, you won't see a delivery driver come into the store. We are running pizzas out to cars, to load them up, so drivers can stay on the road. So that's a key action that we are taking, and we are expanding more broadly across our system.  And then beyond that, as we think about future things that we could do, we're taking a look at what are the options that we have to make these jobs more flexible for our drivers relative to our -- the more historic approaches of how we've scheduled a staff delivery drivers. So we're looking at a range of options across the board and as we work really hard to make sure that we can continue to have the capacity to serve our customers and also make these great jobs because, ultimately, these are the jobs that lead to franchisees. 95% of our U.S. franchisees started off delivering pizza. So we got to make sure we're still attracting a great labor force to be the franchisees of the future. 
Richard Allison: Sure, Chris. So every time we look at pricing and think about changes that we may or may not make to pricing, we are always looking at it through the lenses of transactions, sales and profitability at the store level. And as we took a look at the $5.99 Mix & Match offer, which we've done every year since we launched it more than 12 years ago, we take a look at what those impacts may be.  We don't run test markets. We have research and analytic tools that are very predictive, have been predictive in the past of the outcomes that we ultimately get. And so as we made the decision alongside our franchisees to shift the delivery Mix & Match offer to $6.99, it is absolutely with the goal of continuing to drive balanced growth of transactions, of sales and of profitability. Because we know -- we've seen it in the U.S. We've seen it around the world. The only long-term way to continue driving profitability in the business is to make sure that we're continuing to be more relevant to customers and driving more transactions. 
Richard Allison: Sure, Sara. To your question on retail sales versus same-store sales, I can tell you that inside the business here and across the management team, retail sales is what we pay the most attention to because it really does drive the economics in our business. It drives royalties. It drives the transaction fees. It drives sales through our supply chain centers. And ultimately, at the franchisee level, it drives profitability for the -- for our franchisees' enterprises. So that's how we look at it.  And we look at it -- we look at same-store sales and store growth as the components that ultimately drive that. And that's why when we've talked over the years about our strategies around fortressing the markets that we operate in, it really is about driving retail sales because we're willing to give up some same-store sales in cases where we feel like building new stores and getting closer to the customer can ultimately drive better economics for the franchisees.  And then taking a look at international same-store sales, it was more driven this time around by transactions. And what I can tell you is the dynamics vary quite considerably when you look across each of the 94 markets that we operate in outside the U.S. So there's not really one answer for you there, Sara, just simply that when we roll it all up, there was a preponderance of the markets that were driving more of their growth through transactions. And in most of those cases, it centers a lot around the fact that they're doing a really good job of making sure that they're bringing value to our customers and holding the line there, which ultimately enables us to drive more transaction growth. 
Richard Allison: Sure, Brian. Thanks for the question. It's absolutely related because one of the things that we don't want to do is, if we're in a constrained staffing environment, we don't want to drive bad customer experiences. And so we have been more conservative about aggressive promotions in the face of some of the staffing challenges that we've had.  We've seen some stabilization in February, as I mentioned earlier, and we are optimistic that through the current and future efforts of ourselves and our franchisees, that we'll get staffing back to a level where we can return to some of our more aggressive promotional activities because they are important as we think about how we continue to attract new customers into the Domino's brand. 
Richard Allison: Sure, John. Thanks very much for the question. Yes. So we do feel very good about the underlying demand for Domino's Pizza. I shared with you some of those quintiles earlier where we tried to break down the stores from those that are well staffed to those that aren't. And when we take a look at it across each of those quintiles, we're able to gain visibility into where we have limited hours in stores, which is driven by staffing.  We can get visibility into where we've not answered the phones or where we have potentially not taken online orders, shut off online orders coming into the stores. So we can take a look at that data across each of these buckets of stores, and it gives us a good sense for where we may be failing to serve some of that incoming demand. So that gives us a sense kind of across those stores when we bucket it out. And those stores that have been well staffed, as I mentioned earlier, have continued to drive very strong same-store sales growth on both a 1- and a 2-year basis.  Also, John, when we take a look across the 2 businesses that we run out of each box, the carryout and the delivery businesses, the labor challenges we've had have not put as many constraints on our ability to serve carryout, and we continue to see very strong growth in that carryout segment. While it really is that delivery business that has been more constrained by driver labor. So that's another lens that we look at it through.  And then to your question on pricing, in addition to the national offers that we often talk about, each of our franchisees and stores has the ability to manage their own menu pricing and also to manage delivery fees at their stores. So we've seen -- in addition to seeing ticket go up through more items per basket, which is a smart ticket and we love to see that, we've also most certainly, as franchisees and stores have dealt with some of the cost pressures on the business, we have had some increases in menu and delivery fees also. And that comes into play as we think about how we evolve the national offers as well because it really is a balance across customers who want to order off the menu, order off local coupons and order off the national coupons combined with the delivery fee for those delivery customers that we're trying to balance in an effort to drive great value for the customer while also making sure that we've got a fantastic business model for our franchisees. 
Richard Allison: Jared, thanks for the question. And certainly, supply chain margins were under pressure in the fourth quarter. And 2022 also sets up for a challenging margin backdrop for supply chain also.  We've got a couple of dynamics that are going on there and you've highlighted them. One is the commodity cost increases that we're seeing, which we estimated 8% to 10% over the course of this year. As we've talked about in the past, the way we manage margins to our franchisees is basically a fixed dollar amount. So we are not -- when the underlying cost of the commodities goes up, we get natural compression there in the margins.  And then second, we do have costs going up on the labor side of the business as well. I talked a lot on the call earlier about some of the increased investments that we've made in our corporate stores. We've also made significant labor investments in our supply chain centers as well. And then when you combine that with the rising cost of fuel, we are seeing a fair bit of pressure on supply chain margins.  Now when we think about how we manage through that, we do that once again with balance in mind because we want to make sure that our supply chain continues to bring a terrific value to our franchisees, supporting the unit-level economics that we've been so proud of for so long. And the good news is we've got the scale and the wherewithal in that supply chain business to absorb some of these cost increases while still making sure that we create great unit-level economics for the franchisees. 
Richard Allison: John, thanks for the question. Certainly, in some of our international markets, and in particular, in some of the urban centers, certainly, we've seen some labor shortage pressures there as well. But when you step back and look at the international business in its totality across the 94 markets that we're in, the labor challenges we're seeing in international are not as pronounced as what we're seeing here in the U.S. business, different labor markets around the world have felt the strains of COVID and some of the shifts differently, governments in different markets have reacted differently with how they handle things through the course of COVID-19. But when you take a look at it in total, the challenges are more pronounced here in the U.S. than they are in the international business.  And then to the second part of your question around development. Certainly, same-store sales do factor in, obviously, to as they evolve over time into unit-level sales and profitability. So we're always keeping an eye on the quarterly trends, while we also keep the vast majority of our attention on the long term. But what I can tell you is that when we look across the business, both in the U.S. and in international, we still see a very robust pipeline of growth. And in fact, in the U.S. business, we did not get the store growth that we would have liked to have seen in 2021, but it wasn't because of sales, and it wasn't because of unit-level profitability. It really was around the factors that I mentioned earlier, just supply chain issues around getting equipment to the stores or getting permitting, getting inspections and things like that.  And then on the international side of the businesses, as I think you've seen, we've seen a dramatic ramp-up in the pace of store growth over the course of 2021. And we still feel very bullish about our opportunity to continue to grow in that 6% to 8% unit -- net unit growth range that we've communicated. 
Richard Allison: Greg, thanks for the question. I'm actually going to turn this one over to Russell, who's been at the center of the evolution of our offer here. 
Richard Allison: Great. Well, listen, I want to thank all of you for joining us on the call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you in April, where we'll have the opportunity to discuss our first quarter 2022 results. 
