Patrick Doyle: It's very manageable, when you're generating this level of top line growth we are very comfortable with the environment. We certain it's something that we can manage through minimum wage is a starting wage. And frankly that’s majority of the team members in our corporate stores and in our franchise stores are delivery drivers. And delivery drivers with tips are making substantially more than the minimum wage. So we're very comfortable that we would able to manage in this environment. 
Patrick Doyle: It's a little bit of both and it's not a significant change from what was out there before it is a little bit higher. But it's certainly as you can see the variable component which also includes things like advertising contributions in corporate store is significant.
Patrick Doyle: It absolutely does we've done this mix and match promotion that we've out there. Probably once a year on average something like that to remind people of the other product offerings that we have and when we do that it's certainly drive mix of other products and we saw that again in the first quarter. What I would say is we are and we'll continue to be overwhelmingly a Pizza company it is the majority of what we sell and it's going to continue to be the majority of what we sell. But we've got great sandwiches and pasta and chicken and the other items on the menu and we make sure we remind people of that on an occasional basis and it works.
Patrick Doyle: In the first quarter of the year with a lot of weather knocking around I would say the weather was even though regionally it was pretty tough it was not in abnormal first quarter for weather. Certainly you are going to feel some of that and we did a little bit our highest volume stores are getting a little capacity constrained. And you're seeing some stores that need to add some new equipment to add some new ovens but I will tell you that’s the highest quality problem you will ever face and certainly something we know how to deal with. But yes there are certainly some small percentage of our stores that are seeing volumes now that frankly they weren’t built for when they were built 10 or 15 years ago.
Patrick Doyle: I think the broad answer is that we've always been very, very good at delivery. We haven’t been particularly differentiated on carry out. And the experienced with the customer has in our store and so getting that right starts with having a good environment for the customers. And I would add importantly for the team member. Our team members prefer to work in these new stores and so that helps get better people it helps us be staffed in the stores and it's relatively early in this process. We still are only 20% or 25% kind of reimage in the U.S we're moving very quickly on that those numbers are going to continue to go up very quickly over the course of this year and next year really till the end of 2017. It's probably too early to say that there are dramatic shifts in day parks and mix and that sort of things. But what I would say is having a great environment for customers in our stores certainly gives us far more opportunity looking forward to do something that’s differentiated for our carry out customers as well. And it's certainly something that we're looking at, we're excited about the prospects of getting better there. But this is foundational, they've got to look good first.
Patrick Doyle: So if you look at some of -- what people are calling the fast casual players it’s about food quality, it’s about the environment and it’s about open kitchen, it’s still about giving speed of service. And we think we’re doing all of those things and doing it better than most. As you get into kind of the specifics of your question which is really around the product itself and maybe wood fired oven, a thinner [indiscernible] that sort of thing I don’t think you are going to see us doing that but certainly having all of the rest of the things in place we’re going to watch, you’re not going to see us bringing lumber into the stores soon, to start cooking the pizzas, I mean [multiple speakers]
Patrick Doyle: But it does give us an opportunity to look at things. So I don’t think you’re going to see us go all the way over there but it does give us an opportunity as we’re showcasing the food to look at how we drive that even more strongly.
Patrick Doyle: No. I just want to thank everybody for getting on the call. I know it is a very busy earning season right now. And I look forward to talking to you again as we discuss our second quarter earnings on July 16.
Mike Lawton: The numbers reflected in the first quarter don’t reflect the change there is certainly can be changes going forward.
Mike Lawton: We've got the best kind of real time delivery system around. And I guess what I'd say is when you think about an Uber or some of the other folks that are coming in the technology that they are using is terrific. But at the end of the day they are service companies and it's about can you find great people who are motivated can you back them up with great systems that are going to help them be efficient we've been doing that and doing that very well for a long time. So are there things that we can do that potentially are going to make us more efficient sure and it's part of the investment that we make in technology to help our folks be more efficient overtime, but are we going to wind up ahead of using somebody else to do it, something like that, no. We’re planning to be plenty efficient with our people and they want to see a Domino’s delivery driver showing up, looking great in uniform and that’s certainly the way that it’s going to continue.
Mike Lawton: So, specialty chicken did very well for us. Our chicken mix continues to be higher than it was before we launched specialty chicken. So at some level is it part of what’s contributing to our comp, yes probably is, though I'd say at this point that's kind of more at the margins than a big part of it. And in terms of new products we absolutely have lots of things in the pipelines that we can turn to but I think the overall message as we talked about before and certainly as we talked about at our Investor Day in January we think our discipline around our menu and launching fewer things in a bigger way and doing that very thoughtfully and purposefully so that we’re able to execute well at our stores is continuing to be a fundamental strength for us. And with what we think was at least from those who have released so far the best comp in the restaurant industry in the first quarter we think our approach on this is working awfully well.
Mike Lawton: That’s our long term guidance for you 14.5 is a little higher 2% to 4% so year we were off the high end of that for the quarter. But obviously we’re incredibly pleased with the comp in the first quarter. And I guess what it say is 2% to 4% is the long term guidance that we’ve given but we’re awfully pleased to have beaten it by I guess 10% plus we’re pretty happy with that.
Mike Lawton: I think the pizza category is doing a little better than the restaurant category overall. I think it’s up maybe more 2% to 3%. But there is no question that we’re taking share right now with the numbers that we’re putting up. And in terms of within the quarter I am not going to comment on that. What I would say is what we are seeing is that the employment market looks awfully healthy out there. And we’ve said it many times and it continues to be true employed people buy more pizza than unemployed people. And so when we look at the overall market, the overall restaurant category we’re continuing to see the employment picture looking good, people are continuing months to months we’re continuing to add jobs, certainly we’d like to see that a little stronger than we saw at the last month or two. But the trend is clearly up, the recovery is continuing and we’ve said often that that correlates to higher pizza category consumption and we’re certainly seeing that playing out again.
Mike Lawton: As we've said we are comfortable in this three to six range. We're still solidly into that range. But yes, we'll continue to monitor we'll continue to evaluate what we think is the best approach for us. 
Mike Lawton: We've always said we think there is at least the 1000 stores yet to be built in the U.S. and is unit economics are continuing to improve. We like the building momentum on that I release the kind of final estimate on franchise profitability last year at 89,000 with moderating food cost. As you saw in our corporate numbers and with the comp that we put up clearly first quarter this year was better than first quarter last year as well. So the cash flow per store continues to go up and so we're feeling pretty good about how that plays through overtime. And from a capacity standpoint it certainly means that as sales go higher there's even more opportunity to continue to build. So we're feeling good on that front.
Mike Lawton: I don't know if I am going to get into give any kind of a specific number on that it depends on the store and we've got stores that are 1,200 square feet. And they are pretty capacity constraints if they're doing 30,000 or 40,000 a week, it's tough to do that out of a small store. But we’ve got stores, I can think of stores on military bases essentially have two lines they are effectively doubled the capacity in a single store. And they can do substantially more than an average store. So there is not a single answer that I can give on that but what I can tell you is with the increases in volume we're seeing there are certainly more stores that are followed into the category of being a little capacity constrained. And they are really two ways to solve that either putting more equipments into existing stores or building more stores and both of those are relatively straight forward to do and are pretty good for our shareholders.
Mike Lawton: If you look at what I said on category growth that winning category growth is more in the 2% to 3% range. That includes store growth in that number that’s not just same stores sales we're clearly outperforming the category by a lot right now. So it is more about things but we're doing in the business and I guess I've got a fall back on what I said before it's about just a lot of different things coming together getting the food right, having the best franchisees in the business. And I mean now we've got terrific franchisees who are leaning in to the business right now, they're excited about what's happening, there is staffing up as volumes are growing. So they can continue to give great service it's about the advertising that’s been very effective, it's about we think some of the best if not the best use of technology in the category giving customers a better experience. It's about getting stores reimaged, though I would remind you that’s still only kind of 20% to 25% complete in the U.S. So it's just a lot of different things that have been coming together that we've been talking about but are really all happening right now and that’s strengthening the brands in the minds of consumers which is building pretty phenomenal momentum in the business.
Mike Lawton: I think the last one first, yes. The relocations that are getting done you see a bigger bump on sales and more of that is within carryout. What you’re going to see is it’s still going to be a minority of the stores that are going to relocate over the course of the next couple of years this is primarily going to be about reimages. And my answer on reimages and the results that we’re seeing continue to reflect exactly what we said in the past that an individual store getting reimaged you will see a very low single digit a point, two point, maybe three points in lift versus the stores around it when the reimage is done. What we always have believed and I think what you’re seeing play out is that it’s really more about the overall brand momentum as you’re getting lots of these done and people start rethinking Domino’s pizza, it’s really more about overall brand momentum than it is about kind of the specific store that’s getting done. And we’re still roughly a two thirds delivery, one third carryout business. And so it makes sense. Only a third of our customers are walking into the store, maybe if you look take it a little bit lower so maybe 35% or 40% of orders you’re going to have less of an immediate impact on comp sales from a reimage of a specific store. But given what we’re doing with the overall business and the brand and technology and the food quality and service, everything that we’re doing we can’t have stores that don’t reflect our overall brand image. And we think it adds to the momentum of the brand. So, that’s what we’re seeing. The individual store reimages don’t produce that big of a bump in the near term but we do think it’s part of what’s feeding into the overall brand momentum.
Mike Lawton: So I think the answer is really in the profits that you’re seeing in the stores. I mean they had record profitability last year they did that in an environment where commodities were up pretty dramatically now the commodities are easing. You’re seeing that play through in even better profitability. And our system, our franchisees were exceptionally disciplined last year when commodities were up a lot they decided that the long term benefit of the customers feeling good about the value they’re getting was more important than simply covering and a little bit of short-term pressure from a cost standpoint. And this year that’s going back the other way. So any pressure that you saw on wages which again for us is reasonably minimal because most of our people are tipped and are making far more than the starting wage you’re seeing a lot of discipline in our system but they’re benefiting now as commodities gone a little bit lower and it playing back ultimately to discipline around doing what the consumer needs, what our customers need to continue to give us more of their business.
Mike Lawton: It depends on the franchisee so remember over 90% of our stores in the U.S. are owned by franchisees, they control that. What I can tell you is it is all over the board and it’s really market dependent so there are places where people could pay tip credit and they’re not, there are places where they are paying above the starting wage, they're places where people are paying out of the tip credit. You pay what you need to pay to have good people in stores and be staffed but what remains true is that with tips our drivers are certainly making on average $10 plus and probably substantially more than that as you look across the country. So they're doing well and so it's really more about kind of market demand for labor than it is about the starting wage. 
Mike Lawton: That varies also by market and there are some markets where we're doing, there are some markets where we aren't, there are also some markets where we can't where tip credit wage is not available and you pay at the same minimum as non-tipped employees.
Mike Lawton: Not particularly and you've been ask the question before gas prices going down and we just don’t think that’s a particularly big factor in consumer spending right now and you've certainly seeing the same data that we have that savings rate may have even gone up a little bit in the last three or six months. So I don’t think that’s really playing in and we're not seeing that. Mike mentioned in his prepared remarks that this was overwhelmingly about order growth for us but our ticket was up a little bit. So I would remind you that ticket is both a function of price and what they're buying kind of the basket of products that are in the order. But I wouldn’t say that we're seeing a particular change in customers' willingness and ability to pay more and people are remaining disciplined coming out of the crisis now five, six years ago, customers are smarter they are remaining disciplined, they continue to want value which is a function of both the quality of the food and the quality of the service as well as the price and I'm not seeing a dramatic change there. 
