J. Patrick Doyle: Sure. Thanks, John. First, the corporate versus franchise. I mean those numbers are always kind of moving around. I think we're actually rolling in the second quarter of last year about 0.5 point higher numbers on the corporate store side. And the answer is the same as it usually is, which is it's just about geographies and a little bit of movement up and down. And I think you're always going to get some differential just given the size of the base of the corporate store side. So we were negative on order counts in the second quarter, and it's something that we absolutely continue to focus on hard. That's, to me, the one disappointment in the quarter is we've got to be positive on order counts domestically over time. And we're doing things to address that. But -- so I think you're going to see things from us that are going to, hopefully, move that the right direction, but that's something that was an outcome of decisions that we made over the course of the quarter on what we are promoting, et cetera. But clearly, we want and need positive order counts on the domestic side.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I think it's really about the things that we're doing. The fact is, I think while the category is competitive, we really don't see that much effect on our business from anything that any individual competitor is doing. I mean, we've done a lot of analysis around that, and our ability to grow the business is 95% about what we do as opposed to anything we're experiencing from the competition.
J. Patrick Doyle: It's -- generally, it's very regional in terms of the different events that are going on. So for instance, with the Olympics coming up here, that's probably for a few weeks, a net positive thing, mostly in Europe just because of the time zones. And so what we've experienced is when we had the Olympics in Japan and Korea, because of the time of the day that they're running live, it doesn't affect the business as much in the U.S. But the answer is -- so the answer is, there are opportunities for tie-ins with sports that are going to tend to be, for us, more a local thing or a country-by-country decision than anything we're going to do globally.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, despite what I just said about competitive activity not affecting us that much, we're not going to tip them off too much to our plans. I guess, what I'll -- all I can say is it's certainly something we're very focused on. It's important for the long-term health of the business. So when we're not getting order count growth, it's something we're going to look at and work on very hard and we've got to get it back that way. So you will certainly see some changes, but other than that, I'm not going to tip off the competitors anymore.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. It's -- you know what? It's pretty broad. I've said in the past that we've certainly seen weakness in Greece, but we've got 35 stores there, and are working with our master franchisee on the ground to strengthen that business. We've seen a little weakness in Spain, but only a little. And really after that, the rest of Europe is strong. Asia is strong. I mean it's really -- it's very, very broad-based. And it's frankly something that we've been concerned about. I mean as you see the weakening economy, particularly in Europe, as we see those sales come in, it's something we've been looking at very closely for signs of weakness. And it just hasn't been there.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, well, I mean clearly, McDonald's employs a lot more people per store than we do on average. I will tell you that this is the case of -- or an instance of the devil's in the details, and the details aren't resolved yet. There are still a lot of things that need to be nailed down in terms of look-back periods and how long does somebody have to have been an employee for you and how consistently do they have to have been above a 30-hour level. And just all sorts of things that, frankly, from a unit economic standpoint, could still have a pretty material impact. So the answer is, it's certainly likely to be a cost, but in terms of nailing down the exact number, we've done it for -- the way it's written today. But I'm pretty sure you're going to see change between where we are today and when it gets enacted.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. Yes, I think the answer, Brian, is you got it exactly right. I mean in terms of second quarter, the story was more about lack of closures than it was about new openings. And that's ultimately a very healthy thing. I mean, the 5 closures in the second quarter was as low a number as I can remember for a very, very long time. And the unit economics are getting much healthier. I think my answer in terms of openings is going to be consistent with what I've said in the past, which is, we want to get back to some modest positive net growth domestically. We have more people working on it, and working with our franchisees on that than we have in the recent past. But it's still going to take some time. Financing is now, I'd say, much better and more available for larger franchisees. There is definitely access for our bigger players, but for 1 and 2 store folks that want to add another store, it's still relatively tough out there. So that's some of the constraint. And I think you're going to see what has been, I think, a little bit more conservative mindset given what we've all gone through the last 3 or 4 years. It's going to take some time before that's really going to crank up again.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. The payments that we get, for instance, on online ordering come in as a revenue. They're not kind of netted out against the expense.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, sandwiches have been -- yes. So far, in Q3, it's been mostly sandwiches. You're right, it has been a couple of years since we hit sandwiches. They've continued to do very well for us over time, even without advertising support. So it was definitely time to come back around to those. Second quarter was more around Artisan. I think for the quarter, we also had -- cheesy bread was finishing up kind of in the front part of the second quarter. And -- but sandwiches have been real successful, held together very nicely without television support. And it was just definitely time to come back around and hit those again.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, Jeffrey, the answer is, we've always got some incentives out there, I mean, have always had. We've got some that are a little more targeted right now at some specific geographies where we think there are opportunities for growth. If the question goes towards are we going to get into the lending business to try to generate store growth, the answer is no. We use our balance sheet very lightly for that. So are there going to be exceptions on that along the way? Yes. Do we have a little bit? Yes, but certainly, we're not going to make the material shift in strategy and using our balance sheet to kind of support the store growth. We don't think that's the right answer. But -- so, yes, there are some growth incentives out there. They may be a little bit better with some specific opportunities, but we kind of balance that out, and there have typically been some in the past as well. In fact, there have always been some in the past.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I guess what I'd say is, anytime -- I mean, there is absolutely going to be some balance and there are going to be some things that you think are going to drive it a little better than others. But anytime order counts are not positive, we're not going to be happy about it. And so as we put together our plan, that is certainly always the goal. There are some things that we know are going to drive that a little bit more relative to others, some things that are going to drive ticket a little bit more, and it's about getting the balance. But anytime that I'm telling you that orders aren't positive, I'm not going to be happy with that.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. Yes, I think it was around $70,000 last year. But kind of in that range. So we got -- we've talked about a range in the past of kind of $50,000 to $75,000. In the '08 time range, we were at the bottom end of that. We've now gotten back to up to the top end of that. And yes, you heard it right. The first 6 months or first half of the year, we were -- our franchise stores look like they were up around $5,000 versus the first half of last year. So a really nice move forward. And if you look at our corporate store numbers, they're actually up quite a bit more than that on a year-over-year basis.
J. Patrick Doyle: Only if you tell me what the debt is going to trade at, the stock is going to trade at and overall market conditions. And that's -- I mean, that's the answer. I mean, we're looking at all the possible uses of the cash, and we're going to use it in the way that we think is going to generate the best returns for our shareholders, and that's going to change based on how the debt is trading and how the stock is trading and overall market conditions. So clearly, second quarter, the answer was we thought buying our stock was the best use of cash, and that will change based on the market conditions.
J. Patrick Doyle: We're still definitely selling Parm bites. But you're always going to have the mix on that ease off when you go off air. So are they off from where they were when we were on television? Absolutely. But they're still moving nicely.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, our -- as I've said before, our order counts weren't positive in the second quarter. But I think the answer is, the U.S. consumer is still being pretty conservative about how they're spending money. The pizza category looks like it's continuing to be up a little bit, which is a positive from where it's been prior to the last couple of years. So we view that as a positive change overall. But I think that the U.S. consumer is still pretty darn conservative. And until we get some of the uncertainty resolved around the economy and taxes and et cetera, I think the consumer is going to stay pretty conservative.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, I mean, I think we've been gaining share for quite a while outside of U.S. and continue to. The best information we get is that outside of the U.S., we think the category is growing at about a 5% kind of a clip. And if you look at our store growth and our same-store sales growth, we're clearly taking share out there. And some of that is -- but with a growing category, it's more a question of who's getting more than their fair share of the growth as opposed to it necessarily coming out of somebody else's hide. And so I think it's more of that. We're clearly outperforming the category by a lot outside of the U.S., but it's in a pretty healthy category.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, we did. And we got pretty much exactly what we expected out of it. It's a small part of the business. It was expected to be a small part of the business. But for those who wanted gluten-free crust, it's a pretty big deal that we're offering it now.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I mean, the fact is category is growing. And you look at India and you know the story well there, our business has been absolutely booming in India and commodity prices have been up pretty good in India. So the answer is, no. I mean we've -- our group over there has announced when they've taken price increases and they have taken some price increases to offset the commodity pressure in India.
J. Patrick Doyle: So the answer in terms of Pizza Hut's, the model that you're talking about, is it's our model. They're basically talking about kind of a move away from their restaurants, their red roofs and using smaller footprints. And I think they've talked about that publicly before, that as they've looked at kind of their model and our model, they've seen some of the advantages in the approach that we've taken, the smaller footprint, et cetera. So that's the answer there. They're kind of -- if they're talking about that, I think that's really a move towards more Delco units than where they've historically been. In terms of Brazil, it is still relatively small, but it's growing nicely. We're getting good results there. We've got a strong partner down there that owns an Italian concept with a couple of hundred units. So, good experience in the restaurant industry. And we're getting good results. So you're right, it hasn't cracked the top 10 yet, but given the size and scale of the market, we're pleased with where we are, and really making very, very good progress down there. So that's something that probably won't hit the radar quite as much for a few more years, but it's an area where we're putting on a lot of focus.
J. Patrick Doyle: We've got a couple of dozen stores in Mainland China now. We're making progress. We've got a new partner that we're very happy with. We think we're running our stores better than we were before. They've got a good team on the ground. And I think we've got the model where it needs to be. We'd experimented with some bigger units over there over the past few years. And while we were experimenting with that, the consumer came towards us and started putting more value on the convenience of delivery. So we've kind of reset our model over there and definitely, it looks far more like a standard Domino's business now than it would have 2 or 3 years ago. So still very early, but like our partners, like the progress that we're making, we think we've got the model where it needs to be now. And kind of like Brazil, big market, so it's an area that's going to get a lot of focus over the next few years.
J. Patrick Doyle: All right. Well, thank you, all, for your questions today and being on the call. We look forward to speaking with you in October for our third quarter call.
Michael T. Lawton: That would be versus last year's reported numbers, so it will include -- it's not net of anything that we would collect from the franchisees for online or anything like that which is booked in revenue.
Michael T. Lawton: Mitch, I would say that the majority of it's got to do with the kind of product mix that we had, pricing that was out there. The fact is commodities for the quarter were relatively stable year-on-year, so it was not that we were getting a breakout of commodities, we just priced for it. We did get a little bit more leverage on our labor, which is attributable to, in part, to the online. But I would put more of it on the product mix of what we were selling.
Michael T. Lawton: I think that's always dependent upon a lot of circumstances between what food costs could do, what ObamaCare can do, what -- I mean, there's a lot of things that can affect us over time. We're going to try and make up for it, what those are, but it certainly is a level that we like to be at.
Michael T. Lawton: Now we've talked in the first quarter about the fact that we had unusually weird weather in the first quarter and analyzed it and had not had a lot of impact, and really the same kind of holds true for the second quarter. Weather just is not over the course of a quarter and across the country, as big as U.S., just doesn't make that much difference.
Michael T. Lawton: It's a little bit of renegotiating leases, it's a little bit of leverage, and it's also a little bit of the fact that energy cost that you use in the store are down a little bit. Natural gas has been coming down in a few markets, and that's helped a little bit.
