Patrick Doyle: We’re not actually going to be giving guidance on the actual dollar amount, but you’ll start to see a flow through in the first quarter of 2018.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, Brian, the real answer is that we’re watching all of those things, and we’ll continue to watch all of those things. We don't generally react to them, and as you’ve heard me say in the past, kind of specific pricing initiatives or promotions from competition just don't have that much relative effect on our results. And a lot of that just has to do with the level of fragmentation in the pizza category which remains far more fragmented than other restaurant categories. And so a specific customer or somebody new coming in is going to have less effect just simply because there's still so much more share that can be taken. So we watch all of those things, but ultimately, the decisions on how we run our business are going to be made off of the data that we’re collecting on our own customers' research that we’re doing. And that's really going to drive our actions. We certainly are watching everything else as changes are made, but decisions are being made based on our own customers and what we think is going to give them a better experience.
Patrick Doyle: So first of all, we didn't say that most of it came from loyalty. We said that it was significant. And so I want to clarify that first. It certainly has been an important part of our results over the course of the last couple of years since we launched loyalty. Beyond that, we are not yet giving kind of specifics around our loyalty program metrics on the loyalty. But in terms of how do we know the effect that it's having, we have pretty extraordinary data based on our model and used that actively to kind of model out our business. And we understand pretty clearly what is driving our business and how each of the components of the things that we’re doing are kind of feeding into that. So we know pretty precisely what's driving our business. We are not going to share that because we don't want to help our competition make better decisions around their business, but clearly loyalty has been helping. It’s been significant, but I didn't say that it is most of what's been driving the results.
Patrick Doyle: No, they don't have to vote on it, but, we are continuing to produce the results that we are because we’ve got great relationships with our franchisees and a lot of trust between us. And they are very excited about the investments that we’ve been making in technology and understand that if we’re going to continue to grow our lead, or at least maintain our lead in technology, we're going to need to continue to invest there. And so they’re very supportive of this increase. I think it's been about three years since we have changed the fee. We still are the best deal in the industry, and they recognize that as well. But we've got a great partnership with them, and so a specific vote wasn't required, but we're very cautious and we worry as much about their financial results and their ROI as we do about anything else. And so we recognize and are going to be very careful about how we take increases over time.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, it's continuing to grow nicely on both fronts in the domestic side. Over time, we've gotten a little more growth out of carryout than out of delivery, but we’re getting traction on both fronts domestically. And I think the same is really true overall in international, though that's going to vary a little bit market to market. But we're seeing strength on both.
Patrick Doyle: Sara, yes, it is absolutely the customers, and it's about carryout. And the environment in our stores is better now. All the people in those ads are franchisees in our system. They’re all good friends. And they’re proud of their stores and the way they’ve rebuilt them, and they are excited to show them off to customers.
Patrick Doyle: Well, consistency matters on pricing to our customers. And we’ve had basically the same national offer for seven, eight years, nine years now. And so people know the value that they’re going to be able to get from Domino's, and that has continued. And I guess what I would repeat is that short-term moves in pricing from competitors generally don't have that much effect because the category is so fragmented. And our largest competitor in the U.S. in total is all of the locals, and mom and pops, and regional chains. And so kind of their pricing in the aggregate doesn't move that much because it's a lot of individual decisions. So really, this goes back to what I said in my script about we don't kind of follow a flavor of the month. We don't use pricing and new products each month and all of those sorts of things to kind of attract attention. We use our resources to invest in what we think is going to generate a better experience for our customers today than it did a year ago. And so that's the answer, is we stay very focused on what we're doing and the consistency that people get from us -- is ultimately what drives the results.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, I mean, it still was overwhelmingly order count growth in the quarter. There was a little bit of ticket. Some of that, as I think we’ve talked about before, understanding ticket in our business is -- there are a lot of things that are going into the math equation. So it's the split between carryout and delivery. It's the split between digital and phone orders and walk-in orders. There are just a lot of different things that factor into that. One thing that probably did play into that a little bit is a year ago we started running -- or now a little over a year ago, we started running the full week carry out special. And so as we kind of start coming off of or start lapping that, the fact that that was a little bit more aggressive price point in that particular area a year ago -- and now because it's consistent, other things that may be playing into the ticket overall start having that effect. But there's nothing dramatic going on from a pricing standpoint. We’re very, very consistent as we’ve talked about it from pricing. It's really more just about kind of the component parts, what's growing a little bit more than other areas.
Patrick Doyle: We’re not going to kind of give forward-looking guidance on pricing. We certainly aren't going to give our competition kind of a heads up on that. I guess I would just repeat that the consistency of what we do is pretty powerful. And you did say on the digital increase, we haven’t had a digital increase yet, and our digital orders are more profitable on average than our non-digital orders. And the $0.04 increase would have a nominal effect on that. They will still be more profitable for our franchisees than non-digital. So overall, we’re still pretty darn bullish on franchise profitability.
Patrick Doyle: Now, also the timing issue in the quarter is simply some of the conversions that we’ve had out there. And there was a lot of growth coming out of the conversions. And we’ve kind of -- we’re kind of rolling off of that now. So those were going to be lumpy, and it's certainly not something that you can expect on a regular basis from us. The 6% to 8% guidance on net unit growth remains the same for us, and so that is ultimately where we think we are going to be most of the time. India is still growing store counts and the business in India is doing well. And you saw their latest results. They had a nice step up in their comps. We are really the dominant player in India. But what I would say is new CEO came in, and we agree with the decision that they took the foot off the gas just a little bit. With the demonetization from a year ago, and I guess we’re just coming up on a year now and then the imposition of the GST not long after that, his view and totally agree and that the owner's view was, “You know what? Let's slow down the pace of growth a little bit while we kind of adjust around the new realities of the marketplace.” But the business in India continues to do very, very well. We’re getting comp growth. We’re getting store growth. The store growth is just at a little bit more measured pace than it was in the past. And that's the real primary difference in kind of the organic growth. But all of which is within the context of continuing to believe that our long-term guidance around 6% to 8% is correct.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, so the - any effect from splits continues to be very, very consistent. And I think kind of the balance of growth, that 6% to 8% growth in net store units and how much of that is coming from splits versus green field, has stayed relatively constant. I think we got ourselves into better shape in the U.K. That was certainly a big focus last quarter from people, and my statement at the time was it's fixable, and it was fixable. And they had a very good quarter. They released a couple of days to go, and that renewed momentum in that business. And the U.K. is 20-ish% of our retail sales in our international business. So they matter a lot in our overall comp. And so the acceleration that they had in the third quarter certainly is a big part of the overall move in our third quarter.
Patrick Doyle: No, actually no on both of those. We’re not charging more because the features have improved. We increased it because we want to invest in making it better going forward. And a higher percentage of our delivery orders are placed digitally than our carryout orders. But that's not really factoring into how we’re thinking about that fee.
Patrick Doyle: So, yes, we didn't say that it was bigger in the third quarter than in previous quarters. We just said that it continues to be a significant part of our comp growth. And what we did just say in my script is that we are going to be advertising it again this quarter. Otherwise, a lot of the support for it is coming from digital advertising and I'm not going to go into the specifics of how much of what we’re doing digitally is playing into it, but the biggest thing that we’ve done in terms of the loyalty program is change it so that you can earn anywhere. So that people can earn points if they’re ordering over the phone or if they’re ordering if they walk into the store. Though, that's relatively uncommon. They will still have to redeem digitally at the end of the process, but they’re going to be able to earn points by any order that take. So otherwise, I don't know that there's significant shift in how we’re promoting in the third quarter, but you are going to see it on television in the fourth quarter.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, it really was more about getting the value equation right and it just had gotten a little bit out of line. It was very fixable and they fixed it. And we got some momentum again. And it's not deep discounting at all. But it was just getting that equation a little bit better as I think they had missed it a bit during the second quarter.
Patrick Doyle: So certainly If there's going to be an impact, it’s going to be in the major metro areas more than the smaller markets. And it’s going to be tough. As we understand the economics of some of these providers, their economics are certainly better in big cities than they are in smaller towns. So to the extent to which there's an effect, you’re certainly going to see it more in the major metros than somewhere else. We continue to track it very closely. If there is an effect from it, it's in the one point range. There's not certainly a big effect, but if there is, it is certainly going to be more in the major markets than in smaller markets. But it is still a limited effect.
Patrick Doyle: The market where it is most developed is China, and we’re doing great in China. And there was certainly a lot of discussion after the second quarter as to whether or not this was really about aggregators in the U.K. And I think you saw that third quarter was pretty darn good in the U.K. So I guess what I would say is we continue to monitor it very closely. There is not a significant effect. If there is, as I said, it's pretty limited. And in terms of the markets where it's more developed, our results in China are strong and our results in the U.K. are strong.
Patrick Doyle: Well, the good news is that all we have to understand here at Domino's is how the customer is going to interact with that, and make sure that we are ready for it when it comes. The Ford and other people working on this -- and the government. As regulations develop, they’re going to be the ones who are going to be really determining when it rolls out at scale. Ford has talked about 2021 model year that they’re going to be delivering a significant number of these vehicles. I think you’re going to see adoption starting to really impact things somewhere between three years and ten years. And it's going to take time, and there are a lot of parties that are involved in that that are going to have a lot more control than this Ann Arbor-based pizza company. Our job is to make sure that we understand how we're going to be able to adapt it to the customer, and how it's going to play into our business, and how we can make sure that we’re going to be ahead of curve on this. And I guess the analogy I would make on this is voice. And when we rolled out voice on our app -- so natural voice ordering on our apps, now probably four years ago, something in that range, we talked about the fact that we thought this was important and that it was going to be an increasingly large part of our business going forward and how people were going to interact with technology. And we were out doing that ahead of everybody else and the first people taking commercial orders with natural voice. And you see now how that's played out. And our very developed abilities in that area have given us competitive advantage as natural voice is becoming more and more a part of how people interact with technology. So what I would say is three or four years ago as I was talking about natural voice, it was not clear exactly when that was going to start being widespread, but we were pretty confident that it would. We are equally confident that self-driving vehicles are going to have a material impact on transportation. And we've got to understand how we’re going to play in that space. And it's why we’re investing some resources against that and starting to understand how it’s going to affect our customers, how their behavior would need to change, et cetera. So the exact timing is going to be harder to predict and definitely not something that’s i-controlled or probably anything that any government agencies will be asking me about. But we are pretty confident it’s going to come and we've got to understand it and understand how we’re going to leverage it for competitive advantage when it does roll out.
Patrick Doyle: So thanks, John, and the answer is as a percentage of our ticket, we’re kind of in the range of 1 point. And I guess a bit over a point at $0.25, but it is still in that range of 1%. If you look at Grubhub, which is today the largest kind of straight order aggregator in the U.S., I think they have said that their average is about 15% right now. And so our approach to this is if you give our franchisees a 14% cost advantage, we're going to win on value. And we want to give them the best deal. We want to have the best technology. Topline growth in our business is going to be the best way to generate value for our shareholders over time. And we are very aligned with our franchisees about the approach that we’re taking to the business and how we’re going to create value for them and for our shareholders. And so doing this with moderate incremental increases allows our franchisees to maintain a real value advantage over people who are paying dramatically more. And we think that's important. And our approach to this is, I think, borne out in far better growth than pretty much everybody, and so that's kind of thinking that's going into it. Sure, we can always take it up more and have a quick bump out of that, but that's not our goal with technology. This is something that we are doing with our franchisees to create competitive advantage in the marketplace. And they are sharing in the cost of developing that.
Patrick Doyle: I'm not going to get into projecting pricing going forward. But certainly we feel very good about our strategy and kind of how we’re approaching this. And this is an area where our scale allows us to spread our investments over a very big store base. It is an area where we can kind of leverage big investments that are being made centrally across a very large group of stores, domestically and around the world. And that's an advantage that we’re bringing to the marketplace for people who are part of the Domino's system. And so we feel really good about it.
Patrick Doyle: I guess what I’d say, I’d repeat what I was before. If there is an effect and I’d say if there was an effect, you’re looking at it being relatively modest.
Patrick Doyle: Overall, they’re doing a terrific job. And so today our service levels to our customers are better than they have ever been. I would also give a shout out to our supply chain folks who have also needed to keep up with the volume growth. And that's why we’ve talked about kind of increased investments coming there and are needed. But overall, our stores are doing a really nice job of not only keeping up with it, but continuing to improve, the service, and I would add, it is part of why you’re seeing more stores being built. That's the other way of increasing capacity. And what you’re seeing over time -- if you look back at our sales growth three or four years ago, it was fundamentally 100% same-store sales growth and effectively flat store counts. You’re now seeing far more balance in how we’re growing our business overall. So you’re seeing now on a trailing 12-month basis something in the range of 4% growth coming from store count growth. And so I think it's important, as you look at the business and kind of analyze how you’re doing, how we’re doing, that you’re looking at overall retail sales growth along with kind of the straight up same-store sales growth, because clearly, one of the ways that our franchisees are maintaining or even improving service levels to our customers is by building more stores to handle that volume. So overall, they’re doing a terrific job, and one of the net effects of that is kind of continued growth in stores in the U.S. and around the world.
Jeff Lawrence: I mean, the dynamics you have on the U.S. side for franchise kind of effective percentages are more around store opening incentives that we provide in certain circumstances. That sometimes can bring that down from the general 5.5% contractual rate that is paid. On the international side, you do have fees coming in on the technology, on our global platform which is in now more than 30 markets around the world. That can help it. The thing that kind of hurts that a little bit in the last year or so has been all the conversions that we’ve done. So a little bit of puts and takes there, but that’s going to bounce around a little bit as that map plays out.
Jeff Lawrence: No, the conversion, incentives that we give so that they have the capital to reinvest in the brand and put up the leaseholds and the signs and such can generally last a couple years or so, and it starts to ramp back up to the normal rate. So that’ll have a little bit more time to get back to where we need it to be.
Jeff Lawrence: Peter, this is Jeff. It's really just the continuation of the investments that are planned plus the additional expense that you get when quite frankly you grow sales as fast as we do. We have things that are variable in G&A that correlate directly to sales growth. So as we continue quarter after quarter to put up the kind of results we’re seeing, at some point we’re compelled to kind of update that guidance. We believe the 350 to 355 number is the right number with kind of three months to go. And that's why we are raising it at this point.
Jeff Lawrence: Well, just we have pretty aggressive internal goals here. We don't -- we’re not resting on our past success, so when we get together with our board and they put our internal goals together, they’re pretty aggressive. And despite the fact that we had what we believe to be just a blowout great quarter, it was just a little bit lower than it was as far as outperformance versus the prior year, when you look at Q3 over Q3. And so when you add that up, it's a little bit less.
Jeff Lawrence: So as far as your model, we’re not going to give the actual dollar amount. What I can tell you is it’ll be all the stores in the U.S. times their digital orders times $0.04 more for the year. So you can kind of coalesce around that and try to get to a dollar amount, but we’re not going to give guidance specifically around that. As far as the incremental -- and don't forget we endeavored to increase the digital mix as well over time, right? So it’s incremental there too. But again, as Patrick said, this is done -- we have our innovation technology plan. We have the teams in place to deliver that value. That's a barge moving down the river, over time, every couple two, three years at least in the past we’ve raised the fee, again, to try to keep it very competitive and the best value in the industry which we believe we have. And so they’re not directly tied to each other kind of lockstep. And I won't comment as to whether it's a net zero or not.
Jeff Lawrence: So, Steven, this is Jeff. The updated guidance on G&A we gave is the GAAP number, the gross general administrative expense number. We’re raising it $350 million to $355 million for the full fiscal year. I know we’ve got a couple of months, two, three months to go here. And that would include all of the gross G&A costs, including corporate store advertising, performance-based compensation -- it includes all of that, so -- and continued investments, obviously most importantly in technology and analytics, to really help drive the business. So it's an all-in number.
