RitchAllison: Sure, Brian. Thanks for the question. Yes, we are getting an incredible opportunity today to bring more customers into the brand. As you look at the delivery business in particular we've seen a significant increase in new customer acquisition over the course of the second quarter. And our task there is to take those new customer opportunities and convert them into the second purchase and the third and ultimately loyal customers going forward. We've been working hard on that and the second quarter was our best quarter for driving new active loyalty members. Best quarter we've had since Q1 of 2019 when we ran our Points for Pies promotion. So working hard to convert these customers into loyal customers such that we can continue to earn their business over time.
RitchAllison: Sure. So, Matt, I'll talk about that in kind of two parts. First on the US side of the business, certainly during the quarter we had challenges around the country with construction delays, with permitting delays et cetera driven by the pandemic. But still really pleased with the store growth that we were able to achieve during the quarter and as I look out into the future I expect us to see more and more opportunities to accelerate unit growth in the US. When you look at the increase in the business that we're seeing today and I think also as you look at some of the real estate opportunities that may present themselves that weren't available in the past, I think. We've got a strong opportunity to continue to accelerate that US store growth. On the International side, the situation is very different from market to market. In markets around the world where we did not have significant store closures or trading restrictions, the business has been very, very strong. And those markets have continued to press ahead with their development goals in the near term. And then we've got other markets where we've had significant numbers of temporary store closures where really the near-term focus of those master franchisees is to get those stores open again and re-establish those operations. So I expect on the international side for things to remain choppy here in the near term. But when I think about the medium to the long term, I still have a very high level of confidence around our growth opportunities that we've got outside the US.
RitchAllison: Nick, the new customer acquisition during the quarter was really concentrated around our delivery business which is probably not surprising to many of you as customers sought a contactless experience and an experience where they didn't have to leave their homes to get their food. So more so than in the carryout side of our business where there was a lot of caution out there among customers about going out into public, into places of business during the quarter. So that's really where the bulk of the customer acquisition came in. And then also we saw improvements in our customer retention across the delivery side of the business as well. So a strong quarter really on both fronts as it relates to our delivery business. The digital, in our digital percentage ran about 75% during the quarter popping up as much as 80% in any given week, which has given us yet another opportunity to grow that engagement with our customers and an opportunity to continue to bring them on and into our loyalty program. And as I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks, Q2 was that the best quarter we've seen in over a year in terms of adding active new members to our Piece of the Pie Reward loyalty program.
RitchAllison: Yes. There are, Jeff, there are a lot of consistent patterns when you look around the world. The desire on the part of customers to have a contactless experience is certainly high and when our international master franchisees do their customer research, they see a lot of the same things that we see in the US, which is safety, has really risen very high in terms of customer needs. The other things that have always been there like value, consistent service, great products still there but safety has risen pretty high on the list. So generally what you do see then is more growth on the delivery side of the business and then in some of our international markets where we had more of a dine-in component and again we don't really do table service anywhere around the world. But we do have in a number of our emerging markets larger dining rooms and a higher percentage of customers who choose to sit down and eat their food in our stores.  That part of the business certainly saw a lot of pressure in a number of cases where those dining rooms were closed or where customers were just very cautious about going in and eating in a public place. And you take all those things into account and you end up with some, as I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, some fairly disparate impacts with some markets really seeing a tailwind as we have had in the US and then some other markets which you've seen a lot more pressure on their business, in their comps.
RitchAllison: Yes. Chris, so no, it isn't, to the first part of your question not a change from our plan this year. We had planned to have several new products coming out during 2020. And as I mentioned earlier very excited that we've began the rollout last week of our new wings. And we'll have more product news coming over the course of the next couple of months. We take it, I talked a lot about and I talked in my prepared remarks about the approach that we take to new product development. We don't do it just for news but we're looking for products that can remain on the menu and deliver great incremental sales and profit to our franchisees. One of the things that we've observed as we've seen this huge boom in delivery over the course of the last couple of years is we're trying to keep an eye on product categories that customers are really adopting at higher rates for delivery. And certainly wings are one of those -- one of the fastest growing categories out there. And so we saw an opportunity number one to improve our wings based on the feedback that we got from consumers. But also a great opportunity to bring terrific value by putting a ten-piece wing offer in to our $7.99 platform. And you'll recall that we started some years ago with our large three topping pizza at $7.99. And then over time we've expanded that across the remaining crust types and now we're looking at wings that yet another great opportunity to add to that mix-and-match platform. So I think you're going to see us, we're going to continue to stay focused on new product development but with the parameters that I always talk about which is we don't do it just for news. We're going to do it if we think it brings sustained sales and profit to the franchisees.
RitchAllison: Yes. So, Lauren, we've not seen honestly a lot of discernible difference when we look across, regionally across the US in the second quarter. I will say that our rule and suburban locations have generally performed better then some of the denser more urban centers around the country. And as all of you know, our brand relative to some of the other restaurant brands is more tilted in terms of our sales coming from more of those rural and suburban locations. And then as it relates to how our business performed in the quarter relative to what was going on with sit-down restaurant reopening and things like that. I would tell you that it's still pretty early to draw any discernible conclusions there. As Jeff said, we didn't see any slowdown in momentum all the way through the end of the second quarter. And that was as a number of states and cities around the country were reopening dine-in. But even with that said, those that were reopening were only reopening at 50% and at most 75% capacity. And as we're all aware some of those things are actually being reversed as we speak and as we another spike unfortunately in COVID-19 cases. So still a very dynamic and evolving marketplace out there for us.
RitchAllison: Hey, David. It's Ritch. We're not going to break down those specific numbers for competitive reasons. But back to some of what I was describing earlier. If you take a look at the delivery business, we saw a significant uptick in new customer acquisition on the delivery side of the business and also very strong retention or repeat purchases from existing customers. If you look on the carryout side of the business, great repeat purchase from existing customers but not as strong on the acquisition side on the carryout business. And that's not surprising honestly when you think about the fact that during the quarter many consumers were very reluctant to go outside of the home and to places of business. Now as we watched those patterns evolve over the course of the quarter, we moved very aggressively to implement our Domino's car side delivery. And we're actually on TV advertising that today you've probably seen our ads. But that is really an effort to number one; create a terrific carryout experience for the customer where they never even have to get out of their car. It is contactless in that our store team members will bring the pizza out of the store and will put it in the customer's trunk or backseat wherever they want to put it. So in the near term it really is all about driving customer acquisition in frequency for the carryout business. But over the long term, it's a great way for us to compete against the drive-through that so many other QSR have but that we have in a very limited number of our US stores. So just one example of an innovation there that we are focused on not only to address the demand dynamics of the near term. But also as we think about how we position the brand for success in the future.
RitchAllison: Thanks John. First on the fortress thing. I am if anything more enthusiastic about fortressing given what we've seen during the pandemic and the increased sales and momentum that we've had there around our delivery business. And carryout has been growing in a very strong way for quite some time also. So when I take a look at it I just see more opportunity to get more stores on the map from a demand standpoint. Also when we think about the real estate environment out there, I also think that we are going to have in the near and medium term a fairly unprecedented opportunity in terms of the availability and affordability of real estate out there. As an unfortunate reality of the pandemic is that there will be a number of retail stores and restaurants that will close, quite a few of which will be in a similar footprint kind of environment to what we look for. And then I think also we may see a more favorable market in terms of rents that we can go out there and get with landlords. So I'm as optimistic as and even more so than ever around fortressing. On your second question around the third-party aggregator market, certainly it has been a very interesting quarter as it relates to news out there about possible consolidation. I've been talking for a long time about the fact that the only way that business gets to profitability is through some form of consolidation over time. Given what has happened recently with a couple of deals that have been announced, frankly, I don't see that change in the competitive dynamic a whole lot. Certainly for the near term I expect those aggregators to still remain very promotional in terms of how they're going out to acquire customers. And I expect them to remain pretty aggressive in particular with how they go out and cut deals with the largest QSRs. So when we take a look at it from Domino's perspective, we expect it to continue to be a highly competitive environment that we will participate in and we expect it to continue to be a pretty tough environment for the third-party aggregators in terms of their ability to drive profitable transactions.
RitchAllison: Sure. Dennis, I think certainly the initial stimulus checks and additional unemployment I think no doubt have enabled a lot of consumers to continue to eat, to eat out, to order food delivery et cetera. How much of the business is driven by that, we honestly don't know. I can tell you that as we look forward, there's a lot of uncertainties obviously around what that stimulus might look like post July. But we're remaining very focused on value. Frankly, as we always have been because we're going to be in a recession for some period of time here where consumers' pocketbooks are going to be under pressure. And so we've got to have great value with our national offers, great value on our menus and we got to have great value with respect to what we charge customers to deliver that food. And I feel very good about where Domino's is positioned on those fronts.
RitchAllison: Chris, I think if anything it increases potentially the opportunity over time. Obviously, we don't know exactly how long we're going to be in this COVID-19 pandemic. We don't know when we're going to have a vaccine or effective therapeutics. But significant disruptions like this do tend to accelerate changes in market share and create opportunity. And as we take a look at this, we are looking for opportunities to move even more aggressively to get stores open. And so if anything, I see an opportunity that could only grow over time.
RitchAllison: So, Katy. It's Ritch. On the ticket dynamic, a little different across the two businesses. Growth in delivery really driven both by order count growth and also ticket, but with a pretty heavy growth in order count. On the carry out business growth for the court are really driven more by ticket. And in both cases it is -- it's more items. Customers are ordering larger basket sizes and it's really interesting. One of the things that we have heard over the quarter is that customers are actively putting more food in the basket to have leftovers the next day. So they're thinking about not just that evening's meal but how they're planning for the following day. How much of that dynamic continues following COVID-19, we honestly don't know today. We're continuing to obviously track it and follow it, but at this point it is really hard to say given where we are in the cycle of this pandemic.
RitchAllison: Hey, John. It's Ritch. First on Dash, we're quite happy to be a minority partner in that business. It's got -- there's a great group of partners that own the rest of the equity in that business and a terrific management team on the ground to lead that. So we see this is -- it is a great opportunity to create value for DPZ but also to be a great thought partner and strategic partner with the Board there and the management team as we grow the business. Looking elsewhere around the globe, we've never said never on investing in these international businesses. Dash happened to be a terrific opportunity to do that. If others were to come around at some point in the future, we would we might consider that but the bar is very high. You've only seen us do this one time in any recent memory. So it's not something that you should expect us to do in wide-scale.
RitchAllison: Sure, Greg. When I think about what's going on at least so far with COVID, I think, the reality is it has accelerated a lot of trends that were already in place in our industry. When you think about a digital adoption, when you think about the migration from on-premise to off-premise through delivery and carryout, those things have just accelerated and leapt forward by a year or two or three years. So what I look at what we need to do going forward, a lot of it is doubling down on the things that we've been doing. Fortressing for example, to make sure that we continue to get closer and more convenient to our customers. We haven't slowed down a bit in terms of our investment in the digital side of our business and making the ordering experience easier for customers, ordering all the way through paying and receiving your food both for the delivery and the carryout experience there. I will tell you that one thing that is very different in COVID is just the heightened sensitivity around food safety and contactless methods. So we've invested heavily there and my expectation is that is going to continue to be important to customers for quite some time to come. So I think that is one thing that is likely to be a bit different. As customers have -- many customers have ordered delivery that had never ordered delivery before. I think our ability to offer variety is going to be even more important in the future than it is today. So that's why you've seen us renovate a product in wings that needed to be renovated. It is a category that is growing rapidly here as we look through COVID. And we're looking to other opportunities around menu innovation as well to take advantage of the fact that the customers are just choosing to order delivery more often and across a much wider variety of food. So, Greg, doubling down on some of the same strategies but then also leaning in maybe a little bit more on some of the other things that we believe we need to do to be very competitive going forward.
RitchAllison: Sure. Jeff, hey, first on the third party. It's only strengthened by point of view that we don't need to be on those platforms. I cannot imagine that we would have been able to move as quickly as we have and meeting our customer as Jeff described where they wanted to be, if we didn't have full control over that digital experience and the actual contactless experience at the point of delivering the food. And we've had pretty strong growth in demand without having to pay significant -- without having to ask our franchisees to pay high fees to a third party. So my point of view is strengthened. Your second part of your question around day parts, since the last time Jeff and I spoke to you about the business, at that time I think we talked about lunch growing pretty rapidly. Dinner being softer; we've seen more balance there in terms of growth at lunch, growth at dinner. I will tell you that the evening day part is still relatively weak versus what in terms of growth compared with the growth that we're seeing across some of the other day parts in the business but by and large continuing to see strong at lunch and strong at dinner.
RitchAllison: Yes. So, Brett, franchisee profitability as I think we shared last time, 2019 was our strongest year. So, we were pleased to come into this pandemic in a position of strength and that has really continued through the course the pandemic. Certainly, some franchisees see stronger profits than others depending upon where you're located around the country. But continues to be very strong with the sales growth that we have seen. When you -- you are asking what franchisees are asking for. Well, I'll tell you during the second quarter it really was about helping them adapt to this new environment. So we were -- we've been on a cadence of more frequent franchisee communication than we probably ever had in the history of our brand of really working together literally day-by-day, hour-by-hour to implement new operating procedures across the business. Working together to implement new technology solutions to better enable these contactless experience and those were things that franchisees were craving and where we worked very hard to meet their needs and work together to get those things rolled out. And as we look forward, we're going to continue to invest in tech across our business from the technology that you hold in your hand with your smartphone when you order from us all the way through the store. And how we run and operate our business inside the four walls of the box. That's going to continue to be a big focus for us in an area where our franchisees would love to have us continue to help them when we think about how they continue to run efficient businesses and continue to drive their bottom-line profitability.
RitchAllison: Yes. I can tell you we're awfully glad that we had already opened our centers in New Jersey and that we got the center in South Carolina opened this year to help us keep up with all of this unprecedented demand. As I mentioned earlier, we're going to open in Katy, Texas later this year. We're going to add some thin crust capacity to our system. We are continuing to look at and our supply chain network and as we've talked about in the past you should expect to see us continue to add centers over time, which is a great problem or opportunity depending on how you want to describe it. We're going to have to continue to add more capacity to support our franchisees around the country.
RitchAllison: Yes. Jon, I mean it is so hard to tell is what's going to happen with respect to sports. For us, it doesn't matter if people are sitting in the stands at all, if it's on TV, people will gather and order pizza. So from where we are today, here in the summer I guess there's only upside as we look through the back half of the year as sports come on to TV. It is remarkable what we find ourselves watching on TV now as we kind of as we crave live action sports. But I wish I knew Jon. I really wish I knew and hopefully we'll get back to more of a state of normal around some of those sports as we work through the fall and winter.
RitchAllison: Yes. Jon, what I would say is that the stronger you were in digital and the stronger you were and off-prem the better off you're doing. If you go down the scale on both of those two dimensions, I think whether its chains or independence there's more of a struggle. If you are weak in digital and weak in off-prem.
RitchAllison: Hey, Andrew. We're not going to disclose today the number of active members. We do that about once a year or so, it has been our past practice and we'll stick with that. When you -- you talk about penetration in other markets, as we look across the globe and we have -- we're the number one pizza player in about half of the 90 odd international markets that we operate in. And we have a number of markets where our share is significantly higher than the share that we hold in the U.S. business today. And that is one of the things that continues to give us some confidence that there's a big opportunity to continue to earn more business from the customers in the U.S. We still only serve about one out of every five QSR Pizzas that are going to get eaten tonight and our share is significantly better than that in a number of the international markets around the globe, which gives us a lot of confidence.
JeffLawrence: Hey, Matt. It's Jeff. I'll take the China, a part of that then I'll kick it over to Ritch for the development outlook. We're not disclosing the percentage ownership. It is a minority investment. We put in $40 million. We may be required and/or we have the option to put in another $40 million at the beginning of 2021. And listen; as Ritch said in his prepared remarks, this is just a very exciting growth market for us. Ritch and I have a lot of personal experience spending a lot of time there. And we know that if we want to hit our long-term aspirations as a brand, we have to have China be a thriving market for us. So we're viewing this very strategically in addition to being what we think will be a good financial investment. But more importantly, really a strategic investment where we can bring to bear all of our capabilities, our centers of excellence and really partner with that master in just a more intimate and close way to help accelerate the growth long term. So very excited about the investment. We think that it will be great for all of our stakeholders and with that I'll kick it over to Ritch to talk a little bit about development outlook.
JeffLawrence: Hey, Pete. Appreciate the counting words and I'll take a shot at this one. You know that we continue and have for as long as Ritch and I've been here and before that to be very serious about investing in our technological capabilities going forward. I think everybody who follows Domino's knows that we are a believer, a big believer in voice technology generally. You can order obviously on your digital or your mobile phone right now using a voice assistant. And we've been working on phone Dom trying to use artificial intelligence to take a full order. We've made great strides in that.  The partnership that you referenced again is just part of our overall strategy to continue to invest and get smarter in this area. But more than that starts to get into kind of future strategic stuff that we're quite frankly not going to disclose because of competitive reasons. But do know that one of the great things that we've been able to do and even during this pandemic is continue to invest with the long-term, the long-term brand in mind. We have not slowed down in our technological investments and in some ways we've actually accelerated as you've seen us rolled GPS. You've seen us roll car side delivery. So I think that this crisis has really shown us that we can move faster. We can with our great franchisees execute a little bit faster. And we're meeting the customers where they want to meet us on technology and voice is just part of that. So that be the color I give you on that. But just know that we are and remain committed to all the technological investments that we talk to you all about, really encouraged by what we've been able to roll out over the last three or four months. And quite frankly gives us a lot of confidence that we'll be able to do some more that in the future.
JeffLawrence: So, Katy, I think we heard you a little bit on that. I'll take a shot at it. What I would tell you is this; customer behavior that we're seeing during the pandemic is really meeting Domino's where we already were with great carryout, great delivery, a frictionless technological experience. Great value and so in many ways I think this pandemic has just accelerated a lot of what we thought we probably would have earned over time. But that it came to us quickly. And as it relates to delivery versus carryout, those two different service methods. When we see places that have restrictions lifted around carryout, we sell more carryout, while still having a great delivery business. So to us, it's less about is a certain day park shutdown, as a certain regulation happen, we know that when customers have unfettered access to Domino's that we will build, we have every chance to build sustainable relationships and sales with these customers over time. We clearly saw that during Q2 again with no discernible drop-off in demand through the end of the quarter. And that a lot of confidence that for the foreseeable future customers are going to continue to really value both delivery and the carryout experiences as allowed by local and state ordinances depending on where you're at. So for us, again, we feel like this has just been us meeting the customer where they were already going the pandemic, I think, is accelerated that. And then again on our side, we've tried to meet the customer where they want to be by rolling out the innovations faster and more efficiently. And by the way kudos to our 800 franchise partners in the United States. The job that they have done as Ritch mentioned in his prepared remarks with rewriting operational procedures, executing at a high level, keeping service up during this pandemic has been nothing short of just outstanding. So that would be the commentary that I think we could give you around that, but we're in the right businesses. You want to be in carryout; you want to be in delivery whether there's a pandemic or not and with that I'll pause. And I think you had -- I think we will allow you quick a quick follow-up if you talk louder.
