J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, Brian. I'm not going to get into kind of the first quarter, obviously, but I guess what I'd say is nothing that's been happening in terms of kind of the government and what's happening there has been a surprise. And we've been talking about value for a long time, we've been delivering value for a couple of years, and it's been delivering good results for us. So really no change on that front. And kind of what happened in January didn't come as a surprise. Pan Pizza clearly performed very, very well, I think even exceeded our expectations a little bit. And the technology has continued to move along nicely. So I'm not going to get into Q1, as I know you know I won't. But what I would say is that nothing that's happened in the first quarter has been a surprise in terms of what's happened with the government and all of that. So we were prepared for that, we were doing what we expected to -- that we needed to do to kind of meet that environment.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think the answer is we wanted it to be a meaningful dividend. It's kind of 35% to 40% of our net income for last year and roughly 1/3 or so of our free cash flow. I think free cash flow last year came in at about $146 million. So it still leaves us $100 million of free cash flow on last year's number that we can use flexibly. And so I think the answer was this is an environment where there are a lot of investors looking for yield. The consistency of our cash flow lends itself to being able to do this. We wanted to give people a material yield, but at the same time, maintain some flexibility with still incremental free cash flow to make decisions going forward on how we're going to spend it. So that's really the thought. And as to what the future is going to be, that's going to be decisions we're going to make in the future as we see how the business is growing and developing.
J. Patrick Doyle: What I can tell you is -- well, I'm not going to get into the specific mix, because I know our competitors would love that number, as I think you knew. The answer is, it did exceed our expectations a little bit, and we did finish the year -- after a first half where order counts have been down, we were strong enough on order counts in the second half of the year, and particularly in the fourth quarter, that we finished with modestly positive order counts for the year. So the overall effect was great. We definitely drove more customers into the franchise. I'm not going to give the specific number on mix, but I will tell you that it was a bit ahead of our expectations.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, Michael. The answer is it will be up somewhat. You've still got media inflation to offset. You will see some of this going to digital, which -- as opposed to just mass media advertising. And importantly, as I said in my prepared remarks, our recommendation to our system is that this is a shift in spending, that this is not an incremental spend, but that they're taking basically an equal amount out of their local spend, which is mostly print, and moving it to the national level, because we're just simply seeing a better return on investment of those dollars. I think what's most important in it, frankly, is that our system had the confidence and the trust in what we're doing and the results that we've been driving to make that commitment to us. So I think the answer, Michael, is you're going to see some increase in mass; you'll see probably a little more increase in digital, where we continue to have a great return on investment. But it should be a shift in spending, not necessarily, in the totality of their advertising spend, a net increase.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, Michael, first of all, it's a long-term forecast. You said something about 75 stores that I didn't get at the beginning. We opened 492 net internationally for the year. You said something about 75 and I didn't...
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, we've got a bigger base. I mean, we finished the year at over 10,200. So you'd have to be -- we'd have to be well north of 600 net stores. And last year, we were just a little over 500. So that would be -- we were right in the middle of that range last year, where we were, and that is our best guidance for where we think we're going to be, is kind of that 4% to 6% on a long-term basis.
J. Patrick Doyle: Okay, it was the net increase. Got it. Got it. No, I mean, look, it was a terrific year for us on store growth. And part of that is what led us to increasing the range on net openings to kind of the 4% to 6% range. But -- so now I get it on 75, that was the net increase in the openings versus the prior year. But no, that would be a pretty big increase to get us over the top of that 6%.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. So carryout has grown a little bit faster than delivery over the last few years, but we're getting growth from both sides of the business. But in the overall category, particularly going back even a little bit longer term, carryout has clearly been a little stronger than delivery, if you go back kind of 3 to 5 years. From a profitability standpoint, the ticket on a carryout customer is lower than the ticket on a delivery customer, but your costs are also lower because you're not delivering to them. So net-net, we're relatively agnostic between -- from a profit standpoint on carryout or delivery. They're both nicely incremental for us when we pick up new orders on either side. So -- but yes, I think the one thing in there is carryout has definitely been a little healthier than delivery over the last few years.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, typical is that they're spending a couple of percent more. So they've got 2% or so more that they're spending on -- mostly on print. So the coupons that you're seeing showing up in the Sunday papers and in your mailbox. And we're simply seeing a better ROI on the activities that we're doing at a national level than we've seen on some of the local. We did a lot of research around it, kind of media mix modeling, and went back to them with a recommendation and said, "We think you should keep your overall spend consistent with what it's been, but the shift 0.5% out of your local into the national."
J. Patrick Doyle: What I'd tell you is what we've been most worried about -- and I think you've heard me say this before, has been Europe. And it just hadn't been showing up in the numbers. And I think you've seen in the restaurant industry, you've seen a little bit more pressure there than the other regions, and it hasn't shown up in our numbers. And this was another quarter where we were watching it carefully. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, Spain actually finished positive in the fourth quarter, which was a bit of a turn for us. So that's the -- that's it. I mean, there are some smaller markets that have been negative. I've talked about Greece in the past, and there are certainly a few others out there. But overall, geographically, it's been pretty strong everywhere.
J. Patrick Doyle: John, I think the -- really, what we saw is there were occasions -- I mean, we brought in some new customers, but I don't know that it brought in any more than we are typically bringing in. I think what we saw more was customers who already did business with Domino's that would take their pan business elsewhere started giving us some of those occasions. And I think that was -- I think what that was really the primary thing that was going on.
J. Patrick Doyle: We had very nicely positive order counts, too. I mean, we just simply had more traffic, whereas we were kind of fighting traffic earlier in the year.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, it was in that range. It was in that range. We had very strong order count growth in the fourth quarter.
J. Patrick Doyle: It's -- because we've changed the vesting period on both this grant and on future grants from 3 years to 4 years, it will be spread over 4 years, and it would probably be the same, or slightly lower, in the next 3 years. We'll also have slightly lower noncash comp on the grants that would be given on the typical basis because it will also be spread over 4 years in the future instead of 3.
J. Patrick Doyle: It's all about mix. So it's not that we necessarily can promote less or be out there with less activity. It's just simply we've gotten pretty good at reading the return on investment for the dollars that are being spent, and the return that we're seeing from activities that are being directed nationally are better than the returns we were seeing from local activities, which are mostly about the print. And so we shifted the dollars that way. So it's not necessarily that you can be less promotional or that we're sending out less deals, it's just about how you communicate them and how the customer reacts to them, and we're simply getting a better return from kind of nationally-driven activities, read: mass media and digital, for the most part, versus the print.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. So I think one of them was a reopen of a store that had burned down, but we did do it in the new image. But the answer is, we're now up to something in the range of 100 stores that have gone through a reimaging process or were new stores that opened in the new image. We're not ready to kind of give conclusions around that. We need to kind of see how those stores perform over a period of time. We think there is going to be a need to reimage at some point. But we're trying to -- we're trying to watch these for -- and get a couple of quarters under our belts before we draw a conclusion from it. So early read, customers are happy, we like what we're seeing, but it's still too early to kind of draw a conclusion.
J. Patrick Doyle: I mean, we've got targeted incentives out there. And they're targeted at some specific franchisees that have been willing to commit to kind of strategically growing their businesses with us, as well as some individual markets. We've always had incentives out there. We've shifted them around some, and we're kind of happy with the early returns on that. But it's kind of early on. As you say, at 21, it's still relatively modest. I think longer term, what's important is we think we had another year -- we know we had another year where franchise level profitability was up, and that's ultimately what's going to drive increased store growth is their confidence in a strong return on investment. So we're spending a lot of time there on how do we increase profitability even more, how do we make their return on investment even stronger? And that's ultimately really what's going to drive the store growth for us.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. It's somewhat more expensive than the previous kind. If you build in kind of the same footprint with roughly the same kind of layout as we have today, which is the lobby kind of at the front of the store, it's relatively in line with existing costs. If you do kind of what we're calling the Pizza Theater, which is very open, and the lobby is kind of going down the side of the store and is likely going to be a somewhat bigger footprint, that's going to be somewhat more expensive. And as we do more of them, we drive more efficiencies in those costs, so we would hope to see those costs come down, but as we're doing them now, they are certainly a little bit more expensive than our past design.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I've worked -- we are definitely in that range. We're -- and I will tell you that early on, John, we didn't see as much of it as we would've expected, early. It did take some critical mass. When we were at kind of at 10% or 15%, we thought we were going to see labor efficiencies, and we really weren't. As we've gotten up to the level where we are now, kind of north of 35% in sales, we definitely see that now. Interestingly, one of the things that Mike mentioned from a margin standpoint at our corporate stores was around utilities. Part of that is phone lines. We've gone through and gone back and realized, as we're taking fewer orders in the stores, we don't need as many order-taking stations and we don't need as many phone lines into the stores. And it's about $30 a line, and if you take a couple of those out and spread that out over a year, it's 1/10 or 2/10 [ph] . And so there's just a number of ways where it shows up over time. But yes, at this level, we're certainly in the range where you start to see some labor efficiency.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. From a labor perspective, it's not going to be that much. It's not going to be that much. There's still certainly more, and there still are stores that are below the average, clearly, and as they ramp up more, you'll get some more savings there. But it's not going to be hundreds of basis points on the labor line.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think there are a couple of things. I think, number one, it was a reward to the management team for performance and to retain us over the medium and long term. At the same time, we did move from a 3-year vesting to a 4-year vesting, which I think is also healthy from a retention standpoint. But it is also something that's -- we had a DER policy, a dividend equivalent rights policy, in effect in our option plan. It doesn't tie directly because the IRS had rulings on DERs and kind of how those are treated. So it's looking at initiation of a regular dividend and the effect of that on the value of stock options, and it's also just around kind of rewarding and trying to retain and incent the management team.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. That's right. And it's just -- the reason you talked about recurring is, as they vest over 4 years, you're going to have some expense here. But no, that's absolutely right. I mean, this is going to be an unusual grant, it will be -- get expensed over a period of 4 years. But it's certainly not something you should expect on a recurring basis in terms of more new incremental grants like this.
J. Patrick Doyle: So, yes, that's the big deal. I mean, we saw that in 2007 when gas prices spiked up a lot, it started to flow through into -- into commodities. And that's honestly where our biggest concern is when you look at gas prices. Consumer behavior, reimbursements, they're just -- we just haven't seen that much in the past that it's -- that's that material. The bigger issue is if it starts to flow through commodities.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. In 2010, we went from 4% to 5.5% nationally. There was -- there had been, at that point, kind of a 2% minimum required local co-op spend. So it was money that was being collected at DMA by DMA and would be spent largely on kind of local television and some radio. So in 2010, what we did was we eliminated that 2% requirement on DMA-level spend or co-op spend, as we called it. So there were kind of 3 buckets then, and we went from 3 buckets to 2 buckets. We eliminated the 2% requirement. They could still do it if they chose, but we've eliminated the 2% requirement and added 1.5% to the national level. So the requirement for them actually went from 4% plus 2% down to 5.5%. So it was actually a reduction in the requirement of 0.5%. We were comfortable doing that then because we could see the efficiencies that we were going to get by making that shift, and we saw those. And 2010 was a clearly a very, very strong year for us with the relaunch at the same time. But yes, you've got that exactly right. So we had to shift back then. It increased the national at that time from 4% to 5.5%, offset by the 2% requirement going away at the co-op level. What we've just done is moved from 5.5% to 6%. So actually, the requirement was returning to kind of where it had been then, but with the recommendation to them that they'd probably fund that by a commensurate reduction in their local spend.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I just want to thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to reporting our first quarter results to you on April 30. Thank you, everyone.
Michael T. Lawton: The Pan Pizza drove a lot -- we measure volume in our commissaries in pounds, and the Pan Pizza volume drove a lot of pounds through our commissaries.
Michael T. Lawton: It's heavier. You're also -- there's more toppings on it, you're selling a little more cheese. You're...
Michael T. Lawton: This is Mike. On the U.S. side, right now, franchisees that have a desire to grow that have got experience are in great shape in terms of their access to financing. If you don't have a store and you want your first store, still real tough. If you've got a lot of stores, a lot of experience, most of our big franchisees are in very good shape. They have great access to money fairly cheaply. In the in-between guys that have got 3, 4, 5 stores and maybe up to 20, over the last few months, their access to financing has become a lot better than it was 1.5 years or 2 years ago. We've certainly seen a lot more opportunities for them grow if they desire. Outside the U.S., we've seen, obviously, great growth last year. We had 492 net stores. We haven't seen any indication that there are many franchisees that were part of that growth that are -- intend to slow down.
Michael T. Lawton: Historically, we have not seen a lot of change in the consumer behaviors as gas price spiked. And we also haven't had -- when you think of the gas prices going up and you think of us as a delivery company, typically, the first thought is, well, that means a lot more reimbursement to drivers, that means expenses go under a lot of pressure. There is more reimbursement to drivers, but it's not a huge additional cost at the stores. And when we see the gas price spikes, we typically have, from our history, a little more concern about how, over time, that can feed into the overall cost of the food supply, our ingredient cost. We've been -- we just provided information earlier in my comments that with what we see out there right now, it's still looking at 3% to 4% for the year, and we aren't seeing a change to that at this point based on the ag economists and the people that we use for inputs into our estimates.
