J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, well, I think what I'd say, Michael, is we continue to be very focused on generating the best returns that we can. I am not going to talk about kind of going forward use of the cash, but I think the indication of how we're managing that is in what we've been doing. We've bought back a lot of stock this year at -- clearly, given where we're trading now have been favorable prices so far this year, and as well as paying out on the regular dividend. Beyond that, you know us. You know how we think about this, which is we are always looking at the opportunities and we're going to do whatever we believe is going to generate the best returns for the shareholders based on kind of all the circumstances in the market at the time. And I recognize that doesn't necessarily lead you to an absolute answer, and the reason is because it is going to depend on kind of the exact conditions for the debt market for all of the different options that are out there. And so it's something we focus on a lot, are going to continue to focus on a lot. But I think the guidance for you is to look at the way we've been managing it.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, well, if you look at what we've got out right now, it's innovation on the technology front with profiles, and it's -- we're running national television right now, talking about the speed and ease of ordering digitally from Domino's, which is not something we've really taken a head on like that before. And I think we've said many times, I think we already said this morning in our prepared comments that look for us to be driving innovation, both with products and with technology, and we continue to see great gains from both of those. So I guess what I'd say is, I think we've still got a very good pipeline of innovation out there. We are not in the product-of-the-month club anymore. You're not going to see us launching things every 6 or 8 weeks like we have in the past. We think that what we're doing is building overall brand momentum by focusing on fewer, bigger things that are truly improving the experience for our customers. And that's been pretty well borne out as a strategy with the results over the course of the past few years. So I guess what I'd say is we've definitely got the pipeline as we've slowed some of the pace of new product launches that actually has been a very positive thing for us. It helps with execution in the stores, and it helps us make sure that the things that we are launching, we've got right. And so it's kind of fewer, bigger, better on the innovation front. But we certainly have things out there that we can launch on both the product and the technology side as we deem it necessary.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, Mike, I think the answer is the consumer environment right now is pretty consistent with what it's been over the course of the past year or 2, so -- which is to say, not great. I mean, if you look at the overall restaurant industry growth for the whole category, it hasn't been terrific. I think consumers are still cautious. I think that's going to continue. I think I've said it before, but right now, I think consumers are still relatively cautious based on kind of the government getting long-term deals in place. And that's continued to be the case for the last couple of years. And so I think you're seeing a consumer environment that's very consistent with what we've seen the last couple of years. And so I guess what I'd say is in terms of changes in how we're going to operate, we're seeing an environment that is still very similar. And so I think what we've been doing the past couple of years is really what you should expect going forward. If consumers -- I see more upside than downside from the consumer. I think it can still get better out there, and it could turn into tailwinds, but it hasn't been. For the past couple of years, it's clearly been more headwinds than tailwinds.
J. Patrick Doyle: Sure. Yes, John, so taking the first question, I think actually, you answered the question, which is our focus has been on launching things that are going to be permanent additions to our menu. That doesn't mean that from time to time, you won't see us do something that's more promotional. But overall, our strategy is very much to launch bigger, better things that are going to be on the menu, that are going to build overall brand equity for us, and that should continue. And one of the big enablers for that is our digital platform. In the past, when we would launch new products, often, we'd look at them and say, we hope this is something that can be permanent. But as soon as we go off air, people didn't have the reminder when they were ordering of that great new product that we had. We'd see the mix drop off a lot after we took it off television, and we'd eventually pull it off of the menu. With the digital platform, with people having a menu in front of them when they're ordering, it allows us to build on the menu, to add things that are going to stay there. And that's a big change for us. It's a very big change for us because it has allowed us to keep these things going -- to have incrementality after they have launched by keeping them on the menu. So that's a big change for us in the way our customers are accessing the brand that has allowed us to change some of our strategy around how we manage our menu and our product innovations. In terms of the digital orders, basically, all of the customer metrics are better with digital orders. And most importantly, the retention of those customers is higher because their customer satisfaction is higher and the frequency of those customers is higher. So it is primarily about order counts. Ticket is a little bit higher. But the most important thing is kind of the customer reaction to it, which is higher satisfaction, which is driving better retention and better frequency.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, so first answer is no, royalty rates did not change as part of that deal. And second, they are clearly looking at it as a growth vehicle. We've actually gotten pretty good growth, store growth, out of Japan the last couple of years. I will tell you from a company standpoint, the store growth has been offset by the yen having devalued the past couple of years. So from a retail sales standpoint, pretty darn good store growth has been pretty fully offset by the weakening of the yen. But going forward, I mean, DPE is clearly looking at it as a growth vehicle for them, and we're pretty optimistic about the medium and longer term in Japan.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think the dynamics have stayed relatively the same. I think you're still seeing flat to a little bit up in the category. We are clearly taking share. I would say it has been more from the regionals and the smaller players, although our largest competitor, I think, has now had 4 slightly negative comps in a row in the U.S. And so we've clearly taken a little bit from there as well. But overall, the dynamic of the larger players taking share from the medium-size and smaller players, I think, has continued. And certainly, our growth is still more about share growth than it is about the category starting to grow more.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, I guess what I'd say is we've got a lot of momentum, and there are a lot of different things that have been contributing to growth. Pan has certainly performed very, very well for us over the course of the past 12 months since its launch last year at the beginning of October. But digital has also been driving growth, and improved store operations have been driving growth. And I think there are a lot of things that have been contributing to it. But certainly, pan performed very well over the course of the past year, and certainly, we would hope that it's going to continue to perform well for us. But you're right. I mean, we're starting to roll over that initial launch from a year ago now, but I'm not going to get into the specifics, obviously, of the fourth quarter. I guess what I'd say is, we think we've got pretty rock-solid momentum right now.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think there are certainly some things that they're doing out there, but I think the most important thing to look at is the gap between the 3 national players with platforms, so us and Papa John's and Pizza Hut, versus where the regionals and smaller players are. And so we think we've got the best platform out there, but I'm sure some of our national competitors would believe that they do as well. And I think what's more important is the dynamic of the national players with these platforms and how we're effectively competing against smaller players that either don't have digital ordering or certainly don't have the same kind of robust platform that we're operating on. So we're certainly seeing some things from our national competitors, but in terms of how that's going to affect our overall sales, I think the more interesting dynamic continues to be the competitive advantage that we're building versus the smaller players in the category.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think that, first, Jeff, the answer is that the competitive environment, I think, has been pretty consistent over the course of the past, really couple of years. And so no real change there. And in Mike's comments, he did say that our early expectation, our early read on 2014 is kind of flat to down on commodities. Corn prices are very low. And corn tends to flow through everything else. And so I think you're right on that front. That said, there are other pressures out there. And so I don't know that I'd see the environment changing enough next year that I would really expect pricing to materially adjust. Obviously, that could change, but I think you're going to tend to see more kind of a steady as she goes category-competitive environment. That'd be my guess.
J. Patrick Doyle: Sure. I think on the international side, we changed our long-term forecast, our long-term guidance on store growth from being an absolute number to a percentage range back in January. And there was a reason for that. As we looked at the capacity of our markets to grow, frankly, as they get larger and a little bit more mature in some of these markets, and they've got a little bit more infrastructure in place, their ability to support more growth grows with their business. It's easier to add 50 stores in a market when your base is 200 than to add 50 when your base is 100, just the number of stores that have to produce a new manager and kind of covering your overall fixed cost with the master franchisee level, et cetera. So from a percentage standpoint, our overall global guidance of kind of 4% to 6% growth stands, which from an absolute number means our expectation is that, that number will go up over time as the base continues to grow. And I think the macro environment outside of the U.S. also continues to be relatively consistent. Although I think we may be seeing some signs of a few places starting to get a little bit better than they were. But overall, I think you're looking at a pretty consistent environment out there. And we think that our growth guidance is the right one for the long term, which is kind of a percentage-based growth. So on the domestic side, clearly, we're pleased that we have gotten to kind of that moderate growth that we've been talking about. On a trailing 12-month basis, we are up on a net basis in the U.S. Our profits at the store level continue to improve year-over-year. So the macros on that are pretty good. And what we know is that stores get built because they should be built, that they get built when they're going to generate a good return for the franchisee. And you may be able to pull growth forward in the short term doing some things, but the real answer is over the medium to long term, good unit economics are what are going to drive growth. And as our unit economics get better in the U.S., that gives us more optimism about our ability to continue to generate some modest growth in the U.S.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. And that's going to depend on interest rates and the environment out there for -- in the debt markets. But I think something in that range is about right. We have gone above that range in the near term -- in the short term in the past. I don't know that we've been below it for quite some time. But I think that is a reasonable range for expectations over time. And we continue to look at it. We continue to look at the markets. And we're going to run the numbers very much the way you would run the numbers. And if we see opportunities, we'll take advantage of those opportunities. And that's really all I can say on that front.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I mean, we're spending -- our national ad fund is 6%. And we would expect that to stay in place. I think what you're seeing is -- so we had some shift from local market advertising to national spend. We think that's been effective for the system. We think franchisees P&L's are healthier. So we think it's been the right move. And it's generating growth and profits for them. So we feel good about it. And then I guess the other thing that's been happening within that is some shift towards digital which has continued to have a good ROI. Fourth, and probably some shift away from local print over the course of the past couple of years, which hasn't quite gotten the same level of ROI as in the past for us. But I think in terms of anything material changing in the near term, probably not. You'll see some subtle shifts as we kind of fine-tune things, but I don't think you'll see a significant change in the near-term.
J. Patrick Doyle: The easier we make it for people to order pizza, the more pizza they're going to order. And I think it's as simple as that. So -- and I think if you look at how people like Amazon have shifted over time, they've tried to make it easier and easier for consumers. You're always looking at conversion rates on your site. The simpler you can make it, the more you're going to drive orders out of it and the happier your customers are going to be. And so we focus very hard on how we can make that process easier and simpler for our customers. And we think this was a nice move forward for us with the profiles, the ability of that customer to get through the process faster. And kind of in general, in restaurant industry terms, when you're improving your service times, good things happen in your business. And I think you could look at the ability of customers to get through that process no different than you would look at how we've driven service in the past with our delivery, how a lot of folks look at very carefully at their drive-through times at the restaurants. We look at how easy it is for our customers to access the brand and to order from the brand. And this speeds things up. And that's a good thing.
J. Patrick Doyle: There will still be some upselling going on even with this kind of streamlined process. But when you get somebody to sign up and fill out a profile and to enter their credit card that goes into a token so that they can access that again, once somebody's gone to the trouble of doing that, and it's kind of put the trust and commitment into the brand that they're going to fill all of that out, you've kind of upped the relationship with that customer. And that's going to have a good effect on sales, we hope.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I'll tell you, we track that to the 0.1% and are not going to release it because I know our competitors would love to get that information.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. We've got a couple hundred stores that are in the new image. And it's still relatively early in that process, to kind of get into specifics around list. I guess what I'd say is the franchisee's reaction and the customer reactions are positive. And as we get a little further into it at some point, we're going to be in a position to talk about that a little bit more, but for now, a little too early to try to be giving specific numbers around that.
J. Patrick Doyle: It's a fair question. And I think the answer is we're looking at that. I mean it's -- clearly, we're very happy with the momentum in the business and pretty optimistic about where we are. And so you're right, we've noticed the same thing. And clearly, we're pleased. And I think the past few years have exceeded our expectations on where we thought we were going to be. I guess what I'd say is this is a long-term guidance. We've kind of been looking at 10 years looking back at where we've been and trying to project out where we're going to be. But you're correctly pointing out, we've been slightly above to strongly above, certainly in 2010. And this year, it's been developing very nicely for us as well. So I guess that's really all I'd say right now. Your observation is correct. We have been above it. Though each of the last 2 years, we were only a couple of tenths above that range. So we're still awfully close to it. This year has been a little bit stronger.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. We've said before that the kind of margins that you should expect out of that business are good. We have a very good return on our assets. We're very happy to be in that business. But it's not one to expect a really big increase in the amount of profit margin that's there. We get some leverage when we run a lot of builds through the facility like we had in the first couple of quarters. But it's not one that's going -- that you're going to -- that you can expect to see continued big increases on a gross -- on the operating margin percentage.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, it is. It's probably just slightly lower than that on average outside of the U.S. But that's with a very broad mix. So going from 50%-plus in Japan and Korea and our DPE business to some markets that still don't have digital. And so it's still a pretty broad range. India, I mentioned, it's about 20% of their delivered sales, which is about half of their business. You're looking at kind of 10%-ish on their overall sales. So very broad range out there. We think it is a real opportunity as much or more of an opportunity for us outside of the U.S. as it is inside the U.S. because we have been earlier on the curve in international than we probably were in domestic. And from an overall standpoint, I would tell you it is less developed, I think, in a lot of markets than it is in the U.S. So our ability to go after that leverage that for growth in international has been part of the driver for us on the international business for the last few years, and I'm pretty confident will continue to be a driver for us.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. There is a little bit of leverage. It's not a big number. You're talking about orders that take maybe 3 minutes to take on average over the phone. So there is a little bit of labor leverage. And we have seen that. And as the percentage continues to go up, we would expect that we will see a little bit more. But it's not a big number. It's definitely there. We can definitely see it and measure it. But I think the real gains from digital orders are far more how it's affecting customers' retention and frequency and driving orders than it is necessarily on the margin front. It's there, but it's order of magnitude, the order of growth that it's driving is a far bigger driver of value creation for us than savings on the labor front.
J. Patrick Doyle: I could, but I won't, I'm sorry. Yes, we think there are definitely opportunities out there, but we'd like to keep ourselves focused on those and not help our competitors focus on those more. So I think I'm going to pass on that one.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, I think the -- so there are a couple of ways to answer that. First, there are certainly regional variations and market variations in terms of kind of the overall percentages. I think our highest stores today in the U.S., I think we've got a couple that are over 70% digital orders. And there are certainly some markets that are over 50%. But it's growing pretty well everywhere. And in fact, the markets that have had the lower percentages have actually been growing faster than those that had the higher percentages. And so overall, it's pretty strong everywhere. There aren't any markets anymore that are really significantly lower than kind of our overall averages. I guess the other thing I'd say is last year until 2012, I believe the industry was either 12% or 13% total digital orders. And so from a level of development standpoint in the category, you're still looking at the category being relatively lower from a -- or actually quite a bit lower from a development standpoint. So that's presumably up this year. I would guess now is going to be, for 2013, probably in the 14%, 15%, 16% range, something like that. But with us now being at 40%, clearly the vast majority of that overall category sales are coming from us and Papa John's and Pizza Hut. And that continues to be why we're very excited about it because even though it's a -- getting to be a very large part of our business, the overall category development is still relatively low. And so that's why we're pretty confident it can be a continued driver of growth for us. The other thing I'd say is that our corporate stores, because they were all on earlier than our franchise stores, and we had the whole platform up and running, our corporate stores are pretty significantly higher on their overall mix than our franchise system at this point. So lots of reasons that we continue to be very optimistic. I think the most important one, though, is looking at that overall category development. It's still pretty low. And our expectation is that's just going to keep growing over time. And as the majority of that is going to us and Papa John's and Pizza Hut, it's part of what gives us confidence about the future.
J. Patrick Doyle: Actually, it's not. There actually is some mix, which is, I would tell you, is a little bit surprising. First of all, I'll remind you about 10% or just under 10% of our orders are walk-in customers. So right now, if you look at our overall business, you're looking at about 50% of people calling on the phone, about 40% accessing the brand ordering digitally and about 10% walking into the store to order. And there is some mixing on that. Some people order digitally and then they'll walk into the store or they'll pick up the phone and call. It may be different people within the same household who are ordering off of the same account, who are accessing it differently. But no, there actually is some mix on that.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, thank you, everybody. All in all, I think the third quarter was yet again very solid. I'd like to thank our great franchisees and team members for all their efforts and very effective results and our shareholders for their continued support. I look forward to seeing many of you in January for our annual Investor Day in conjunction with the ICR Conference in Florida. Thank you.
Michael T. Lawton: Michael, we're really in the process of putting budgets together at this point in time, which obviously will lead us to much more clarity about what 2014 is. And we'll have to talk about that at our Investor Day.
Michael T. Lawton: Well, one thing to always keep in mind is there are a lot of closed periods. So after a quarter ends, we don't necessarily have opportunities to buy whether we want to or not, so it's not necessarily an indicator of anything. But the only thing I can keep pointing back to is we've bought back a significant amount of stock so far this year. And as Patrick said, we'll continue to evaluate whether that's what we think the right thing to do or to return cash to shareholders in other forms or anything else we may consider.
Michael T. Lawton: The margin you're looking at is the Canadian supply chain margin down a little. But that's probably -- the business in Canada is actually doing very well. Just like in the U.S., you've got issues with as prices go up, as commodity prices are up, sometimes your margin percentage changes. But that business is performing very well. And I think all pan -- it's got more to do with price, with commodity prices than anything else.
Michael T. Lawton: Okay. Under the way that the debt-to-EBITDA ratio is calculated for our covenants, which includes the kind of the idea that all of our BFN is drawn down. We're currently up 4.6. When we go below 4.5, we have the opportunity to seize amortization. And we're obviously making progress toward rep and progress towards that number. In terms of the ability to refinance with the make-whole premiums, there's a fairly steep make-whole that's in place for the first 3 years of the debt. And the debt was placed a year ago, this past March. After that point in time, we do continue to have significant make-whole penalty, but we'll have the opportunity to buy back about 1/3 of the stock -- or repay about 1/3 of the debt, rather, without a make-whole if we chose to. So a complete refinancing in the next 2 years is a fairly unlikely scenario.
Michael T. Lawton: Yes, I think there is opportunity there. We have not promoted it a lot kind of directly. Certainly, I know from personal experience that Domino's fueled me through college and in late night. And I think a lot of people are the same way and have the same experience. So we think there are opportunities there. I think we've got a couple of stores open 24 hours a day in the world. That's a pretty low percentage out of over 10,000 stores. So I think there are opportunities there. And to-date, we haven't gone after it terribly aggressively. And so I think that opportunity is there.
