Patrick Doyle: Yes. Well, all of the things that we talked about what are ultimately driving the conversion rates and really what we've seen in the past is in the fall you see really an increase in digital ordering percentages we've seen that every year, we saw it again this year kind of from the beginning of the fourth quarter into the beginning of first quarter and then it tends to frankly flatten out over the course of the next six or eight months until people start going back in doors again and students go back to university and people kind of seeing the change their ordering habits around that time of year. So you are right in the observation that it hasn't gone up in the last quarter or two but that's actually consistent with what we've seen every year.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think, and Karen you're clearly right, I mean from a straight numbers perspective we're a little bit above that range. I think what drives it ultimately are unit economics and we're having a terrific year both domestically and internationally and as unit economics continue to improve, capital continues to free up the built stores, opportunities for building stores with higher volumes at – kind of the new sales and profitability levels continue to open up. And that's part of [why strength] [ph] that you are seeing in not only on the international side, but on the domestic side if you look at kind of the trialing 12-month net store growth. You are continuing to see momentum build for new stores domestically and frankly you are continuing to see store closures really get down to a very, very low number in the U.S. So really the way to think about it is, it's a reflection of unit economics. And my view that I think I have expressed before is stores get built because they should be built. And because there is an expectation that they are going to generate a great return and fundamental analysis of any heavily franchised restaurant company has to really start by looking at the unit economics for the franchisees and if those are strong and franchisees are prospering then ultimately the franchisor is going to prosper and frankly the inverse is true. So our franchisees are doing really well that is always our first and primary focus and because they are doing well, our store growth continues to accelerate.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think the rate and pace that you are seeing on growth overall in our system is really not constrained right now largely by that. There are a few markets where we have seen that in the past. I think there was a period of time in India, where we were doing kind of north of 25% store growth and that gets tough and the math is pretty simple. When you are north of 25% store growth that means not only does – do every four stores need to generate a new general manager but you also have to replace any turnover in those stores, which pretty commonly around the world is kind of in the 25% rate. So it kind of means, on average if you are growing that fast and you are replacing turnover, you might need a new manager out of every two stores over the course of the year and that seems to be a point at which it starts to be a bit of a barrier. Now you bring your resources and training and recruiting and you do everything you can to kind of push through that. But, so it's really more kind of a market-by-market sort of constraint as opposed to an overall global. We [stay] [ph] clearly in the U.S. We are not even anywhere close to a pace that where we would feel that. And there have been a couple of international markets in the past where I think that has been a bit more constraining and you also see a particularly early in markets just when the absolute numbers of stores, you got 10 stores in a market and you want to grow to 20 over the course of the year that's tough you are at 100 and you want to add 10 that's much easier.
Patrick Doyle: Well, you're looking at kind of 25 and 25-ish kind of right in that range, mobile continues to grow a little faster than online but both are growing.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. So the first color commentary is, we are always looking for more customers to order more often. We're happy to do that and that's pretty much our core job everyday as we get up. And the loyalty program and we're testing it, its one market we're going to see how it works and then make a decision, its certainly something that's, that you're seeing success I think from Starbucks, Papa John's has certainly put a lot of focus on it in the past, but its something we're testing and we'll see.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. So the big incentive for the franchisees is the profitability on the stores, the trailing 12-month profitability at the franchise level is at record levels. And that's what's driving more and more interest and it's why you're seeing kind of the acceleration. As to corporate stores you'll certainly, I'm sure if noted that's margins on our corporate stores continue to improve, profitability continues to improve, I am very pleased with the progress that we're making there and it's something that we look at. I mean growth for our corporate stores I think overall the range that we're in is good in terms of counts. We need to be doing our fair share of growth, but what you see from us is that most stores that we will open for our corporate stores are going to be in existing markets. So it's really about filling in opportunities in markets that we're in. We opened one recently in New York City where all of our corporate stores in New York are in Bronx, Queens and Brooklyn and we continue to look at opportunities within those markets to open it. But, I don't think you're going to see anything dramatic and overall we feel pretty good about the size of our corporate store business, but it's certainly something that's a tool out there if we work getting kind of the growth that we wanted otherwise.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. So we haven't released the exact percentage on pan and aren't going to do that. We feel very good about the product and how it's performed. We haven't promoted it recently and so when you are promoting it you are clearly going to – that's when you are going to drive kind of the growth on mix. But, we feel great. I mean that this fresh dough pan product as I think has been a real differentiator for us. And we think it's been part of what's driven our absolute growth and our relative growth over the last couple of years.
Patrick Doyle: We are generating record profit out of our stores. And so our ability to run our stores well and efficiently I think is helping us to not only manage those increases, but to prosper despite those increases. And so I think the bottom line is frankly the bottom line which is profits are better than they have ever been. So whatever pressures are out there on cost, we've been able to more than handle and the profit levels are at terrific levels right now. So it's certainly something that we watch and we keep an eye on and there is certainly indication that there is more activity coming on that front. I think that puts more pressure on weaker players and people who aren't as efficient and may be don't have kind of the same structure that we have to kind of drive success in what has been a little bit tougher labor environment and will probably continue to be.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I guess what I'd say is, first, we're not going to give out the specifics around anything. We don't want to make it easier for our competition to kind of figure out how to prioritize investments to catch up to what we're doing. But what I would say is if you look at the totality of the efforts we're making and how it is positioning our brands in the minds of consumers and the ease of access that is giving to them it is clearly a big part of what is driving our same-store-sales growth. So I'm not going to go into the specifics on it because our competition has to try to prioritize and I don't want to make that roadmap any easier for them. But, as we have said many times in the past as we have expanded platforms, we've seen incrementality from it, we clearly own kind of the digital space in the minds of consumers as being the leaders in that area and the real innovators and so its not just about the actual access its also about kind of the brand presence in the mind of the consumers and how they think about us as being a – an innovative brand that is pioneering new things and giving them new ways to access the brand. So that's really the answer, its all working in totality.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. Look, where we are going to continue to be a pizza company first and foremost that is going to continue to be the overwhelming majority of our sales. I would suspect for my life time and certainly my life time is as CEO here. That's what we are and what we are known for and we will continue to be known for. I think there are a number of reasons that the change is out there. One is we do sell other things and we want people to know that. We want them to know that that there are great sandwiches and pasta and chicken on our menu and Coca Cola products. And we want them to think about us for those things as well. And we also want those who might be a veto vote on a bigger order to know that there is going to be an option for those within a group who might not want pizza within that order. But, I think it also goes to our confidence about our brand and where we are and the example that I always use with people is Nike. If you go back 25, 30 years, you had the shoes and then Nike sportswear behind it way back. And at some point they pretty early on they dropped the sportswear and increasingly you just see the shoes. And that's a function of the – strength of the brand and the confidence of the brand. People already know what Domino's does in the U.S. and so we think we are in a position where we can do that we can be more confident as a brand. And the last really tactical, practical thing is sometimes you have got constraints on the size and signs on the front of a store and a bigger Domino's and just Domino's is relatively better signage than a smaller Domino's pizza. And that's a really tactical reason, but it plays into it as well.
Patrick Doyle: All right. Thanks everybody. I look forward to talking to you again as we discuss third quarter results on October 8.
Mike Lawton: As I said in the script we've got the opportunity to refinance one-third of our debt in October and it's fairly clear that the debt markets are in very, very good shape right now so it's something that we'll be evaluating. That's really all I can say at this point.
Mike Lawton: Not a lot of difference. There is a little bit of ticket that's coming out of what you call just inflationary pricing and a little bit just because the promotion this year is a little bit different than what was running last year. But, it's not – again, this is primarily an order comp growth story at this stage.
Mike Lawton: So there certainly are some constraints in some stores. I would tell you in terms of overall results you are certainly not feeling it. And I will tell you that it is the highest quality problem that we can possibly have as a company and as a system. But it is – what is leading to accelerating store growth. It is leading to our franchisees and our corporate stores putting more capital into the stores as they increase oven capacity or make-line capacity. And so it is certainly something that we look at. And it can be a constraint certainly in some stores, but it's a minority of stores. The other thing is, as we are very focused on making sure that we are staffed that we are going to continue to great – to give great service to our customers. What I would tell you is that the net of all of that is our service levels, our service times, all of the metrics that we look at in our stores have never been better. So we are executing at the highest level that we have ever executed at as a company and as a system. So we are certainly working through any of those as we hit them. And the happiest conversation that you will ever have with the franchisee is to point out to them that their sales are so high and their profits are so good that they need to add a third duct to their oven in their store or it's time to open another new store to handle all the volume that's going into one. So the profits are there, the cash flow is there for the franchisees to invest to do it. And they are dealing with it incredibly well as we hit any of those constraints.
Mike Lawton: As we've said before our intent in the United States has been to try to provide this service at a very good cost to our franchisees. We continue to go way beyond online ordering which is what was originally envisioned and now we have many, many different ways of accessing the company at ordering through ecommerce and that's led to more cost than the $0.17 we cover. So we're up to, we increased it to $0.21 that was at our discretion, as I also said in my commentary on the near term we certainly have no intention of going above that number. We have, we are ones – we as a company have expanded the money to create those systems we're recovering it over time and we'll continue to evaluate what the appropriate fee structure is, but it certainly is not something, it is intended – it doesn't have an additional incremental cost just because we raised it today. I mean we have done a lot of things over the last year to – and last few years to continue to expand our ecommerce platforms and that's just part of recovering that cost.
Mike Lawton: So roughly, I mean depending upon the volume of each quarter, roughly, each four week period has generated $1.5 million to $2 million of fees at that $0.21. I've not expressed it in terms of months because we obviously have four week periods. So but you could say at that way as well. It's basically $1.5 million to $2 million for every four week period. That's not the incremental. That's the total fees we are collecting.
MikeLawton: As we have said on the prior calls, I mean most of the incremental spend that we got a G&A that is that we regard as kind of investment to grow the business either comes out of the ecommerce area or comes out of international. And we have not been shy about adding on an ecommerce area because we think it's been the right place to put money. If we come with more good projects, we will continue to look at that and that can be in the form of either capital or for the G&A. But, we have added that's been a big contributor to the growth and we will just continue to look at whatever make sense in that area. We are not going to be shy. There is not a constraint. In the international area, we have added many people because we have been growing so rapidly. Again, if it makes sense, we will continue to do that. So the answer is no, there is not a constraint. We have been growing those areas because we think it's good for the business. The areas that you typically think about G&A, the back office or legal or we are tight on those. But, we will do the right thing for the business on growing the top line where we can.
MikeLawton: Yes. The story continues to be kind of the same which is individual stores as they get done on average, we will see a couple of point bump, stores that were under performing, we actually see a bigger bump, stores that were maybe already in better place less, but our average is kind of have been 1% or 2% on individual stores. But, what we have always said is, we are heading into this as we think it's going to be something that allows us to continue to drive the performance that we have had. It's going to lift overall momentum in the system as people see new and better looking stores. It elevates the performance of the whole system and I think you have seen that play out. I mean it is clearly part of what is contributed. So as whole markets get done or the majority of whole markets get done, I think we see a bigger effect than what it is individual stores that I think we are seeing it also just in the overall strength of the business both domestically and internationally.
MikeLawton: We really are. I mean, it's really pretty consistent from a pricing competitive standpoint. I think the category has continued to be kind of consistent with where it was in terms of growth. We may see a little bit of order growth overall in the category and maybe a couple of points on ticket. So you are seeing category overall grow maybe 2% or 3% that's consistent with where it's been previously. And I think the broad story continues to be the same even though certainly one of the competitors has not been performing quite as well. I'm relatively sure with comments that they have made that – they are driving change over their and they are going to get back on track. The longer term story continues to be the same which is the larger players are taking shares from the small players and that's from efficiencies, that's from advertising and know-how I think within our system on how to run stores well. But, clearly the new part of it is digital. And we are continuing to see share shift from the smaller players to the larger players. And we've been a big beneficiary of that.
MikeLawton: Yes. It is. And one of the things we are seeing is, these newly reimaged stores we see a bigger bump in carry out that in delivery as you would frankly expect because customers are the ones the are seeing the new image. And so from a relative standpoint we see that reimaging working a little better on the carry outside than on the delivery side.
MikeLawton: We are certainly seeing some of it. And it's not just from minimum wage, I think the really healthy increases when you are simply seeing demand for labor and employment going up in markets and their markets where it's certainly getting tougher and that's great and that's healthy. And so I think – it is hopefully something that we are going to continue to see because that's going to be a sign that the economy is continuing to do well. I think it is very manageable. It has been manageable and our franchisees are handling it well. They make their own decisions on how they are going to approach it. But, and I would add to that the comments I was making about service levels and performance in the stores, we are doing better than we have ever done. And so we are executing at a very high level and managing nicely within a situation where there is certainly is a little bit of upward pressure and I take that frankly as a good thing. I would rather have a healthy economy and high demand for pizza and be able to pay people more and need to pay people more.
