J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. So first I'll take the answer on loyalty. We feel good about the start on loyalty. It's still going to be some time, I think, before we really see the full impact of that and understand how it's affecting customer behavior. You need to see a number of cycles of customer repurchase, I think, before you fully understand it. But clearly we're happy with the start. Our long-term guidance is 2% to 5% domestically. And clearly we've been performing above that level, but as we look at our business, we think that over the medium to long term that's the right answer for you as you think about the business. Certainly looking at two- or three-year comps makes sense. And so I think most of you are doing that in your analysis on the business. There's always going to be some movement quarter-to-quarter. But clearly we're pretty pleased with our results both on a one-year and a multiple-year basis.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. So we're off to a strong start with it, John. And you guessed correctly. We're not going to give kind of specifics around it. And honestly it's going to take some time for us to really understand that. As I said, until you've seen multiple repurchase cycles you're not able to really be able to project how it's affecting frequency. But we're very happy with how it's rolled out. We're getting very good feedback from the customers. If you look at kind of the reviews that it's getting, it's been very well accepted by consumers. We're not going to disclose kind of the enrollment numbers, but clearly we feel good about how it has launched and about the feedback that we're getting from customers on it.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. So we've got the right with our franchisees to look at delivery areas. There is an area that is assigned to them, but there is a smaller area that is protected for them under their 10-year contract. As we look at the business and the growth we've had in the business and the returns that are getting generated at the store level, it has clearly helped accelerate the store growth. And we still see 1,000-plus stores that can be built in the U.S. The ramp up in growth is a reflection of the growth in the business and the great returns that our franchisees are getting by investing in building new stores. We're getting strong returns from those new stores as they're opening. So I think you're seeing growing excitement from the system about expanding the system in the U.S. So we feel good about where we are. And you've probably heard me say many times that while there are many in the industry that put out a lot of press releases around contracts that are being signed, about how many stores are going to be built, particularly as they're going into new markets, we largely just don't do that, because our view is that the franchisees are smart. And when they're seeing strong returns, they're going to build more stores. Stores get built because capital moves toward where there's a strong return, and there is a very strong return on building Domino's Pizza stores right now in the U.S. and in the vast majority of our international markets. That's ultimately what's accelerated the unit growth. Over time our view is kind of 5% to 7% growth overall on our global store counts. And we think that's a very realistic view of what you should expect from us.
J. Patrick Doyle: So that's a full-up domestic and international store level growth is 5% to 7% range. It has clearly been predominantly international over the last few years. But it has been our expectation that as we improved the returns that you're going to see more of that shifting into the U.S. And so I feel good about the momentum we've got in the U.S. I feel great about the store level returns. And so that 1,000 more stores that I'm talking about in the U.S. I think is very realistic.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think our answer on this is, as we've looked at it over time, bad weather, as long as it's not too bad, is a net positive for the business in the near-term. But the real answer is that with the variety of weather and the different geographies that we're operating in, when you're looking at a full quarter of results, we just don't think it is really that material of an effect. So could it have been a little bit of a headwind for us? Maybe, but not enough that it really materially affects the results.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think it's pretty broad-based. There are still areas of the country where we are somewhat less penetrated than others. Interestingly enough, probably the area where we have the most opportunity still to grow over time is actually the Midwest where we're based. But really when we look around the country, there's an awful lot of kind of fill-in growth that you're going to be seeing. So there aren't many markets where we don't have a good base to grow from. So as we kind of prioritize markets around the country for growth, an awful lot of it is a dozen stores here, a dozen stores there, if there's any concentration left today that I think geographically looks like there will be a little bit more than other areas, it's probably in the Midwest.
J. Patrick Doyle: Honestly we're really not seeing it. Clearly our results were strong, and so if we saw it, we didn't feel it. But if you look at the category over the last few years, first of all, Domino's has had the same national price point now for six or seven years. You've seen ticket in the category probably growing a couple of points a year pretty consistently over the last five or six years, so 1% to 2% in that range. And so I've seen the same discussion about it. But honestly, overall we just aren't seeing it. And it clearly has not been affecting our business.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think the way to think about it is, first, the overwhelming majority of our sales are pizza and are always going to be pizza. We've got great other products on our menu and we want people to be aware of those. And particularly we want people to be aware of those when they're ordering in larger groups. And so there is always in a group of four or six or eight people, there is going to be somebody who may not be as interested in ordering pizza. And if they don't know about the options that Domino's has, we may lose that whole order. So when we advertise mix and match, we will get a little bit of a bump in those other products in the near term. But as much as anything, it's about driving awareness of those products over the long term so that people know there are some other choices. And as much as anything that's about making sure that we're an option for larger groups that know that there are things that they can order beyond just the pizza.
J. Patrick Doyle: Absolutely it did, yes. And the profiles that we've got now and the information that we have with our customer base is a very strong benefit for us. And it's what allows us to be rolling out the platforms that we are as quickly as we are for digital ordering. It gives us a real leg-up when we roll out something like the loyalty program that we already have a strong profile on the customer and their information. And really signing up for loyalty if you had a profile was about checking a box. And that accomplished it and you were now in the program. As an ecommerce company, we are always looking at conversion rates. We want to understand people who are starting the process to order, what percentage of them actually complete the order. And if you give them something that is too complicated along the way, like a long enrollment for the loyalty program, you may actually hurt your sales in the near-term. So the fact that we already have a lot of information made that sign up easier and it absolutely helps.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I think the answer, John, is over time that we will need to. And if you look at the growth in our business over the course of the last five years or six years, the volumes in total from our system are up in the range of 35%, 40%. And so at some point, you're going to need to build some more capacity into the system. Obviously, it's a great problem. The way I would kind of think about that is first we gave kind of the guidance for this year to you at Investor Day. The second thing is that our CapEx into reimaging and relocating our Team USA stores, our corporate stores, is actually going to be going down as that reimage program kind of wraps up. So I don't know that you're going to see a dramatic change in the level of CapEx going forward. But we certainly are going to have to look at ways to increase the capacity in the system to make sure that we're giving great service to our franchisees in their stores.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, Jeff. It's a good question because we certainly do look at it. You're going to have more direct impact from the pizza competitors than we do from burgers or chicken or sandwiches or anywhere else. And we've told you in the past that what's interesting about the pizza category is because it is so unconsolidated, we think we actually feel the effect of competitive activity less than most categories in the restaurant industry. So, do we look at it? Absolutely. And at some point, is there an overall share of stomach question? I think there is. But because of the overall size of the restaurant industry and the relative fragmentation of market share within the pizza industry, we just don't feel the effect of any single competitor's movement in price or promotional strategy in a material way on our business in the short term. We might feel it a little bit, but it just doesn't have a big material effect on the business. So, we watch it. We're certainly aware of what's going on there. But in terms of short-term impact, it just isn't that big.
J. Patrick Doyle: It's all existing franchisees. So we are essentially 100% internally grown franchisees. So our franchisees are successful managers or supervisors within our system. And then they apply to become a franchisee. And even those new franchisees coming into the system, I think we had just under 20 last year who franchise and so those were already people working within Domino's. Essentially all of them become franchisees the first time by buying a store, not building a store. So, really all of the building of stores is coming from existing franchisees.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think that franchisees are excited about the overall momentum in the business. They just finished a record year for profits. And I think there's a lot of energy around the loyalty program. And I think, as you know, when you launch loyalty programs, the goal is to make them simple upfront so people can understand the program. And then over time you see people maybe tweaking them a little bit as they can see exactly how customers are using the program. But overall, I think our franchisees are excited about the program and hopefully how it's going to affect the business long term.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. Overall it really has been quite strong and pretty consistent. You're right on your comment on India. Certainly the economy there has gone through a little bit of a downturn. But I think the economy is continuing to improve. We had terrific store growth there last year. Maybe not quite as robust same-store sales growth as they had had three years or four years ago. But overall amongst major markets in our International portfolio, it's been pretty consistently strong.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. We're trying to drive volume in our business. It's about driving frequency and retention of those customers. I think it's a fundamental choice that brands need to make on whether or not it's going to be about driving ticket and overall sales versus frequency of the customers, and we clearly chose that we want to drive order counts within our system. So it's a clear choice that you make. I'm aware of the example that you're talking about and the change that they made. And you obviously have to talk to them about why the shift in focus on that. But for us, as low as our market share is overall within the pizza category, we think it makes sense to be focusing primarily on order counts.
J. Patrick Doyle: All right. Thank you, everyone. I look forward to discussing our 2016 first quarter earnings with you on April 28.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yes. This is Jeff. On our casualty insurance, as you know, we took kind of that unexpected charge in quarter three. At the time we said we were going to make sure we were doubling down on our safety efforts and making sure that we manage it the best way we can. It's only one more quarter on the books, but we didn't have an unexpected headwind or a tailwind on insurance from a casualty perspective during the quarter. And as we get into 2016 the expectation, at least for management is, hopefully we can make an impact by managing it better and kind of getting back that normal run rate. So the Q3 charge we did think was certainly out of the ordinary for us, at least given our history. But for us it's all about just making sure we're managing it the best way we can. And that'll be our focus going forward.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. So, when you think about supply chain, the first thing you have to remember is that as cheese and other commodity prices go up and down, it's really going to mess with your percentage margin comparison. So that's first and foremost. But when you think about dollars, margin in 2014, about $131 million, $149 million in 2015, which you can find in the 10-K, more than anything this is about selling more food in the stores, which is requiring more food from the supply chain centers. There is definitely some leverage that you get from leveraging the existing supply chain systems. But going against that is also as we have gotten a lot busier, we are working a lot harder to keep up with the growth. So, when we think about profitability there, it's mostly about food volume, that's following the comps in the U.S. Separate from that, and you mentioned it is equipment and supply chain sales to our stores that are re-imaging, and building stores both in the U.S. and including some international franchisees who buy their store packages from us as well. Again, you think about that, we've been accelerating store count growth, obviously the re-images are now about half done but not done yet, another couple of years to go, so as you think about it going forward, it should be more of the same on balance.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. So, I mean on the dividend, as we put out this morning, another really big increase year-over-year; a 20%-plus increase. Last year it was more than 20% increase on the quarterly dividend. So the board has decided again, and it's up to them in the future to decide going forward, that the quarterly dividend was going to continue to be an important part of how we return free cash to our shareholders. On the buybacks specifically, and as you mentioned, the ASR is winding up. It'll be done by the end of Q1 here. We do have $100 million kind of left over from the recapitalization that we weren't able to efficiently deploy in the ASR or otherwise in Q4. So we're starting kind of from a cash flush position as we start the year. And you can actually see that on the balance sheet as of the end of Q4. So how we spend that and how we view that, again, will be determined by the board. But I think what you've seen from us is if it makes sense, we'll pursue buybacks. If it doesn't make sense, we'll go heavier on the dividend. So it really just depends on what the board's thinking at that point in time.
