Russell Weiner: Good morning, Brian. Actually, what I'd say is, I think we've got three catalysts. You talked about the Uber piece, you talked about loyalty. We also talked a lot about carryout on the call. And we've gained $2.5 billion since we leaned in to carryout 2011. We've got another $2 billion just to get our fair share. Our feeling here at Domino's Pizza is if there is a category that sells pizza that we compete in vigorously, we should get our fair share, which is our share of delivery, one out of every three, and so we've got a lot more to go on carry as well. There are a lot of questions within there. So let me unpack a couple and then if I missed anything, you come back. First is the $1 billion number that we're talking about here in the U.S., $1 billion incremental. As you know, we're first starting with Uber. We're really excited to them as exclusive partners for the first 12 months. After that, we've got optionality in the contract that we can choose to take however we'd like. The $1 billion is a signal of our fair share of the entire $5 billion U.S. aggregator pizza delivery business. And so obviously, that's something that would happen when we get on to the broader competitors in the platform, which we intend to do at some point. On the loyalty program -- by the way, you really listened to Ryan's one-part question. I'm totally joking with you. On the loyalty -- from the loyalty standpoint, the way I like to think of it is how do I feel as a customer when most brands redo their loyalty programs. Usually, as a customer, I'm on the short end. A new loyalty program for a company usually means they're trying to drive a little bit more profitability, which means things are taken away from me as a customer. We're doing the exact opposite here. And so the changes we're making in the loyalty program are there to scope the changes and the opportunity in our business. So we talked about carryout being one of the catalysts. One of the things that's going to be true in the new loyalty program is we're going to recognize that a carryout customers' ticket is lower, and so the hurdle for getting points will be lower. Secondarily, we want to engage people at all levels. We expect to have a big influx of new customers coming in today. And our current program, you need 60 points, there'll be points at various levels from a redemption standpoint. So, we think this is a truly new and improved program for our customers and a profitable one for our franchisees.
Russell Weiner: Yes, sure. Good morning, Peter. Yes, on the loyalty side, we are big fans in general. We look at -- as I said in the opening remarks, we look at lifetime value. We look at long-term business decisions. And it's clear that, in the long term, order count drives franchisee profitability. And so this will continue to be a transactions-based program. And so, yes, like I said, the big change on the transaction-based is actually we will allow people to transact at a lower level. And we think this is really important in bringing in incremental frequency into the program. Today, you need to get 60 points. In the future, you'll be able to still get a pizza at 60 points, but at lower value with different products, you'll be able to participate, and we think that will be a nice driver of order counts. Ticket, in general, is something that, through our multiple platforms with Mix & Match, customers end up usually doing themselves. And obviously, we've got a robust AB testing system, and so there's a lot of upselling -- appropriate upselling on the website and on the apps.
Russell Weiner: Yes, sure. So, I'll give you a two-part answer. I'm sorry, Sandeep, made me do this 8:30 call this morning. Usually, we do 10:30, so I've had a couple of cups of coffee. So, my apologies. On carryout, the interesting thing that drives the carryout business, and it kind of makes sense when you think about it, is just proximity. And so, the great piece of our fortressing strategy is that we're opening up stores closer to customers. So just like our delivery drivers make more efficient deliveries when they're closer to customers, the same thing is if we put a Domino's Pizza -- you mentioned, for example, competitors being local pizza companies. If we put a Domino's Pizza right in the middle, that's a great thing that those are really, really incremental transactions from us. In fact, the incrementality of carryout when we split the store is even more incremental than delivery from a customer standpoint. So, the second piece is carryout customers, they really want value. And one of the reasons they're doing carryout is they want to avoid the tip, they want to avoid the delivery fee and nobody provides better value than Domino's Pizza. Part of the scale that we're able to get through our purchasing is then passed along to customers, and I think we're very competitive from a carryout standpoint. And then, with pricing, to me, the pricing at Domino's has always been volume-based. We certainly want to have -- on an order-by-order basis, we want to make sure our franchisees are making the profit they need to, and Sandeep talked to the increase in franchisee profitability. But then, once the profit per order is established, we have, what we call, a high-volume mentality. And so, we price for proper profitability on a per order basis that will help drive consumer to buy Domino's more frequently. And so that's kind of how we look at it. I don't expect to be at the high end of pricing. What I expect to do -- and I think if you look at other restaurants in our categories, I expect our franchisees to be at the high end of profitability, while we're offering best-in-class value to customers.
Russell Weiner: Yes. No, sure. I appreciate you, because a lot of times, the headlines are what grabs folks. But actually, it's the subtext that actually drives the headlines, if you think about it. And so, maybe not talking about those three drivers, but talking about the things behind it, some of which we've mentioned already. But really, what we've done is, in addition to the significant carryout growth that you've seen this year, is we've improved the underlying fundamentals of the business. And those fundamentals are going to help us really get the most out of those other drivers that you've talked about. So, improved profitability for our franchisees and for us, frankly; Sandeep talked about our operating income margins. Summer of Service is leading to improved service. So, Dennis, the service this quarter versus quarter last year, we're 1.9 minutes -- almost 2 minutes better than just a year ago and actually better than even last quarter. And so, the discussions, the best practices, just the fact that we're leaning into service with our franchisees is making it immediate different. We -- so we've got this morning bunch of franchisees here for Summer of Service, so I can tell you firsthand how excited people are to be here. We've already had the equivalent of essentially 50% our stores represented through this building already in Summer of Service. So again, improved profitability, improved service, and then, obviously, the new loyalty program that we discussed. From an innovation standpoint, what I would tell you is our approach to innovation is purposeful innovation. And when I say purposeful innovation, it's -- we don't sit and say, "All right, we need this many new products. We need this many technologies. It's, what's the global purpose that we're trying to achieve for this brand over time," right? And so, we look at, obviously, product being important, and we've got two product launches this year, which is significant for us, at least that we've mentioned so far. But we also -- we believe innovation is more than just new products. In fact, if all you're doing is new products, in a way, you're kind of degrading your base product and you're hurting your service. And so, what we'd like to do is also lean into other things. And so, Pinpoint Delivery is a great example that we just launched right now. It's a technology innovation. We call those types of innovation tech-quity drivers, it drives our technology equity. But what it does too is it shows our consumers from an innovation standpoint, how incredibly obsessed we are with delivery. And whenever we do that, whether it's, in this case, with Pinpoint, we built our own vehicle. If you remember years ago with the DXP, we have the electric vehicle launch earlier this year. When we show our customers that we are obsessed with the delivery process or even the ordering process, there are 20 different ways to order on those pizza, they realize and recognize that means we're obsessed with every piece. And what that does is it drives long-term brand love. And that's why we are and we have to be delivering these aggregator orders, right? We are obsessed with delivery. We do have Pinpoint Delivery. We do have fleets of vehicles out there. And we do it because we think there's a competitive advantage to owning the entire customer experience. And so that is why we're really leaning in and making sure we were the delivery that us as the delivery experts, we're delivering the pizzas that we're getting through this platform were really important. So, you had a one-part question. I gave you a four-part answer to your one-part question. But as you can tell, we're really excited about delivery here at Domino's Pizza.
Russell Weiner: Yes. Sure, Greg. On the data standpoint, it was really important for us to get the data that we need to have in order to analyze the incrementality of the platform. And so, we are getting that. We appreciate that in the partnership. The other thing and it probably hits you over the head, of course, but we are delivering the pizzas. And if we deliver the pizza, that means we need every piece of information in order to deliver that pizza, which is the customer's name and address and contact information. And so maybe those two things, the ability to analyze the incrementality and the fact that we're delivering the product, hopefully gives you a sense of what kind of data we'll be getting here.
Russell Weiner: Yes. And I would just add to Sandeep's answer. Now that we're in -- we're going to be in this incremental channel of aggregators, I think it's important to really understand that we have a new unlock for value. So, the best value, the best prices, the best offers will be at dominos.com or our apps. The only way to get our great new loyalty program will be our apps or dominos.com. The only way to get Pinpoint Delivery. That's going to be our value channel. But essentially what the aggregator platform opens up for us -- maybe let me give you my point of view on it. I don't think we need to get every customer on that platform. I think we need to get the right customers. So like I said, the value customers, we want them to come to dominos.com. But this will be a premium price channel for us, and specifically the higher income customers that they've got are the ones that we're going to be targeting here. And so, I think if anything, this gives us more levers to unlock value for customers, but also value from our franchisees as far as kind of a higher income, higher price marketplace.
Russell Weiner: Great question, Chris. I'll take that one. I think internationally -- I know your question was on the U.S., I'll get to that in two seconds. But when you think about it on a global basis, every eight hours somewhere around the world, we're opening up a Domino's Pizza. And I just think the magnitude of that is something that our team takes a lot of pride on. As Sandeep said, we certainly expect the store growth to inflect towards the end of the year and especially into 2024. And let me give you some kind of perspective why, and what I ask is just put yourself in the seat of our franchisees or as an investor and say -- and now I'm specifically talking about the U.S. per your question. It's okay, if I'm going to open up a store, if I'm going to spend my money on a store, what do I want to ensure? I want to ensure profitability, right? And Sandeep said, we expect to be at least at $150,000 this year for our franchisees, which is up $11,000 versus last year. So, you want to see growing profits. The other thing you want to do is you want to look at the track record. And so let me tell you a little bit about the track record of Domino's Pizza. And when I say track record, look, there are always going to be hiccups, right? But the one thing that I think is really special is if you look at our domestic business over the last 12 months, we've only closed 16 stores. And so, 16 stores, that's 0.2% of our base. I think the QSR average is about 1.5% to 2%. And so, we closed only 16 stores. Actually, the last time we closed more than 20 stores was in 2016. And so that, to me, is the reason to believe why we're going to take a system that's already opening up more stores than its competitors, and really lean in more because the profitability is better and the track record is fantastic.
Russell Weiner: Yes, Brian. On the international piece, we already got $1 billion business there. And so, we're expecting the same type of incrementality as we take this from -- to those 13 incremental Uber Eats markets. And I just want to remind everyone on the call that between the U.S. and international, we'll be on 28 markets that we are overlapping with Uber Eats, and that means that -- because of where these stores are located, the markets and where the stores are located, 70% of our stores will be getting this incremental volume that we talked about. The $1 billion number is a net number, just to be clear. I think you did a great job answering some of the questions about how we're going to distinguish ourselves on the platform here in the U.S. One of the key pieces is service. We will have the best service experience, we believe, in the pizza or restaurant industry. The only thing we care about is getting the pizza to your house warm and hot and delicious. The important thing, and this is actually part of my opening remarks to our franchisees in Summer of Service, we're the only ones who from the time you order make your product, and the only person who touches it next is you, as the customer. We make it and we deliver it. And we just think that's really, really special. Second, it's a premium price, but Domino's has good prices. Even our menu prices, we've got a significant number of things that are going on in menu prices. So, I fully expect us to be of value there. And yes, you're right, on service times, I expect not only the service to be at the high end, and when I say high end, the good end of that. But when you get the product, that experience is going to be great because it will never have left Domino's hand. Finally, we will be spending marketing money, but it's important to understand two things. One is, the only place we'll be spending our marketing money is on the platform. We won't be spending our money to drive consumers to the platform. But once they're on the platform, we, of course, want to drive them to Domino's, and we've negotiated a return on advertising spend. That's in line with how we buy the rest of our digital media. And so, we think it's going to be a profitable one. But we know how to buy digital media on any platform. So I'm excited to see what we can do there.
Russell Weiner: Yes, David. The loyalty program is really not just focused on carryout. I mentioned the carryout piece because that's really the front end on ticket. We expect, obviously, through this deal as well, to get a lot of customers really interested in Domino's Pizza. And so, we want to have interactions for delivery customers at the low end, and that's one of the incremental things that we're driving here.
Russell Weiner: Hey, John, thanks for the question. Yes, on the -- I'll start with the attraction of delivery drivers. We actually have more applications coming in now for delivery drivers than we did back in 2019. And so, we're excited about that. And some of that is what's translating to the improved services. We've got more drivers, and I haven't really spent a lot of time talking about our electric fleet vehicles, and we've got about 1,000 of them coming on. And actually, we have over 1,000 non-electric fleet vehicles. And what that's done is it's really opened up -- not every store really needs them, but the ones that are having trouble getting delivery drivers, there are plenty of people with driver's licenses that don't have access to vehicles that want to drive for Domino's Pizza, and we're really seeing that make a difference. And so that's part of why you're seeing the current increase in momentum. And the desire with Summer of Service is to continue to drive that, in a few ways, right? One of it is just bringing it top of mind, every franchisee in the U.S. is coming to Ann Arbor to do this, and so driving the importance in top of mind, driving the accountability what it is that we expect from the delivery experience. And then lastly, driving some best practices. And these are best practices that already exist in the system, but new ones. And so, I'm really looking forward to sharing some of the things that we're sharing with our franchisees now in Summer of Service during Investor Day. And what you'll see is the circle of operations for a Domino's Pizza today is very different than it was even just a couple of years ago. And those changes are really impacting service. And then, there's the technology aspect of it. And so, we've got systems -- new systems that are going to be running in our store as part of our next-generation store system to really upgrade the level of service because we're helping our franchisees and our team members more. And so these systems are running in many of our stores today. So for example, our -- many of our stores are making pizzas before customers actually complete their orders online. And some of them are dispatching orders to drivers before those orders -- those drivers are even back in the stores. And so if you're making pizzas before people finish ordering them and you're dispatching them in a way that doesn't require your driver to come back into the store and find a parking spot, that's going to help. And so, Summer of Service is about best practices, but it's about introducing these kind of AI-enabled suite of services to help our franchisees and team members do their job more efficiently.
Russell Weiner: I would say China is one of the -- when we talk about our top 15 international markets and the fact that there are 10,000-plus stores still to build in those markets, obviously, China plays a big role there.
Russell Weiner: Yes, sure, Josh. I think what's really important to understand is there is a common marketing message really throughout which is -- I'm not going to go in detail, I think it's a little bit of our special sauce. But suffice it to say, what a customer is looking for is a great overall pizza experience, no matter what channel they're ordering through. And that drives the consistency and the strong brand messaging we've had for the last 10, 15 years. What I think -- and actually, we're in a great place in the world now because there are so many different mediums out there. And so there's the marketing message, but also then there's the media buy. And what we can do with the media buy is being very, very targeted. And so, yes, that carryout customer that wants control and value, we can reach out to them that way. If a delivery customer that's looking for maybe quick delivery times and a big bundle for a birthday party or whatever, we can do that as well. And so, I think Domino's as a brand is -- will have a singular meaning to customers. But what we'll do is we're going to leverage media and really what I think is a best-in-class marketing -- or highest-in-class marketing budget in order to more personalize the message. And that probably gets me to the last part of your question, which is what am I excited about that we're going to -- that we're doing today, but we're going to lean into a little bit more, and that is just personalization. As you said, we've got millions of users on the database and we're personalizing our message today. But the tools are just getting better, and that's where our investment is going and we're going to be at the forefront of that.
Russell Weiner: Yes. Our delivery fee and franchisee level delivery fees, they're all contemplated in our pricing structure. And so, no, I don't think that's going to be affecting our profitability at all. And as we're on the platform, anything they want to do with their customers to drive them to buy Domino's Pizza, that's really upside for us.
Russell Weiner: Yes. I want to be clear that the ways we're spending our money is specifically on things that we can measure with something called return on advertising spend, and so that would be how we drive a customer on Google or any other kind of social media or digital media.
Russell Weiner: Yes, a great question, and I'm going to -- we'll give you a tongue-in-cheek answer to this one is I very much hope and expect that we do not currently have the number of delivery drivers we will need for this incremental volume. But I also know, and I'm confident, based on what we've learned through what's been a struggling time to hire drivers, that we know what it takes now, whether it's the certain hiring practices, if you look at our new training, if you look at actually our corporate stores and just the turnover numbers going down, as well as the incremental fleet we're talking about. So yes -- do I expect to need incremental drivers? Yes. And yes, I expect to be able to get them.
Russell Weiner: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. Really for us, it came down to three elements: scale, scope and incrementality. The scale of the aggregator QSR pizza delivery business is big now. It's a $5 billion category. We're the number one pizza delivery company in the country and we don't sell a single order on it. And so if there's a $5 billion opportunity, that kind of scale, you can expect us to compete for our fair share. The second is scope, the scope of the deal and the terms of the deal is -- are really favorable for us and our international and domestic franchisees. And I said earlier, how now 70% of the stores will have access to potentially orders from Uber. And the last piece is just the incrementality. We are -- it's clear from the work we've done internationally and the studies we've done here in the states that we know how to manage this as a separate channel and drive incremental volume. And those things weren't always there in the past. As frankly, just to be perfectly honest, we are a delivery company and we needed to be able to deliver our own orders before we took on incremental, and we are absolutely doing that right now as you can see with the increased or the improvement in service time, and we're ready for that next wave of orders.
Russell Weiner: Well, thank you so much, everybody, for joining the call this morning. Sandeep, Ryan and I, we really look forward to speaking with you again in October to discuss our Q3 2023 results. Have a great day.
Sandeep Reddy: Hey, Andrew, it's Sandeep. So, I think really important points that you bring up. I think from a value and food cost standpoint, as you know, we've actually had pretty significant volatility on the food basket over the last, call it, seven quarters. So, I think when you look at '23 specifically, the food basket is basically up on a year-to-date basis about 1%. Last quarter was a deflationary quarter with the minus 2.4%. And obviously, when you look at the guidance that we provided of 3% to 5%, if the current level of food basket deflation that happened in Q2 continues, it's mostly driven by cheese by the way, we should continue to see material upside on the food basket as we go through the balance of the year. This makes a huge difference to profitability of our franchisees. And I think that helps repair some of the pressure that they took last year in their profitability. So, from a price opportunity standpoint, I think what we've been very clear about from the get-go is value, value to the consumer. So, if there is a way to actually pass value to the consumer through all of our different promotional platforms, we always look to actually maximize that opportunity. And that will be -- continually be the way we actually approach this as well. It's too early to actually talk about where we're going to take this. But the framework through which we'll analyze it is exactly the same as what we've always had on pricing.
Sandeep Reddy: I just wanted to add one thing to this, Chris, which I think is super important, because when we talked about the development outlook last quarter, we talked about is beginning to inflect in Q4, and then actually be very strong in 2024, this was before thinking about the Uber partnership. And I think when you think about the Uber partnership, this is a tremendous value to the franchisees. And the reason I say that is if you think about what Russell just talked about, all of our national promotions and all the special deals that we have will only be on our platform, which means that what is actually being sold on the aggregated platforms will be essentially menu price, which actually drives great profitability for the franchisees and great flow-through to them. And those are all incremental transactions as we talked about going into '24. So, the increase in profitability for the franchisees is going to be very material on top of what we already talked about in last call. And this, if anything, further accelerates the momentum in unit development in the U.S. going into '24.
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. And Dave, just to add on to your second question, which is, was the aggregated deal contemplated when we lowered the two- to three-year outlook that we provided February? No, it was not. At that time, we had not gotten to the point where we thought we were going to actually do it. And so, I think this is -- that's just the context we should have.
Sandeep Reddy: Hi, Brian, thanks for the question. Look, we're really excited about the China market. I think we're doing extremely well. I think now that we've actually come out of the COVID years, we've actually seen a very strong growth in productivity over there. Great development actually happening and huge potential for runway in terms of future development. And it is going to be one of the biggest growth opportunities in the international portfolio. We are super excited about it.
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. And I think it's a really good question, and there's quite a few things that are in there. And so, I'm going to actually kind of unpack them a little bit for you. So, I'll start with the tech fee itself. Well, the tech fees based on order counts. So every incremental order that actually comes through the platform, a tech fee will apply, same with any other order. So I think that's one. And I think the rest of it is what will royalties be payable on basically in terms of what we report. It's really the food sales as well as the delivery fee. So, our calculation of same store sales and retail sales will include those. And if there are any service fees or service charges that Uber actually charges, those really won't to appear in our numbers, those will be directly from Uber. So hopefully that helps you kind of understand the structure of how this is going to work.
Sandeep Reddy: Just to clarify one thing, I just want to make sure we touch on it. But any promotional activity on the platform would have to be agreed with us. And I think we'll do that in partnership with them. So, I think that we'll be thinking through the holistic lens of those promotions.
