Ritch Allison: Hi, Brian, and thanks for the question. And you're absolutely right. We've got some pretty strong laps ahead of us from the second and the third quarters of last year. But what we're really focused on are continuing to make the investments to drive long-term growth in the business. And as I look out across the rest of the year, we are really in an enviable position. We've got a fantastic advertising war chest. We have not deployed some of the tools this year so far that we've used in the past around our boost weeks to drive incremental customer acquisitions. So we have those in our arsenal. And I think very importantly, the carryout business, which on a relative basis, when you look at order growth during 2020 was weak, relative to its historical run rate. And so we've got an opportunity to continue to drive that carryout business, along with some day and day parts during the week as well. As it relates to last year weekends and late night were relatively weak versus weekdays and the earlier in the dayparts from last year. So as customer patterns continue to change, as the economy continues to open up, we feel confident that we've got a set of tools to allow us to continue to grow our business.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Pete. When we give the original estimate, which comes back in early January is based on a pretty limited sample of the franchisee P&Ls that come in. And over the course of the first quarter, as those begin to roll in, we collect them and rarely does it move this much from the original estimate to the final number, but just the way the sample played out over time, the result ended up coming in quite a bit stronger. And when I think about where we sit within the industry today, that $177,000 in store-level EBITDA really puts our system in an incredible position of strength. And when you see it, you're not surprised that we only had one store that closed in the US throughout the entire quarter.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Sarah, what we saw across the US was continued pressure on carryout order count in total. But when we broke it down and looked state-by-state at a different pace of reopening across the country. There really were no discernible differences in our business overall. So we still see a lot of opportunity for carryout to continue to grow and come back as mobility increases broadly across the country. And I can also tell you that we have -- we've not been as aggressive as we've been in the past on promoting that carryout business also. And so there are opportunities there for us as we look across the rest of the year as well.
Ritch Allison: Sure. John, thanks for the question. And it really is -- it's -- performance is still quite mixed across the markets within the international business, as you might guess that the dynamics as it relates to COVID are still quite different depending upon what parts of the world that we're in. But what we have seen is, as we were able to, over the course of 2020, reopen our markets, you may recall this time last year, we were gosh, 2,000-plus units that were temporarily closed. And as we've been able to get units reopened and then to get the pipeline of new development going and turn the marketing back on across the international businesses, we've seen a strong resurgence in sales in many of the markets that we operate in. And it's going to continue to be choppy market by market as we look out across 2021 because in some places, we're going to be lapping very weak comps in retail sales from last year. And in other places on the planet, we're going to be lapping very strong numbers from last year.
Ritch Allison: Yes. As I look across the globe, Jared, we still see so much opportunity for continued growth and share gain in that international business. So, while it's grown rapidly, certainly over the last decade, you're still looking at an international business in total that grows in that kind of low -- the market overall that grows in that kind of low to mid-single-digits. And then you've got much share gain opportunity as well. Our share in the international business in total is significantly less than where we are in the US today. So, as I look at it now, I still see a significant amount of opportunity to continue to grow the business. We're hitting scale in some of the key markets around the world. If you look at the places where we've been really strong, recently, like Japan, like India, we're starting to get there in China. We've started to hit some really nice scale points in some of those markets as well that give us the wherewithal and the ability to invest at a high level in the business going forward. And then finally, I would just highlight, once again, as we talk about all the time, the growth really comes back to the unit level economics in the business. And while we still got some challenges in a few places around the globe, by and large, the unit level economics remain really strong across the world and with COVID loosening up certainly in some places, not as much in others. As it loosens up, it really gives those franchisees the opportunity to release some of that pent-up demand for unit level investment and growth.
Ritch Allison: Yes, I think as we mentioned in the -- back in February when we released the fourth quarter, dynamics remained pretty consistent in the first quarter in that we're getting a lot more of the growth out of retained customers versus newly acquired customers. And again, we've turned down some of the more aggressive promotions, which drive a lot of customer acquisition. What I am pleased to see is that our active loyalty membership continues to grow. And also, we continue to see really strong and steady order frequency among those active loyalty customers. So, strong continued engagement and sales from our existing customers and we've got some opportunities, I think, as we look out through the course of the year to really turn the volume back up on new customer acquisition as well.
Ritch Allison: So Chris, thanks for the question. We are continuing to grow sales in the carryout segment. It really is the order counts in the carryout segment that were under more pressure in Q1 and then also looking back into last year. So we still -- we're still capturing growth in that segment, but it's come more from ticket through customers adding more items per order for the first quarter and also back into last year. As I mentioned earlier, we have not been as aggressive in our marketing of the carryout segment, just given some of the challenges around operating in the COVID environment, But we see a lot of opportunity as we look across this year to continue to crank that back up. And our new service method of Domino's Carside Delivery, we see as a critical weapon to do that. We brought that forward to address the safety concerns that customers had around picking up their food in a COVID environment. But over the long-term, that's really a great tool for us as we compete for carryout business against the drive-thru lanes of other QSR concepts.
Ritch Allison: Definitely not. And as Stu described, John, some -- a good bit of the work that we're trying to do around tech and around the store operating model is, basically to keep drivers moving 100% of the time, with the long-term goal that they never get out of their cars, are delivering pizzas constantly, as opposed to other tasks and other activities, kind of, that they had to perform in the old operating environment.
Ritch Allison: Yes. John, no material change, which for us, is not good enough, because they've got to continue to get faster. And so, that's really what we're focused on. We've absorbed the volume without any material change in the service times, but we got to get faster.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Dennis. Thanks for the question. I guess I'll start by saying we're relatively agnostic as to where the share gain comes from. And we see opportunities to continue to take share across the category. And it's why we – why we're so focused on retail sales growth as the key metric not only because it drives all the economics in our business, but obviously, that's how we ultimately gain market share over time. As I look this year and ongoing, fortressing is going to continue to be a big part of that strategy to gain share. As we've talked about in the past, we are still relatively underpenetrated in terms of share in the carryout business specifically. And fortressing gives us an opportunity to go out and grab that largely incremental carryout business. And then on the delivery side, we believe that we've got to continue to offer great value to our customers and terrific service to continue to gain share on the delivery side. And we've talked about how fortressing helps that over time. We're going to continue to invest in our technology initiatives and operating practices, procedures to continue to help us do a better job of service with our customers as well. And then you combine that with fantastic unit-level economics, which allow franchisees to invest in service and an incredible war chest in terms of our advertising fund to go out there and drive customer awareness and acquisition, and we feel like we're in a very strong position to continue to grow.
Ritch Allison: Yes, Lauren, it's a great question and something we think about a lot is both the availability and the cost of labor and in particular, the real pinch point in the business is drivers. So part of what we're doing and working on is, trying to continue to make that a great job with the best economics for drivers, relative to the other alternatives that they have out there. And we've talked about a number of strategies around that. We continue our work around fortressing to give drivers more deliveries per hour, which translates into higher wages. We're working on technology and operating practices that keep drivers in their cars. So imagine a world where they don't come back into the store, we run the pizzas out to their cars and then go and take the next order. So we're trying to work on those economics for our drivers to keep them keep them busy and earning higher level wages. And then also a big part of -- what makes Domino's different and has made us different over time is that, being a driver at Domino's or a pizza maker inside the store is an opportunity to become an entrepreneur over time. And so, a big part of our job and our franchisees' jobs also is to sell the opportunity going forward because 90-plus percent of them started office drivers or insiders. And then the final thing I'd say about labor is that, we'll present an ongoing challenge, not just for Domino's, but for others across the industry is the -- just the changes in minimum wage around the country, as that moves differentially from one market to another, certainly, it puts pressures in some places and not in others. And as we operate as a national brand, we always have to take those things into account as we plan our ongoing marketing and promotional calendar over the course of the year.
Ritch Allison: Sure, David. We have a lot of things did change in our approach in 2020 relative to what we were doing back in 2019, driven by COVID and I talked about some of those a little bit earlier on the call, some of the things that we turned the volume down on a little bit with the carryout business being one of them, you might recall back at the beginning of 2020, we were running advertising on TV called, I can't call Pie Pass, where folks would walk into the store and see their name up on the screen as they pick their pizza, but we had to turn that off immediately when we couldn't allow customers to come into our stores. And then throughout the remainder of the year, we were developing new safe service methods for carryout, but we weren't pushing that business as hard as we had pushed not just in 2019, but in the years -- the five or six years that preceded that. Secondly, we turned off the more aggressive promotional weeks that we had typically peppered across the annual calendar. We ran those in 2019. We didn't run those in 2020. So those may give you a little bit of a sense for some of the things that we – arrows that we have in the quiver, if you will, that we can bring back and deploy in 2021 as we get to a more normal operating environment. We'll also continue to look at new product development and other relevant news to bring out to the market to attract customers into the brand. We actually did do a little bit of that in 2020 and looking forward to doing some more of that here in 2021.
Ritch Allison: Well, we've still got -- David, things are still evolving on a real-time basis. And there's a lot of factors that we bring into play when we think about what we're going to deploy going forward. We're certainly still as -- not just at Domino's, but across the economy still riding a bit of the wave of government stimulus. And then we've still got COVID to deal with. We're making good progress with vaccinations across the U.S., but there's still a lot of work to be done there. So one of the things that we always look to do and that we have the ability to do here is to be flexible and to be adaptive. And we've got a number of arrows in the quiver, as I mentioned, to drive the business as we look out across the year depending upon how things unfold.
Ritch Allison: James, we're not going to comment today on anything post-quarter one. But we did -- during quarter one, as I mentioned a little bit in my prepared remarks, we certainly saw a quarter that was not an even quarter. You had stimulus on the beginning and on the end and then you had some rather extreme weather events in certain parts of the country in the middle. And then alongside all of that, you had the country reopening at different speeds all around. So, a lot of moving parts in the first quarter of the business. We, obviously, continue to stay on top of it, not weekly, but daily and hourly. And we'll have more to share, obviously, about the second quarter when we get together again in three months.
Ritch Allison: Hey Jon, on your first question on the $177,000, we don't count any government money in that number. That's the EBITDA from running Domino's Pizza stores. And as a company, DPZ, we didn't take any government money through the course of this -- through the course of the pandemic. And on loyalty, the loyalty program has to be a living thing over time. We're little over five years into our loyalty program. We launched it back in 2015. And so we are constantly looking at different ways that we can turn the dials on that program to attract customers into the program to keep them engaged. So, constantly thinking about how customers earn and burn points over time. As we -- and we do learn from what we see out there in the marketplace as well as continuing to do an extensive amount of customer research on our own customers. We've been very pleased to see that the active enrollment in that program has continued to grow. So, it's continued to have appeal for new customers coming in. And then also, as I mentioned earlier, We've been pleased to see that the order frequency of active loyalty members has continued to remain steady because once you get your program to 27 million active as we have today, big part of that value comes from the -- just the ongoing and continued engagement and frequency of those customers.
Ritch Allison: Andrew, thanks for the question. I won't comment on quarter-to-quarter and how we're going to deploy it, really for competitive reasons, if you will. But we are in a fortunate position to have a very strong war chest and surplus going into the year. And that gives us an opportunity as we look out across the year and we see what happens with sales trends in the business, it really does allow us to put a little bit more muscle against things when and where we need to.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Brett, it's a great question, and one that, when we sit down every year and make our investment decisions around technology, we are always trying to invest against a portfolio both of near-term things that can have immediate value, but then also some of the longer-term investments that may not drive any immediate value, but that we want to make sure that we're out in the forefront on. When I think about the near-term component of that, we've got a significant amount of technology investment that is going to our stores today and improving the efficiency with which we operate our stores. When you think about what some of the kind of the key pinch points or constraints are in the business, right now. It is labor, it is availability and labor costs at the store level. So we're focusing a lot of time and energy on running more efficient stores, such that we can drive higher order counts and higher sales per labor hour. So there’s a lot of effort there and a number of things that are rolling out through our system today. And then on the longer term, Nuro is a great example of that. We are doing some autonomous deliveries as we speak, in Houston, right now, but it's going to be a while before autonomous delivery is broadly deployed across the Domino's system, but we want to make sure that we're investing and learning today, in particular, how the customer will interact with the robot and how the robot will interact with our operations at the stores. And those are the key learnings that we're trying to drive now, such that when we are able to more broadly deploy the technology, we're ready and have a good understanding of how it can impact our business and our customers.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Jeff. You know, on the unit growth, we have already seen an acceleration in the pace. If you look at last year, we had 624 net openings for the year. And if you look in the first quarter of this year, when you look back trailing four quarter was 730. So that pace has already accelerated up by more than 100 units. And when we look at the pipeline in the US and we look at the pipeline in our international markets, we see a really strong pipeline ahead and an opportunity to continue to accelerate that pace of unit opening. The unknown for us as we look out across the year, still relates to COVID. And you turn the news on, you'll see there are some places around the world where COVID is really still raging and in some places, getting worse. To what extent that impacts our pace of unit growth, we're still monitoring and still have some uncertainty around that. But the good news for the brand is that the unit economics are incredibly strong, the demand for franchisee investment is there, and we expect to continue to see the pace of unit growth accelerate. The final part of your question was around the staffing and that’s always a challenge but one that we are franchisees feel comfortable that we can manage overtime. Part of the beauty, particularly as it relates to the US of opening these new stores is that the majority of these are opening in our – as part of our fortressing program and giving us an opportunity to do two things. One is to shrink the territory, so we get more deliveries per – per hour of delivery driver labor, but also you get that incremental carryout business, which is a much less labor-intensive business for our stores, which is one of the reasons we want to continue to grow and build that business.
Ritch Allison: Thank you very much, and thanks to all of you for taking the time to join us on the call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again in July to discuss our second quarter 2021 results. Have a great day.
Stu Levy: The other thing just to keep in mind, and this is a very COVID unique thing, but all of that demand that was dine-in for a lot of restaurants, their choice was to figure out how to do carryout or delivery. So you've got players in carryout, players in delivery that we're all still wondering whether they stay there permanently, whether they shift back into dine-in, how they split their dining rooms, et cetera. But it essentially changes that market in terms of the group of players playing in there as well, which is one of the reasons you see that increase in the carryout market has.
Stu Levy: Yes. Thanks. John, I'll grab that. Thanks for the question. Let me start on the supply chain side. We don't explicitly price with our franchisees based on a breakdown that says, well, this piece is labor and this piece is food. And as I've mentioned previously, while we're trying to grow our overall profit dollars for the supply chain business, we're not trying to do it at the expense of our franchisees. We're trying to do it with our franchisees through the overall growth. So we're absorbing a piece of that labor increase, versus passing that automatically through, the same that we do with food cost inflation. In terms of store level, certainly, I think everybody right now, you see it the news everywhere is challenged from a labor perspective and a hiring perspective. We still believe that, at the -- when all is said and done, you've got to be focused on service, services where you drive your differential customer engagement and drive that loyalty. Part of -- one of the structural things that we do, which helps us from a service perspective, because we don't want to take our eye off that ball, is fortressing. And we've obviously talked a lot about fortressing, but you get closer to your customers and you have the ability to serve them better. The second thing that we do is, I think, everybody sees a lot of the technology investments that we make on the front end. There's a lot that we do on the back end to try and improve the efficiency of the labor in store, take some of the labor out on store and enable s that same labor to be doing other things. So whether its tools related to the make line, or other initiatives that we're doing to try and drive throughput in the stores and trying to reduce the labor required on a daily, hourly basis. There -- it's at the forefront of everybody's mind right now. But I don't think sacrificing service is the way to do it.
Stu Levy: Yes. I mean, there's no fundamental change to our strategy from a capital allocation perspective, and we were pretty upfront about this even as we went through our recapitalization, we will deploy that that capital for investments in the business and then generally speaking, in one form or another, returning that to shareholders over the course of time. But we don't have an intention of sitting long term with a huge amount of excess cash on the balance sheet.
Stu Levy: The other thing that I would just add to that is – and you've seen the increase in the growth, particularly Q4 last year in terms of new units. There is the unfortunate practical reality of even if you have the ability to grow, you have the demand or desire to grow, just the sheer bandwidth of trying to get that done, you don't – it just takes a while to make up for what stopped last year. You can't – our franchisees, our master franchisees internationally can't just double their numbers because they want to. They need the resources to go build it, the time to go build it. So it's going to take a while, while we continue to accelerate. It's going to take some time before we make up for the period of time that we lost last year.
