J. Patrick Doyle: It did very well for us. As you heard, we had nice traffic and ticket growth in the second quarter. As with any product as we’ve kind described in the past, this is not as much kind of center of the plate as pizza. So little bit more of it is an add-on which was a great way for us to get some growth in ticket through mix in the second quarter and that was part of that ticket growth. But overall the response was very strong, I think it played into maybe a little bit of the order growth but I think most of the order growth in the second quarter really came from continued momentum in brand, continued digital growth all of those things that have been driving results for us for quite a few years. 
J. Patrick Doyle: No, I think honestly, the answer is we've got the offering right with our customers. We've got the brand right, the food right, the digital side of this right and that's really the momentum growth. So we're very happy with the specialty chicken and how it performed. It was good for store level margins at the time when there was a lot of cost structure from food costs as Mike had referenced earlier. But honestly, I think it is really about the continued momentum we've got in the brand giving customers an experience that’s relevant to them today and that’s really been the continuation of the strength that you saw both domestically and internationally. 
J. Patrick Doyle: So you did get that right. So the way to think about it is we are about 45% digital overall. So we’re kind of approaching 50% digital and we’re approaching 50% of that digital being from mobile. So kind of 20% to 25% from mobile, 20% to 25% from desktops or laptops is kind of the overall mix on that today. Every part of the digital mix has been growing but mobile has been growing clearly much faster than laptops and desktops. But we’re still continuing to see growth on the computers as well which is interesting. It hasn’t been about cannibalization, it's really been about just faster growth is coming from mobile than from computers. 
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, I think what I would say is you saw in the second quarter with just continued broad strength from the international business and I think your theory is largely correct which is as we’ve always said strong unit economics are what drive people to build stores. And this has never been -- you talk about commitments from different markets, I think we said this many times but I just don't believe that stores get built because of what's in a contract. Stores get built because they’re going to generate a good return for the people investing in them. And if they don't see that return, then there’s going to be a problem in that market. And so the continued strength of the markets, of same-store sales which is flowing through in the unit economics, it certainly correlates to the continued strength in in store growth. And so you’re seeing on kind of a trailing 12 month basis, and on that basis right now, we’re just higher than the high-end of our store growth range which we've given 4% to 6%, then that I think we’re in the range of kind of 6.5% on a trailing 12 month basis right now. And part of that is clearly continued strong comps both domestically and internationally. 
J. Patrick Doyle: It’s a conversation that we’re having with them but I think they are also really pleased with the results they’ve been seeing in their stores for a number of years now. And so with food costs, where they were in the first half, you're seeing that -- the volume growth has offset kind of those increases in food costs. They've taken a little bit of price which we think was appropriate but not a lot. And so that’s keeping the order count growth going. We’ve got a pretty good meeting of the minds with our system right now around kind of the approach that we’re going to take. They are seeing it work. We’d clearly be happier if cheese costs and pork costs were little lower than they are right now. We’d be flow little bit through more at the store level but I think we give them guidance. We tell them, this year is where we think you should take increase if you're going to take increases. But overall I'm really proud of the system. I think they have done a great job of being very judicious about how we’re going to take price in this environment. 
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, so I think the answer, Brian, is that’s performing very much in line with kind of what we’ve expected, which you are correct. I said we’re kind of approaching 10% domestically and we’re probably just a little bit over 20% on the international side. And on a straight reimage on a single store basis we see a modest increase in same-store sales versus kind of control groups. What we continue to believe is that real play here is the overall strength of the brand, relevance of the brand over the long term. And so it helps a little bit at the margin as we’re doing these but we think the bigger play is what it means for the brand overall over the long term. And that’s kind of been very consistent with what we were expecting. Remember as a business that still does more delivery even carryout, it takes some time for customers to even see the fact that you reimaged the store, if they are primarily a delivery customer. So we’re seeing it. We’re seen some increase as we do them but it's pretty modest. And we really believe in what it means long-term for the brand. 
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, so we're continuing to progress nicely in China, it's still very small. I think we ended the quarter at about 44 stores, something like that, and so you know it’s growing. It's doing better. We like the base, but we've clearly got a long way to go in China before it's going to be a big part of our business overall. So we like the start. We like Dash a lot. We think they’ve got a terrific management team there. But it's still pretty early.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think the answer, Brian, is as you've seen to date, we are 100% master franchised outside of the U.S. When we think that there is a situation where our capital going into a market will cause that market to grow faster and be more successful, we're kind of -- we reserve the right to do that. But as you've seen to-date, we haven't made that decision.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, two medium two tops for $5.99 has been our primary promotion for four plus, almost five years now, and clearly it's done very-very well for us. We like the fact that we've been able to be consistent with that because frankly it means that the price isn’t the news. What we're doing with the brand really becomes the news. It's resonate with customers. You've seen what it's done for not only comps but for profitability of the stores. So we feel good about it. I'm not going to project forward on that and I'm sure competition would love to know what our plans are in pricing. But clearly over the course of last four-five years, it’s been a winner for us.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, it is, it is, and we've seen that consistently around the world that some minority of that growth in digital has been incremental to the business. And we've got different ways to kind of cut in those numbers. But clearly some of it has been incremental. In terms of progress around the world, we continue to, I think the overall average mix is probably, in the international is probably a little bit lower than it is domestically, but not a lot, probably more in the kind of 40% range on the blended average, somewhere in there. But you still have markets that are significantly higher. So Australia, Japan, Korea, U.K., you've got markets that are 50% plus, and those are all markets that have performed very-very well over the course of the past five years and continue to grow on their digital business. So we think it continues to be a great driver of convenience for our customers, which has driven some incrementality in our sales, both domestically and internationally.
J. Patrick Doyle: Okay. The depreciation is the combination of the reimaging as well as some equipment. So we’ll see. You’re going to see that reimage -- as we reimaged the corporate stores and we’re not at the 10% level on corporate stores, we’re actually closer to fourth of our corporate stores having been reimaged already. So you’re seeing a little bit coming through there, where also there is some computer equipment that’s coming through which has a fairly short life on up the way we do since. On the telephone side, we’ve actually changed some contracts out and as we’ve done that there is a little bit of extra cost. To get out of one contract and get into the new one overtime will be at the old rate or similar. So, it’s not a big number even for this quarter but it was just know [ph] that against the total corporates -- the scale of the corporate stores are bumping up just a little bit.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. You’re going to see a little bit of depreciation cost in there. It’s got a flow-through. I mean the average reimage cost on a store for us is around $50,000-$60,000. So you can see it’s not a huge number for us but it will have a bit of an impact. 
J. Patrick Doyle: We’ll get back to you on that one. I honestly don’t remember the exact number. What I tell you is it has continued to grow very nicely.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I think the answer is that the overall story has continued to be the same which is the larger players have generally been taking share from the smaller players and the regional players. Clearly we’ve had one of our national competitors that has struggled a bit recently and so they benefit more of a share donor for a few quarters here, but overall I think the strength of the national has been playing out against the smaller regional players.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. As you look nationally there are some places where smaller and regional chains are relatively stronger but overall the share donor is national. So that’s kind of it affect everywhere and you’re still looking at the four largest players in the US only do about 40% of pizza in the US. So the majority player in almost every market in the country is those smaller and regional chains. So that’s where most of it has been coming from.
J. Patrick Doyle: I guess what I’d say is what continues to be true is the economics of digital orders are better for us than phone orders and walk-in orders and it continues to be better experience for our customers. Their loyalty is better, their customer satisfaction is higher and that all continues to be the same, in terms of the specific surround coupons and coupon usage I don’t think I am going to get in to all of that.
J. Patrick Doyle: So yeah, our total domestic system is just a little bit under 10% reimaged. Our corporate stores are around 25% reimaged within that overall kind of 10-ish percent.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah new stores are opening very, very nicely and stronger over the course of the last year 18 months then I think they have done historically. So, we’re very pleased with how new units are opening.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. There is. It’s interesting. It’s kind of fall into winter we see our digital mix grow and late spring in the summer it seems to kind of flatten out every year and that pattern is held for five, six, seven years now. It’s been very, very, very consistent.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I think the expectation is we will see a bit more of a lift from relocated stores than we do from reimage stores. I think as we go through this process it’s going to be a relatively small minority of stores that wind up getting relocated but not completely inconsequential. It could be 10% of the system something like that that we see maybe a little bit more, but the answer is yeah you’ll tend to see a better lift from relocated stores, but it’s going to be a relatively small percentage of the stores that will get relocated.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I mean it’s continued to get better. I think our trailing 12-month net number now is 70. So that’s moved up nicely from where we were a year or two ago. Our goal is to continue to grow that and to continue to accelerate that. And I don’t think you’re going to see a short-term market increase in that, but our goal is certainly to continue to grow faster as we move forward and unit economics are a driver of that.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. You know what, I think the answer is it’s really been pretty consistent for a number of years now and that’s certainly more a domestic answer than necessarily an internationally answer. Internationally, on an average the answer is probably the same. There are certainly some markets where you’re seeing a little bit more pricing activity. There has been fairly aggressive pricing activity in Australia recently, but overall it’s been pretty consistent. I think you’re seeing ticket up a little bit. Our best sense is that you’re seeing ticket up a little bit from our major competitors in the US as well but not materially out of line with what we have done.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I guess what’d I say is continue broad strengths and we’re little bit of an unusual situation this quarter in that our publicly traded master franchisees, only one of them has released so far. And it happens to be the one that’s released which is I would say it released yesterday and they released a kind of aggregated number with their other brands. I think their overall number was like 5.5 something like that for all their brands, but I guess what I’d say is it’s been a continuation of kind of the strong trends that we’ve seen.
J. Patrick Doyle: So I believe that is the last question. So I’d like to thank all of you for your time today and I look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October. Thank you.
Michael Lawton: Interesting way to put that question. I think the fact is the last half for the year will be -- we will be spending more on the technology side. One of our challenges both in international and in the IT area has been for the last two or three years is actually getting the right people on board as fast as we would like. We’re willing to spend the money to support the growth areas. But you don't want to do that just by throwing it around loosely and as we -- right now we’re staffed up better in IT than we were at the beginning of the year. So we’re spending at a faster rate, you saw that in the second quarter as the numbers creep up a little. We want to be investing where it’s appropriate, sometimes it takes a little more time than it’s likely. 
Michael Lawton: I think you could – we could probably add a turn at or below the current of our – the rate that we currently borrow at, it’s 5.25%. 
Michael Lawton: Well certainly the ability to borrow was there. As, the answer to a prior question from Brian about, do we ever participate in other JVs or run it, then if we borrow up to the maximum that does give us a little bit more limitation of what we could do. We also have to have a use of cash that we feel is appropriate because of who our investor base is. We do take that into account and it’s a little bit different than the past where there was always a very strong view - the special dividends were great, not everybody shares that view. So, we’re weighing all both the sources – our ability to borrow at a very attractive interest rate versus what was potentially used as a cash if we’re to do so. We do have the ability a year from now to call up to a third of our existing debt and refinance, that’s not something that’s available to us today.
