Ritch Allison: Yeah. Lauren, it’s Ritch. Thanks for the question. We see opportunity honestly across both of those, both in terms of attracting new customers into the brand and also driving incremental sales with those existing customers. And during the second quarter, we continued our Points for Pies program which was all about continuing to do both of those things.  Number one, driving increased number of royalty program enrolments, resulting in additional customers coming in to the brand and purchasing for the first time, but also continuing to expand our engagement with our existing customer base, as we discussed back in January, we have got more than $20 million active members in that Piece of the Pie rewards program. So as we look forward, we see opportunity on both of those fronts.
Ritch Allison: Sure. So Mike as we take a look at Q2, no - no material differences in the pressures on our same-store sales in the U.S. business. We continued to progress forward with our fortressing strategy that we have been working on for a while and we have shared with you the range of downward pressure on the comp from that. That honestly doesn’t fluctuate much on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And then we did during Q2 continued to see a significant amount of pressure in the part of third-party aggregators. There is a substantial amount of discounting out there as they drive to gain market share. And second a lot of spending on advertising in the marketplace, which puts some downward pressure on our share of voice, so same -- really a very similar story in Q1 in terms of the pressures on the comp. As I look forward and think about, how do we drive comps in the future and reaccelerate, there is -- the story is going to be fairly similar to what has gotten us here over the past several years. There are some things that are still going to matter a lot, even in this new competitive landscape. We still got to bring great product to our customers each and every day. We are heavily focused on that. We have got to remain intensely focused on value and while -- we certainly see same cost pressures into the business, we and our franchisees have been steadfast with our $5.99 mix and match, our delivery hero offer there and our $7.99 carry out offer, that’s still going to be important. We have got to drive every day to provide consistent and great service, delivery service to our customers. We are working on that every day and we will continue to invest in technology. I mentioned some of those in my prepared remarks on the call. I am particularly excited about our rollout of GPS coming later in the year, which will once again put some fantastic technology not only in the hands of our customers to get better transparency into their pizza order, but also in a lot of ways, I am even more excited about the additional information that it will give our restaurant operators as they manage the efficiency around their delivery operations.
Ritch Allison: So, we are going to stay consistently, Chris, focused on value without question. As we have talked about in the past, we very regularly use our research and our analytical tools to make sure that we fully understand what the right value offering in the marketplace is to drive transaction growth over the long-term. We will continue to do that and the answer continues to come back that the platforms that we have out there and now the $5.99 and the $7.99 are still very strong and competitive value platforms in the marketplace. As it relates to menu, we don’t like a lot of other restaurant brands roll out LTOs on a regular basis. We just -- we don’t like the economics and the operational complexity of doing that. That said, we do recognize that we are in the food business and menu innovation is important over the long-term. So we are constantly looking at new menu items and platforms that we might bring forward to our customers. We are testing those on an ongoing basis. In fact I was personally in the test kitchen just about a week and half ago looking at the number of different items. And so as we develop and test and prove out those items with customers then we’ll launch them as the opportunities arise. For a product to come onto our menu, it’s got to drive incremental, not only incremental transactions, but also we are very mindful of the profitability of those items to our franchisees P&L. So we will not launch items just to drive short-term comp, we want to make sure that any new items are contributors over the long-term to our franchisees profitability.
Ritch Allison: So I think the pricing power in the category is in the hands of the customer. There are very few QSRs that have pricing power and I don’t see a lot of that in the pizza category. A big part of our success over the last decade has been the fact that you can still get a Domino’s pizza for the same price you were paying nine years or 10 years ago and we don’t see any near-term signs of that changing.  It’s really kind of early to tell around what impact these third-party aggregators are having on kind of setting pricing in the marketplace. There has been so much discounting that even though some of the stated fees for food delivery are quite high relative to the underlying cost of the product you probably get the same push notifications I get all of the time and e mails from these aggregators with significant discounting to try to entice you to order. So we are keeping an eye not only on our traditional competitors as we always have with respect to their pricing practices but we are also keeping an eye on these new set of competitors, these third-party aggregators and we will see over time, but our experience has certainly shown that remaining focused on value is the way to drive long-term transaction growth in the business.
Ritch Allison: Got it. So, David, it’s still a bit early to tell how sustainable the trial driving activities are. There still remains a heavy degree of discounting in the marketplace by the third-party aggregators and also heavy degree of advertising spend as well. That group of aggregators has taken a fairly significant share of voice out there in terms of the advertising landscape around food delivery.  So we expect that behavior to continue for some period of time. I think these players while the economics of the business are still I think open to question for the long-term. The near-term activity certainly indicates that investors are very willing to lose a lot of money in the near-term to try to drive trial and market share in those businesses. So we remain attentive and watchful of everything that’s going out and certainly analyzing our own data to better understand what our customer’s behavior is over time. But don’t see any signs that activity is going to slow down in the short-term. When I take a look at our business, our three-year to five-year outlook, 3% to 6% same-store sales, no changes to the outlook for us, I still see significant opportunities in our business to continue to drive solid transaction growth. We have got -- we continue to produce terrific advertising industry-leading advertising that drives awareness of the brand. That advertising is fueled by without question the largest and most powerful advertising budget in the pizza industry. We continue to develop fantastic technologies to put into the hands of our customers and into our stores to better drive operations and we are pushing, I think very importantly, very hard on service within our system, because a critical element, as we look forward into this new world where you can get anything delivered, well, we not only have to be the most economical and lowest cost delivery provider, but we have also got to be the best, getting to the door on time every time. And so, we have got a pretty aggressive push internally to take service to the next level and we have got fabulous operators within the U.S. and around the world that are really setting new standards for how great we can be in terms of our on time delivery performance and the fortressing strategy is really helping us to drive that over the long-term, as well as we tighten down these delivery areas continuing to allow us to get great service, but also improve the underlying economics of each of those deliveries.
Ritch Allison: Sure, Matt. So, on your first question, the increase in ticket in the second quarter, it was a combination both of some of the delivery charges going up and also some menu price increases that some franchises have taken during the quarter. On the delivery charges, a lot of that is -- those are more pronounced and as of the menu price increases, they are more pronounced in areas where we have seen a significant increases in wages, primarily driven by minimum wage increases, which continue to go up in states and in municipalities across the country. The second -- your second question around, our tone around the third-party aggregators. We still have the same questions that we have always had about the economic viability of the model. Certainly, there is still a heavy amount of investor subsidy that is going into the discounting to the customer and to the -- and into the incremental advertising spend. We also still have significant questions about the viability of that business model from the standpoint of the restaurants or the franchisees that are using third-party delivery. If you take a look at the growth rates and transactions in the restaurant industry and even in sales overall, there has not been a significant change in the growth rate of the restaurant industry with the entry of these delivery aggregators. So there is certainly some shift in how customers are receiving their food, more are getting delivery as opposed to going into the restaurants or picking it up themselves. But there is no real indication that there is an overall growth in demand. We also still continue to hold the belief that ultimately this is extracting profitability out of the restaurant industry for those players that are going on to these third-party platforms. Now for the brands that are going on, you can take a look at the topline sales growth, which will contribute royalties to brands. But I think the ultimate question about the viability will lay with the franchises of those brands and are they in fact making more or less money because they have gone on Board with these platforms. So we still hold a lot of the same questions around the overall business model. When I talk about the fact that we don’t expect the pressure from these third-party aggregators to subside in the near-term that is really driven by the fact that we haven’t seen any slowdown in the pace of discounting or in the pace of their investment in marketing and advertising. And when you think about it, while the behavior at first watch may seem irrational, it is actually quite the rational behavior on their part. These -- there are going to be some survivors in this business and some of these aggregators will not be around in the future, would be my hypothesis and I suspect that the desire to spend to drive share is irrational behavior in the near-term to try to be as each of these players tries to become one of those that will ultimately emerge 
Ritch Allison: Niall, it’s Ritch. Yeah. We are very pleased with unit growth in our international business. The 158 net units was a really nice increase over the second quarter last year and trailing four-quarter net store growth in the international business at 939 we are very pleased with that. When we take a look across, we had strong unit growth across all of our regions around the world and in particular really pleased to see terrific unit growth in our BRIC markets, which have continued to accelerate back in January. At Investor Day, we spoke with you some about the potential that we see in the business in the BRIC markets. We had strong growth there. But then we also saw some very strong growth in some of our more mature and established markets as well. As a number of those markets are also implementing some similar fortressing strategies that we have been working on in the U.S. business as well. So, all in all, I am very pleased. When I take a look at what drives that growth, it’s the same thing that has driven our growth in the U.S. and has driven what is remarkably low number of store closures both in the international business and in the U.S. business and that is that we have terrific unit economics. The four-wall economics in these Domino’s Pizza boxes in the U.S. and around the world remains incredibly strong. So, I am really pleased with the unit growth and the very healthy contribution that gave us to our global retail sales growth, which ex-FX was 8.4% for the quarter, 9.8% in the international business. So very pleased with that 9.8%.
Ritch Allison: Thanks John. I will take that one. Absolutely, there is a lot of competition for delivery drivers out there in the marketplace. Record low levels of unemployment in the U.S. and the rise of third-party delivery not only in the restaurant business but in grocery and other areas is definitively heated up the competition for drivers. And we are working with our franchisees everyday to continue to improve our service. And having the right scheduling and staffing is critically important. So we don’t talk a lot about the technologies that we are working on that aren’t customer facing, those technologies in the stores. But we have been working really hard on our store scheduling algorithms, for example, and have started to see some really nice success in our corporate store business around better service, because simply with the labor that we have available we are making sure that they are on the clock at the right times and the right days, and our franchisees are also working very hard in this area as well. There are a couple of other things that we are working on to try to help us mitigate some of the driver challenge. The U.S. market is actually fairly unique in the context of Domino’s globally and that we send the almost all of the pizzas they go out in the U.S. market go out in the passenger automobile. That’s not how we do business most of the other places around in the world. So we take -- we are looking at other alternative delivery methods in the U.S. as well and in a number of cities, we are not delivering on bicycles and then also we have got some E-bikes that we have deployed in some markets, including some of our corporate stores. Now the interesting thing about those is not only is the lower cost way to deliver food, but also it opens up some additional workforce to us, because not everyone has an automobile and increasingly young people and that kind of 18-year to 28-year-old range fewer of them seem to have cars. So we are looking at those types of methods as well. The testing that we are going to do in October with Nuro, another round of autonomous delivery testing as yet another step forward to try to get us to a place where we can reduce the dependency on the labor market and also lower our cost to delivery. When you -- the second part of your question asked about the third parties and their separating delivery fees from service fees, et cetera. We are taking a look like the fees that they charge in the marketplace just as we regularly take a look at the delivery fees that our pizza competitors charge. We take all of that data and use that to inform where we think our delivery fees should be on a market-by-market basis around the country. So we are constantly keeping an eye on that and adjusting the dials with the mindset that we want to make sure that we are not just taking short-term price or profit at the expense of long-term transaction growth over time, that’s always the balance that we try to strike.
Ritch Allison: There is -- Sarah, thanks for the question. There is no real -- there is no one answer around the short-term challenges we have had over the last three quarters or so with respect to the international comps. The issues are different market-by-market. What we have been trying to do and it just takes times to get there is working hand-in-hand with our markets to help make sure that we are driving good fact-based decision making around things like products and pricing, et cetera, a lot of those efforts do take some time to ultimately flow through the results in the business. We gathered all of our international master franchisees just last month, where we brought a significant portion of our leadership team and our subject matter experts from Ann Arbor to meet with our master franchisees from around the world over an Amsterdam and had a terrific week of best practice sharing where we are taking tools from the U.S. and our other leading markets to make sure that we are using the best of Domino’s IP around the globe as we think about how we grow the business. Now, with all of that said, the comps which have come in below the 3 to 6 range for the last three quarters, yes, we absolutely need to improve those. The retail sales growth overall has still been quite healthy and at 9.8% in the quarter we continue to gain significant market share around the globe in the pizza category and the unit growth strength that you saw during the quarter, 171 international openings against 13 closures, once again demonstrates the strength of the four-wall economics in the international business. So while we have had some challenges with the comp over the previous three quarters, I do want to reiterate that I still have an incredible amount of confidence in our master franchise business partners, our four-wall economics, our strong, we have got leading market share positions in the majority of the big and attractive pizza markets around the world. And so we will work through the challenges that we have had together with our master franchisees, but the health of that business is still incredibly strong.
Ritch Allison: Yeah. Thanks, Jon. Yes. So I will start my answer to your question, just to kind of once again reinforce the purpose of that program, Points for Pies, when we established it back in late 2015 we went through a lot of different iterations as to how we might build that program. And if you look at loyalty programs across brands, some are designed to drive spend, some are designed to drive transactions and engagement. Ours is absolutely designed to drive transaction growth over time. It is why it’s very simple that if you order from us basically 6 times you are going to get a free pizza. So, taking that then to Points for Pies, we entered the year with an active member base and loyalty program of over 20 million active users. We know that those members order more often than the average customer. So the goal of Points for Pies really do a couple of things. Number one, once again raise awareness of that program, if they do it in a kind of, oh, yes, we did kind of manner, because nobody gives points for buying things from a competitor, right, only Domino’s would do that. So it was a great message out there in the marketplace, great advertising that raised awareness. Then gave us an opportunity to engage and get more customers to come in and download our app, which we know once we give that app on the customer’s phone that real estate is incredibly valuable going forward. Then the enrolment in the program, getting folks in the program for the first time and then ultimately orders coming after that and we have seen nice movement across all of those metrics, across awareness, across downloads, across enrolments and then across customers ultimately ordering ones and then twice and going forward. And a loyalty program like ours is something that you do have to feed over time. So there is a need to periodically have news in the marketplace and something interesting to kind of refuel those enrolments over time.
Ritch Allison: Thanks Dennis. Yes. The carryout business is still a critical component of our strategy over time and as we have talked about it we effectively operate two businesses inside the same box. We have got a delivery business and a carryout business, and as we look at them, we designed pricing, promotion, advertising for each of those individual businesses. We have seen healthy growth in our carryout business. Fortressing does play an important part of that, when we open new units the vast majority of that carryout business is incremental and its business that we weren’t getting before. So when I think about how we drive carryout going forward that will continue to be a component of it, but also you will continue to see, you know our carryout advertising on TV. We are going to continue to support that platform on an evergreen basis. And we do look at it as a piece of the business that is more insulated relative to some of the new competition in the marketplace. So, no slowdown in focus or let up on the carryout business going forward.
Ritch Allison: On the global unit growth, Jeff, we don’t give full year outlook or guidance but our 6% to 8% unit growth outlook over the three-year to five-year timeframe, we still feel very positive there. And we -- based on a couple of different things, first and foremost, it comes back to the underlying unit level economics and at $141,000 per unit in EBITDA in 2018, you combine that with the low cost of getting a Domino’s Pizza store opened, the incentives that we have in place for franchisees, this is a really attractive investment for our franchisees in the U.S. And so we -- therefore we have seen really nice performance over the last couple of years in growth and lot of optimism as we look forward about franchisees continuing to want to invest in the business. And really the same dynamics hold true on the international front, while things may ebb and flow across individual markets, when we look at our portfolio of over 85 countries around the world, very healthy unit economics. And as I said last month, I was with our international master franchisees the vast majority of them and I can tell you that the optimism around the brand remains incredibly strong.
Ritch Allison: Hey, Pete. It’s Ritch. We still got strong commitment in the system to the $5.99 price point and I would not read a single flat quarter on traffic as any more than it is which is a quarter. If you take a look at our performance over any period of time since we launched that $5.99 platform we have driven significant and sustained transaction growth in the business and there is no slowdown on our part relative to the commitment to continuing to drive transactions. Our franchisees understand that that is a long-term healthy way to grow their businesses and to grow their profitability. We have looked at time and time again and proven that sales and profits over the long-term are co related with transaction growth so the commitment remains.
Ritch Allison: Yeah. Sure. Jeremy a good question. I will try to talk a little bit about kind of what we see to-date but then there is also some uncertainty around how it unfolds going forward. So let me try and describe. I think there is a cycle around the third-party penetration where I think at least from what we see in places where these third parties have been in the market for an extended period of time it does tend the level off a bit. I think your point is a valid one that the 100 coupon you get is probably less effective than the second. So there is certainly some of that dynamic that we observe and we track across the many DMAs that we operate in in the U.S. But we still don’t know yet though is what the ultimate demand will be once the customer has to pay a price for the service that exceeds the cost of providing the service and that is still an unknown, as long as this discounting continues in a fairly heavy way where we are continuing to watch and learn, but I suspect it will be a little while before we know what the true customer demand will be. And then, secondly, I don’t think we yet know what supply is going to ultimately be in the marketplace as well, because there has certainly been a big rush of brands large and small to sign on with these third-party aggregators. But ultimately there -- the brands are going to have to see and their franchisees are going to have to see that there is some incrementality or profitability from using those services. And I think there are a lot of questions out there among restaurant operators as to how truly incremental this is or are they just trading a higher margin transaction for a lower margin transaction.  So there are questions still in my mind around both the demand and the supply, and until we see how some of this shakes out the true equilibrium around how much business there actually is to be had through those third-party apps I think it’s still uncertain.
Ritch Allison: Yeah. Stephen, it is Ritch here, we are still -- we are working hard on our next-generation point-of-sale system and our -- with the goal of having a test or up and running by the end of the year. And then will see -- the rollout will take -- we have got more than 13,000 stores on our common point-of-sale system today, but the rollout is going to take some time. So I don’t have an update for you yet on that, but that’s something that periodically as the project unfolds will be sure to brief you all on.
Ritch Allison: Listen, thanks to everybody. We certainly look forward to discussing our third quarter 2019 results with you on Tuesday, October 8th.
