Richard Allison: Yes. Brian, the program continues to gain active membership. We'll update you on those membership numbers again in January, as we did last January, but our program just continues to resonate with our customers and we continue to see nice, solid tailwind from it.
Richard Allison: Sure. Karen, we've got that automated phone ordering. We've done phone ordering in about 20 of our corporate stores that we're testing, and we are continuing to learn at a very rapid rate. I don't have any update for you right now on time line for a broader rollout, but the program is moving along at or better than our initial expectations.
Richard Allison: Yes. Matt, it's Ritch. Yes, it's interesting, no real single market or region driving the near-term slowdown. We have had, over the course of the last year, we've had some leadership changes in a number of markets. And frankly, some markets just absorbing what was a record amount of growth across 2016, 2017. I mean, if you think about it, we opened more than 1,900 net new international stores during that 2-year period. So sometimes, markets just need a little time to absorb the impact it did have on the people and their organization. But as we take a look forward, our confidence is really grounded in the fact that we still have very strong unit level economics across these markets, and that is ultimately what drives store growth over time. So we feel good about that and we also have some visibility into the store pipeline through signed leases and things like that. So when we take a look at it, still very confident in the 6% to 8% global net unit growth that we have put out there as our guidance for the 3- to 5-year horizon.
Richard Allison: Greg, first on share, we see an opportunity, as we've communicated in the U.S. business, we see an opportunity for an 8,000-store Domino's business potential within the next 10 years. We've had success gaining share. And while a lot of that share has come from the locals and the regionals, as we look forward, we see an opportunity to take share broadly across the industry and that confidence leads to our expectation that we've got strong unit growth potential in the market.
Richard Allison: Yes. We're not going to speak specifically to the composition of growth across delivery and carryout, but both were growing during the quarter. We emphasize delivery last quarter, just given the discussion that we had been having around aggregators. But don't expect going, forward, that we'll break that comp down across delivery and carryout.
Richard Allison: Yes. A couple of things there. One is that the strategy that we are now pushing forward in the U.S. around fortressing is actually something that a number of our international markets had been doing for some time. So there was some learnings that came out of our ability to carve out territories from existing stores and drive overall retail sales growth in the U.S. market that respond out of the efforts of some of our high-performing international master franchisees. A second area, and it relates to some of the supply chain investments that we're talking about, it has been a number of years since we opened a new supply chain center in the U.S. And as we move forward in building out with that additional capacity, we're taking a lot of the learnings that we've gained over the last decade in the international business as we built dozens of supply chain centers, employing some more advanced production techniques and technology in those centers. So we'll continue to look for opportunities to transfer learnings and best practices back and forth between our U.S. and our international businesses.
Richard Allison: So first of all, we won't -- John, we can't comment, really, much on the uptake so far on HotSpots just given that it's basically a Q3 event. We've been rolling it out over the course of the last month. But in general, just to kind of give you a sense for how we think about it, when you think about HotSpots, we think about it similarly to how we think about many of our AnyWare platforms. It really is another way for our customers to be able to access us anytime, anywhere that they want to. To your question on speed of service, the HotSpots are contained inside of the delivery areas that our franchisees have already, and those HotSpots are defined by our franchisees. So customers request them, but franchisees select those areas that we can deliver to. And quite often, their landmarks, which are easier to find than someone's residential address, in many cases, it might be at a beach or at a baseball field or at a park, areas that are well-known within the community.
Richard Allison: Yes. So John, it's a good question. And yes, when we look at our corporate store growth in the U.S., basically, all of the stores that we're opening in our corporate store business are splitting territories, so there is a bit more of downward pressure on the comp from those splits. But consistent with what we've been talking about, the strategy is really around growing retail sales within that footprint and expanding the sales for household in each of those territories. So when we take a look at those openings, we're not only looking at the sales and economics potential of the new store that we're opening, but also looking broadly across the market and trying to drive sales and profitability at that level.
Richard Allison: Sure. David, we continue to work with our international master franchisees to leverage our investment in global technology platforms, and that really is continuing on a couple of fronts. You've mentioned the e-commerce side, but really the first wave on that is really with our point-of-sale system, the PULSE system, which is now in more than 12,000 of our stores globally, and we have several additional international markets that are rolling that platform out this year because that really is the foundation upon which we layer the e-commerce platforms. And then with respect to those e-commerce platforms, we continue to roll that out into new markets and also continue to have conversations with additional master franchisees about how we can take some of those core building blocks within that e-commerce platform and help to leverage the scale and investment that we're putting in so no new markets to report specifically on that, but just know that the conversations are ongoing and we continue, over time, to bring more and more of the international markets into the fold.
Richard Allison: Peter, I'll give you just a little bit more color as well in addition to what Jeff just said. If you look back over the last 5 years, the volume that is running through our existing supply chain center network in the U.S. is up more than 50%. So the team there has done a great job of absorbing what is a phenomenal increase in demand within the existing footprint, but we are now at a point where you start to get inefficiencies and diseconomies of scale in some of these centers when you get capacity up past a certain point. So we're both trying to absorb some of the demand that we've already driven, create a little bit of model preparing ourselves, as Jeff said, for the future growth in our business going forward. It's also, at this point in time, with the after-tax return on our investments, it's better this year than it was last year, so it gives us another opportunity to continue to invest.
Richard Allison: We're still seeing them as two different occasions with very literal overlap across, and that's why you've seen us consistently market to both of those occasions. So we will -- 52 weeks of the year, you see our ads running on TV and we are running certain messages that are targeted directly to the delivery segment and certain messages that are targeted directly to the carryout segment. And as we mentioned back in January, that key insight is one of the things that has given us the confidence around our fortressing strategy as the new stores that we open allow us to access a carryout customer that we weren't able to access before because a carryout customer will not drive as far to pick up a pizza as we will drive to deliver them one.
Richard Allison: Yes. We continue to increase the number of those units that are opening. Our splits across the geographies in the U.S. side, Jeff, you may correct me here, but I believe on a trailing basis we were just shy of -- over the last 2 years, it was just shy of 300 of our units opened in the U.S. were split territories. So sometimes, that's taking one store's territory and carving it in half, and sometimes it's taking some territory from several stores to create a new trading area for a new store that's opening up. So we look at this on a market-by-market basis across the geographies and we run our models to understand what the incremental sales gain can be from that new store and what the impact on the existing stores will be.
Richard Allison: Yes. Jeff, as we look forward, that 3% to 6% range I think is the range that you should be thinking about. We've had a significant acceleration in the unit growth in that international business if you look back over the course of the last 7 years. And just as we spoke about in the U.S. business, many of those store openings that we've had, in particular in the mature market, have been stores that have been splits or carved outs from the existing store territories. That puts a little bit of downward pressure on the overall -- on the same-store sales comp, but again we do that because the objective is driving retail sales growth. And so when we take a look at retail sales growth, second quarter, we were still -- even excluding the impact of foreign currency, 10.6% retail sales growth in the international business, which is in the upper end of our long-term range. So I think that's how you should think about it. It is a mix of businesses out there, some wide open territory in some countries where we're still relatively underpenetrated, but then the balance of the growth coming from the more mature markets where more of the store openings will be carve outs.
Richard Allison: Yes. Jeff, we don't have any near-term plans to make change in strategy for that business. We feel good about the way it is structured today. The master franchise business model is a model that we still believe is the right way to grow the Domino's Pizza business.
Richard Allison: So World Cup, for us, was a Q3 event, so we won't comment any on sales impact from that on this call.
Richard Allison: Yes. Still too early, really, for any of those quantitative measures. And as we spoke about, it's predominantly a Q3 event. But having 200,000 of these set up already, I think speaks to the consumer interest that we've seen and also the fact that our franchisees have really embraced it. So we're excited about it as we think about it fitting into, as I mentioned earlier, these AnyWare platforms. And the overall message that we're really trying to bring forward is that we want to be -- for our customers, we want to be there pizza provider anytime, anywhere they want to access us.
Richard Allison: We're really focused on these HotSpots inside the existing delivery areas, and I'll describe why. When you start to venture outside of the existing delivery area, it can sometimes sound enticing because it may -- you may think it's an incremental order, but the cost of getting that pizza further away from the store is a challenge. And in fact, we're moving actually in the opposite direction of tightening our delivery territories over time. And we talk about fortressing, it is about really shrinking those delivery areas so that we, a, access the carryout business in those new locations that we've talked about. But also by having those delivery areas tighter, it allows us to get food to customers more quickly which brings them back more often and it reduces the delivery cost associated with each of those orders, making those delivery orders more profitable.
Richard Allison: Yes. There's not really anything structural, John, that we're concerned about when we -- while it upticked a bit from what we've seen historically in an individual quarter, when we take a look at on a trailing 12-month run rate or if we look at how we think about it going forward, we don't see any major structural issues. Over time, market close, close some locations, as trading areas change and open up elsewhere, but nothing unique to any specific market or any specific trend that I would highlight.
Richard Allison: John, we certainly have -- with the growth of our business, we've got open positions across the U.S. and in many markets around the world, but not at a level that has been constrained our growth or that has caused any major service deficiencies. The -- with unemployment at the level that it is in the U.S. and some of the international markets, it is a very competitive market for labor, just as it is a competitive market at the customer level as well.
Richard Allison: So we've stayed very consistently focused on value over time. I mean our -- we're now in our 9th year at $5.99. We've stayed on that. And I think in the minds of many customers, when they think about $5.99 that's associated directly with Domino's. So we're continuing to stay focused on that from -- on the delivery side of the business. And then we've also got a very competitive value offering out there on the carryout side as well, which has been consistently for a while now that's $7.99 large, 3 tops. So we're aggressively going after share in both of those businesses. And back to what we were talking about around fortressing, as we think about it, fortressing is really important for both of those. The carryout business is largely incremental when we opened these new stores. And in order to stay competitive at $5.99 on delivery over time, we've got to continue to be more and more efficient. And by fortressing and tightening down these delivery territories, it allows us to operate a very efficient and cost-effective business model, even while bringing great value to our customers.
Richard Allison: For the store level food basket, we were actually up in the quarter. For our franchise and our corporate-owned stores, food is down a little bit. And supply chain, as a result of procurement savings just benefiting from the scale that we have, certainly, as a #1 player, that's getting better, not worse. But we've given guidance this year of the 2% to the 4% for the basket going up and we're not changing that.
Richard Allison: Sara, I won't comment on what other competitors are doing in the marketplace. Just simply, we're going to maintain our focus on value for our customers and on -- and our focus on making sure that we're delivering great unit level economics for our franchisees. And the share will fall where it falls over time. If we do a great job on those things that we can control, then I think we'll continue to be able to take share from across the industry.
Richard Allison: Yes. Sara, when we think about it, really, the core of our product offering is that fresh dough that we produce ourselves with our proprietary formula and that we distribute out to our stores. And there are, certainly, capital implications to doing that. We are going to have to invest to continue to expand that network, but we feel so strongly about the quality of our product and in controlling the quality of that product that we're going to produce that dough ourselves. And I'll also tell you that I think one of the key elements of the value proposition to our franchisees is the very high level of service that they get from an integrated supply chain where we bring that fresh dough and the other products and materials that they need to their stores increasingly 3 times a week for most of them. So it's a great service for our franchisees in addition to being a key part of the customer value proposition. And then, of course, finally, the great thing about it is it does deliver a significant level of profitability to the business.
Richard Allison: John, it can ebb and flow some over time. In the first half of last year, it was more driven by ticket than it was orders. This year driven, we're very happy to say exclusively, by order count growth. Over time, what we look for in the business, and this is no different in our U.S. business, we look to drive the majority of our same-store sales gains over time through order count growth. That is the only sustained way to grow the business, over time, is through transaction growth. There are times when brands will grow their same-store sales through pricing increases and that can sometimes work in the short term, but rarely works over the long term in terms of being able to sustain the growth in the business. When you look back at 98 consecutive quarters of positive same-store sales gains, we would not have been able to do that in the international business without driving significant order count or transaction growth over time.
Richard Allison: No. We still feel very good about where we are on cash-on-cash returns at the store level in our international markets. Again, things will ebb and flow over time in individual markets, but we've been pretty strong and steady there when you take a look at it across the board.
Richard Allison: Steve, we don't really have anything to add there beyond what we've talked about in the past. We've got -- we haven't seen any significant new players come into that market. We haven't seen any significant new evidence that leads us to believe that the economics of that business have changed.
Richard Allison: Well, thanks, everyone. We look forward to discussing our third quarter 2018 results with you on Tuesday, October 16.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Yes. I mean, first thing is we had some FX settlements. Even though we were benefited on the top line during the quarter in royalty revenues from FX as it started to turn and people were paying their bills, that pressures us a bit on the G&A line for the international division. The other one, quite simply, is that we continue to invest in the capabilities of the team members that are in the field right now, partnering with our master franchisees to grow the brand. So again, other than that, you normally get some variability, a little higher, a little lower, but those are the 2 things that I'd point to for this quarter.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Yes. So corporate store labor for the quarter was actually up 0.5 point to 30% of sales, and primarily that's labor rates. Now partly a function of some minimum wage increases we've had in the business this year and partly because the economy is humming and some of our stores we're paying a little bit more to attract, retain great team members, we are doing a better job with efficiency with the labor hours that we have in the store and we're getting some leverage because ticket and sales continue to go up, but it was not enough to overcome the labor rate increase. And that's why you see that 50 basis point increase in corporate store labor this quarter over last year's quarter.
Jeffrey Lawrence: So it was -- for corporate stores, it was up mostly because food -- it was up mostly because of the basket, so what the supply chain centers are charging the stores for that. And there's lots of puts and takes kind of cats and dogs with commodities up, down, sideways. But net, it was up and -- not a ton, but up a little bit with the basket being up in the 4% handle quarter-over-quarter.
Jeffrey Lawrence: And then on the -- this is Jeff. On the CapEx question, again, we're going to update '19 in January. We're going to anchor to that. But what I can tell you is that the second and the third center that we're going to build after New Jersey, the first center cost will be materially less than the New Jersey build. And again, we'll give you specific numbers around that when we give you our '19 guidance. In '18 we're just getting them going, but we'll give you more details on that in January so you'll have good reason to show up at our Investor Day.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Yes. David, this is Jeff. I think it's a couple of things. The comp flow-through in the technology revenues that we get track the way we would normally expect it, but there were a couple of things that might be mucking up your model a little bit. One is a reclassification of some technology fees out of domestic into international. That might be doing it. And the other thing that we disclosed in the quarterly report we filed this morning is a reclassification out of franchise revenues into the advertising fund revenue line item. So those two things taken together, my guess is, will make up most of your difference there.
Jeffrey Lawrence: It was related to this quarter. But when you compare it to last year at this time, you'll get a little bit of wonkiness there.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Yes. I mean the first thing is our U.S. operators in the field and our marketing and technology teams just continue to put up amazing growth. And when we look at what capacity we need to keep up with that growth, but also to hopefully continue the acceleration and unit count growth in the U.S. business. These are centers we knew we were going to have to build, probably over time. But as we did almost 12% -- 11%, 12% retail sales growth again in the second quarter for the U.S. business and most of that again is volume and traffic-driven, it simply accelerates what we knew what we had to do already. Again, we're just going to get these things going. They have a long lead time, 18 to 24 months is what I said in the prepared remarks. But we view this as a front footed, a smart investment, kind of a good CapEx problem and we're going to get great, fresh, high-quality dough out to our stores that we have today, but also make sure we can get the capacity for the stores we're going to open up over the next 1 to 5 years. That's really important to us. We're excited to make these investments and more importantly, our franchisees are excited that we're making these investments.
Jeffrey Lawrence: It was in Q3 last year, we did it. So now you're looking at a Q2 versus Q2 last year. So you're getting a little bit of that, again, kind of wonkiness there. So when we get into -- all the way to Q1 -- Q4 and Q1, they'll start to normalize a little bit. But until then, it will definitely mess with your percentages of retail sales there.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Yes. Again, I'm not sure, obviously, all the puts and takes in what you're modeling there. But the biggest thing I can tell you is the contractual royalty rate haven't change, the incentive programs has been pretty steady and the technology flow-through has also been what we would expect. So everything else is basically accounting and reclassifications as we think about it because, really, nothing else fundamentally is changing the economics of the business.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Yes. Great question, Matt. We haven't and we're not, today, giving any guidance specifically around margins in any of the businesses including the supply chain. But what I can tell you is, as you can see with the New Jersey Center that we're opening, capacity and catching up on capacity, it cost a lot of money, right? And the second and third centers, although, they'll materially less than CapEx than the New Jersey Center, are also pretty big dollars. And what we're looking to do, without giving guidance on it, is just take advantage of these new centers, some of the new technologies, capture some of the transportation centers by being closer to the customers in these 2 or 3 new spots. And then, obviously, try to, the best we can, overcome the cost of actually building the center. So the thought I'd give you of the way I think about this long term is we're running at about an 11 percentage-or-so operating margin. I think it was 10.7% this particular quarter -- yes, 10.7% is particular quarter. I don't think it's going to 15%. I don't think it's going down to 7%. So I think it will generally be within some kind of a range that makes sense for the industry. And listen, at the end of the day, we don't have a choice. We got to build this capacity and get that fresh dough to support the stores we have and the ones we're going to grow in the future.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Yes. I mean, listen, one of the nice things about the -- having great franchise relationships is we also have a structure where we share in all of the investment, in all the profitability of the supply chain centers in the U.S. and Canada. So it is a true partnership that we both benefit from greatly. When I think about franchisee profitability in the U.S., 2017 was an all-time high and it's at a level that's supporting the growth of these units. What I would tell you is, whether it's food, labor, insurance, rent, anything around this capacity, it really doesn't matter what it is, we need to grow our way out of any kind of potential P&L headwinds. We've been able to do it very successfully, obviously, for an extended period of time. And as Ritch mentioned in his opening remarks, we will not lose focus on making sure that our franchisees grow right along with us. It is the secret sauce of what we've been able to accomplish, and our franchisees know that. And we're going to grow together, so big opportunity for us. We're -- as we mentioned, we're a small number one player in the U.S. pizza industry, we've got a lot more opportunity out there and we're going to do that together with these guys.
