J. Patrick Doyle: The answer is, it's possible that it's slightly helped, but -- kind of the inverse of what we said last year about the first quarter which was working against us and it's just -- the model says, it's just not enough to be material to the overall results. So, no, don't think weather was a factor.
J. Patrick Doyle: The answer is as it's always been. I mean, we're always going to look at what we think is going to -- can produce the best returns for our shareholders. And so we're always looking at every possible way of doing that. And so that's going to be driven by our analysis.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think the answer, Brian, is probably somewhere in the middle of what you just laid out. I mean, there is still enormous learning that's taking place. We actually have the CMOs and the CIOs of our largest international markets downstairs. I was just meeting with them an hour ago. And a lot of the discussion, all of the discussion, is really around learning from around the world then -- and best practices. And I think there's still enormous learning and enormous leverage that's -- that we're going to get out of the digital platform. We're obviously -- we're doing great things with it. We continue to believe that it is a big reason why you're seeing share gains for the larger players versus the regionals and the independents. But there is clearly a lot to come on that front. I mean, our calendar going out a few years is pretty full with innovation that we think is going to continue to drive impact with customers.
J. Patrick Doyle: I -- yes, I think it's -- I'm trying to find the numbers here, but, yes, it's clearly still growing double digits. And if you look back 4 or 5 years, the answer has been, kind of mix has been growing at about 5% a year; the overall mix of sales. We tend to see that ramp more in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter every year than during the spring and summer and early fall. It's kind of an interesting pattern that's -- not sure we entirely understand yet kind of what drives that. But yes, we're continuing to see the gains, the trajectory on growth continues to be kind of in that same range. And -- so I don't have the exact year-over-year number on it -- on growth, but it's staying at pretty much that same pace.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, we really think it can. I mean, we're investing very heavily in both people and capital, in technology. There are solutions for regionals and independent players out there, but they simply don't give the same experience to customers that they can get through our platform or frankly, through the platforms of Pizza Hut or Papa John's. And so, I've described it before, but while we believe -- and if you look at Google Play and iTunes and how things are rated, we do incredibly well versus our largest competitors, we think the bigger gap in technology is between the 3 of us and the regionals and independents. That continues to be true. And I think it's going to be something that's very difficult for them to overcome. There are -- they do have platform -- third-party platforms that they can access. But it's just not the same experience as you can get from us. So yes, we do think it's a serious competitive advantage. It's something that we're going to continue to invest in, to try to maintain and grow. I'm sure that some of them are going to do better things into the future, but I think it's tough for them to catch up with us.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, I think so. I mean, there are going to be some weeks that are going to bounce around a little bit, but overall, the quarter had a good lift on GRPs versus last year.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, we sure did. We sure did. It is performing very, very well for us. And first quarter was a good test for us. What's -- you learn a lot on the strength of the product once you go off air. We were off air for the entire quarter. And now we're back on air with pan. But it performed very, very well for us through the first quarter. So couldn't be more pleased with that product.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I was talking about domestic. North of 35% of sales domestically and -- but it's a very comparable number in international as well with broad spreads market-to-market. There are markets that are over 50%. And there are still markets that are relatively early in their development and there are some that are still not offering online ordering. So -- those are relatively small. But yes, overall the average outside of the U.S. is about the same as the number inside the U.S.
J. Patrick Doyle: We can't get into the second quarter. But for the first quarter, yes, that was absolutely still the dynamic. It has really been about increased frequency, increased retention. And mostly, the dynamic has been customers of Domino's who have gone elsewhere when they wanted to buy pan pizza are now staying with us for those occasions. So it does bring in new customers, but it has not been bringing in new customers particularly out of line with what we typically see when we're on air with promotions. And so most of the growth has been in orders in fourth quarter and in this -- and in the first quarter have really been through higher frequency from existing Domino's customers.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, I don't know if I want to give our competition too much information on this front. But I guess what I would say is that first quarter was probably going to be a bigger increase overall than you'll see the balance of the year. But I'm not going to go into more than that, just for competitive reasons.
J. Patrick Doyle: We actually already do some national account business, which has been kind of an interesting little growth area. It's still relatively little. But the ability to deliver for a company function to the 50 or 60 or 70 locations for some event is something that we're pretty uniquely suited to do. And so I think the answer is, we've looked hard at catering. I don't know that people think about Domino's the way you often think about kind of catering. But we do think that there are things we are going to be able to do to make large orders easier for customers into the future, and digital clearly helps that. So more to come on that. I don't know that catering exactly the way that we all kind of think about catering will be a big area. But I think there are definitely things we can do to make larger orders easier for customers.
J. Patrick Doyle: No, I'm not going to go into kind of breaking apart the quarter. Clearly, we have had strong order account growth. We're very aware of what's been going on in the rest of the restaurant industry, and particularly January, I think in a lot of the category looked a little bit slower. Clearly, our results were well above what most in the category were seeing. So it's a little harder for us to kind of pull it apart because happily, we kind of overperformed versus I think a lot of the industry. I think the answer is, consumers in many ways have cleaned up their balance sheets. I think they knew what was coming to a great extent with some of the changes on taxes. And our belief was, as we were watching our numbers coming in, that the impact was maybe more muted than what people had expected. But then we also started seeing results from the rest of the industry. And it certainly looked like there was some effect from that. So it's a little hard for us to say, since our numbers appeared to have been better than a lot of the category. But overall, my take is, customers have gotten a little more conservative about their balance sheets. That means that they're able to weather things a little bit better when there are changes. And I think they knew that the changes were coming. All of that said, we're a good value and we've continued to be a good value. Our offer was consistent with what we've done in the past. But we think that certainly continued to be strong for us in the first quarter and part of why we had a strong quarter overall.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, first, I have no idea what fast casual is in pizza. I mean, if you look at fast casual, largely it's defined as better quality, better-tasting product, and we think we have that. So we think that's part of why we've had strong growth over the last few years really since we relaunched our brand. There are a lot of people out there doing interesting things in the pizza category. We continue to watch all of those things. I will tell you that none of those are at a scale that you see any real effect. Some that have gotten a lot of attention have already closed a lot of stores. And we've seen that in some markets as well. So overall, the answer is, there are a lot of independents and regionals out there overall. We know that they have been losing share to the largest players. And so are some brands that are doing better and on their way up within that? Absolutely. But the net effect is -- that is, larger players have been taking share from the smaller players.
J. Patrick Doyle: I don't think so. It was really just New Year's in this year. But that was close to a point. And the rest of the year, I don't know that we're seeing anything -- we're looking at each other here. I don't think there's anything particularly big coming from a shift.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, the answer is, we still expect some growth this year. We've been saying kind of modest growth. And we think it's going to continue to be relatively modest in the U.S. Obviously over time, we'd like that to become more meaningful. But I think we still need to prove that. And that's clearly an area that where there's upside, if we can get that going. But I think still for the near term, I'd expect relatively modest growth on the domestic side.
J. Patrick Doyle: No, it's gotten much better for larger players. So if you own 10 or more restaurants, and you're looking to borrow $1 million or more, the answer is, that market has gotten very robust. If you're a small player, particularly if you're looking to buy your first store, that market is still relatively tight. And so it's 2 very, very different markets. For our larger franchisees, the financing environment is really quite good at this point.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, we're happy with progress in China. It's still relatively small, but we're moving along there. And over the longer term, we're optimistic. And near term, given the scale of the business, as we're still ramping up, I don't think it's going to be a big driver. But longer term, we're certainly optimistic about China.
J. Patrick Doyle: We have not yet. But we will move faster on reimages and relocations with our own stores than we would ask our franchisees to. But we're still kind of working through the analysis on the new designs and how they're doing. And so, no conclusion on that yet. But -- so, I think the short answer is no. We don't have specific timeframes around that yet.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I'd just like to thank everybody for being on today's call. And look forward to updating you further on the business in July when we report our second quarter results. Thanks, everybody.
Michael T. Lawton: Brian, you're right. There is some operating leverage there. But there's also a lot of what happened with mix because the margins on different products are not the same. And you look year-on-year last year with what we were doing with Stuffed Cheesy Bread and Parm Bread Bites and the fact that volumes were actually down a little bit as opposed to up. You look at that, this year, we have pan pizza. We have a different mix going through there. So there's a combination of factors at work.
Michael T. Lawton: Yes, we certainly get some leverage off the higher operating volume. But this -- yes, I think that it is fair to say that the margin that we had this quarter is probably up on the high side of what one should be expecting.
Michael T. Lawton: The -- as I said, the main components are the fact that we've got an additional contribution to our marketing fund as a result of our redoing the way we handle gift cards. That was about $1.8 million. And in future quarters, that will not probably have a comparable number. Anything we do with gift cards going forward will be much smaller. We did have an increase in noncash comp versus last year. We will continue to see that throughout the balance of the year. We also had some higher variable comp because we did have a very good quarter. And that does have a tendency to move up and down. And then we also had significant amounts versus last year for -- we did have additional expenses for the investment we've been making in IT and international.
