Richard Allison: Hey, Brian. So I’ll take that one. We’re not going to take a stab at quantifying that impact. We’ve done that for you with our fortressing initiative. And frankly, that’s our own data that we can go in and give you a pretty tight estimate on. But most certainly in the short-term, what we saw from the aggregators was a big increase in advertising spend and push around free and discounted deliveries. And if you had the NCAA tournament on over the course of March, I’m sure you probably saw some of that as well. So we’re not surprised to see that it was driving some trial in some of the major urban and suburban markets, which I think led to slightly greater impact on our same-store sales growth than perhaps it did in previous years. As we think about our longer view and what we ultimately do about it, it’s really unchanged, frankly, if not reiterated. When we take a look across the restaurant industry, it isn’t growing any faster than it was before these aggregators entered. So at a macro level, we just don’t see a lot of incrementality. What we do see is share shifting across channels and players and frankly, a lot of profit being pulled out from some of the restaurant companies that are working with the aggregators. So it’s hard to imagine that the current approach is sustainable over the long-term, but we don’t know, we’ll have to see how that plays out. What’s clear for us is that our strategy has to remain the same, and that’s to continue to fortress the markets that we operate in. And what that helps us win on is service, helped us win with our drivers by getting them more runs per hour, and it helps us to continue to build that very important and profitable carryout business that we’ve been talking to you about for a long time.
Richard Allison: So, Matt, on the Points for Pies, certainly, the Points for Pies program helped us drive sales in the first quarter. But most importantly, it helped us to continue to reinforce and build membership in our loyalty program. As we spoke with you about back in January, we’ve got $20 million-plus active members in our loyalty program, our Piece of the Pie Rewards program, and we saw increases in the first quarter and app downloads and loyalty membership. And then also very importantly, as we see customers who become members for the first time and we start to see them order once and then again those are positive signs around the business.
Richard Allison: So, Greg, I will comment on specific markets. I – what I will tell you though is that, softness has been more pronounced in a couple regions, including Europe and our Pacific region over the course of the first quarter. Overall, in our international business, we still grew retail sales 9.1% across the segment, so I’m still really happy with that. Now when we take a look at how we think about using data and insights, we’ve talked with you all about this for years now. It’s been a big driver of our success in the U.S. There are very few decisions that we make about product, about pricing, about marketing, about digital, about loyalty, very few decisions that don’t involve a deep reliance on consumer data and insights. We’ve established inside the business now with our new global operating structure center of excellence focused in this area, and we’ve got team members that are now positioned and accountable to work with our master franchise partners to help bring some of these same best practices and learnings to their business. And our belief is that, over the medium and the long-term, we’ll be able to help our master franchisee partners just simply make better decisions about their business, just as we’ve been able to do here over the last decade in the U.S.
Richard Allison: Hey, Sara, it’s Rich. On the aggregator question, what we’ve seen in the international markets, and your point is correct. We’ve seen penetration of aggregators in those markets that has come earlier than we’ve seen it here in the U.S. What we’ve found is that, in the markets where we are doing the things that we need to do to run our business, providing fast-delivery, great consistent service to our customers and exceptional value, we found that we’ve been able to succeed and grow faster than the market even when aggregators have a very intensive presence in a particular city or country. So I continue to believe that much more of our success is going to be driven by our own actions and our own performance than it will be by the spending or the discounting or whatever the aggregators may ultimately do. The second question around the international comp and the mix of traffic and ticket. Those do tend to fluctuate over time in 2018. All of the international comp was driven by traffic. This year, in the first quarter, it’s been a mix and a bit more ticket-driven. My philosophy and our philosophy of the brand is that, over time, the only healthy way to grow your business is to grow it through traffic. Ticket is a temporary way to grow your same-store sales and may look good on a quarterly report, but doesn’t help you to sustain and grow your business over the long-term. So we are always in dialogue with our international markets about making sure that we’ve got our value proposition dialed into the customers. So that when they make their choice about where they want to buy their food, they come to us more often.
Richard Allison: Yes, Dennis, carryout business continues to grow. And, in fact, both our delivery and our carryout businesses grew in the first quarter. We continue to remain focused on carryout as a key strategic pillar in our business and fortressing is really a – it is one of the most important things that we can do to build that business, because our research tells us that customers really are willing to drive or walk or ride their bicycles very far to pick up a pizza, the maximum extent and most cities is about a mile that a customer is willing to go. So when we open these new units, the vast majority of that carryout business that we get is incremental. And back to some of the conversation that we had earlier around how we think about fighting against these new emerging competitors, these aggregators, this is a piece of the business that we can really own and terrific profits in that business, you don’t have the same complexities and costs around managing the delivery side of the business. So very much remains that commitment for us to continue to develop and grow that segment of our business.
Richard Allison: Sure, Will. The modernization of that loyalty base has really been happening for more than three years since we began, because we know that our loyalty customers order from us more frequently and significantly more frequently than the average customer. So, our team and once again driven by the data and analytical tools that we have, we’re constantly looking for ways to continue to be more relevant to those customers in our loyalty program such that we can increase the number of times that they do business with us over the course of the year. So I don’t have specific initiatives to speak with you about this morning. But I can tell you that we are constantly trying things, running AB tests, et cetera, to make sure that we’re maximizing the potential of that now 20 million-plus base of customers that have – that are active in our loyalty program.
Richard Allison: Hey, John, it’s Rich. The reason we’re getting strong growth in our international business from historic count standpoint is that, the unit economics are really strong. And so, when we take a look at what drives store growth over the long-term, it really is all about unit level economics. So even though you may – we were not at the comp level that we would like to see in Q1 at the 1.8%, we’ve still got very strong unit economics across the vast majority of our markets. So that’s where you really see the tie-in over the long-term.
Richard Allison: Hey, Peter, it’s Rich. We have been on that $5.99 platform for a long time. And from a consumer standpoint, it has been a huge driver of the growth in our business. Similarly, the $7.99 hero offer that we have around carryout has been consistent and been a big driver of our business. And one of the things that we see here in the U.S. and frankly, we also see it in our international markets around the world, consistency is really important in the minds of the consumer. They want to know on a Friday night when they want to feed their family, they want to know what it costs to buy a Domino’s Pizza. So it’s been a big driver. That’s why we start with it for so long. With all that said, we’re consistently looking at price points in our business. And if we were to find a price point that was better for our franchisees than $5.99, a price point that made more money for our franchisees than $5.99, then we would – we move to it. But it’s not a decision that we sit around and make. It’s a decision that our consumers make for us through the data and the research and the analytics that we apply against this just like we do every other decision we make in our business.
Richard Allison: Yes, John, you’re right. We do work with our master franchisees, do work with order aggregators in a dozen-and-a-half or so markets around the world. I will reiterate that we deliver our own food everywhere. There’s – it is absolutely critical in my mind that we control the quality and the safety around our product versus handing it to some random third-party and then having no visibility into what happens to that food before it gets to the customer. I will tell you that our success in using those order aggregators outside the U.S. has frankly been a mixed bag. We have some markets where I think they have done a very good job of working with some aggregators and doing that in a way that works alongside us and is consistent with their own strategies about how they grow their digital channels. But I’ll also tell you that we’ve got some international markets that frankly haven’t done a very good job of setting up the deals in the structure in terms of how they work with aggregators. And we’ve tried to – based on the learnings across all of these markets, help our franchisees make better decisions. When I take a look at our U.S. business, I don’t see any need for us to go on to these third-party platforms. We have an incredibly strong digital channel in our business. We’re far and away the digital leader in pizza. We’ve got a loyalty program with 20 million-plus active members. So it’s just not clear to me why I would want to give up our franchisees margin or give up the data in our business to some third-party, who will ultimately use it against us.
Richard Allison: Yes, Steve, it’s Rich. We don’t have any plans to do anything with our additional corporate store markets today. We remain committed to building stores in those markets and to fortressing them. We’ve got a history, if you look back over, gosh, the last couple of years or even the last decade, we’ve got a history of building corporate stores and opportunistically selling corporate stores over time. Just last year, we sold some stores down in the North Carolina market, you may recall. So back to one of the things I was saying earlier, we take a look at the portfolio across the U.S. and we assess who is the best owner and developer of those markets, as we work our way toward our 8,000 store goal by 2025. And so, we’re going to build stores, we’re going to sell stores over time. We’re going to work with our franchisees on development agreements to get to the ultimate goal.
Richard Allison: Andrew, rather than trying to find some golden nugget in the FDD, I just encourage you to do the hard work to look at the unit economics in the business. That’s what drives the store growth over time. And as we mentioned on the caller earlier and as you’ll see in our reporting for this quarter, we’ve had a really nice increase in our global pace of store growth. And you’ve seen very strong store growth in the U.S. for the first quarter very consistent. That’s what’s going to drive it. We look forward and we still feel very confident in our 6% to 8% unit growth.
Richard Allison: Jon, I can’t comment on the cost structure of a competitor and what their trade-off might be. But I can tell you that every time we look at this, we are the lower-cost delivery channel versus using some other third-party aggregator in our business. And frankly, that – we’re probably advantaged in that relative to the other players simply by the fact that we’ve got significantly more scale. And what really drives that cost per delivery is the number of deliveries per hour that we can get per driver and the distance that we ask those drivers to take the food away from our restaurants. And it comes back to what we’re trying to do on our fortressing program of really shrinking down these delivery areas and making sure that we not only improve our service, but we continue to be the lowest-cost delivery provider. And then the other element of it, which I just can’t emphasize enough is that, we really, at our company, placed a high level of importance on the quality and the safety of the product that we bring out to our customers. And I have a tough time sleeping at night if I was handing our food to an untrained random third-party driver to then carry that over to our customer, because what happens when you have a service failure or you have a product quality problem in that situation? Who’s to blame? And I really like the closed system and the control that we have that our franchisees have around making sure that the great pizzas that they’re producing every day get to the customer hot and fresh and delivered by uniformed Domino’s Pizza driver.
Richard Allison: Well, thanks, everybody, and we look forward to discussing our second quarter 2019 results on Thursday, July 18.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Hey, Alec, it’s Jeff, great question. When we look at our corporate stores as a pretty good proxy for what’s going on with the overall U.S. system, you’ll see that we did have again a quarter, where labor rates put some pressure on the percentage profit of our unit. And even though, we’re still driving very good dollar profit there, good ROI and that business has certainly been a headwind for us and our franchisees are feeling that as well. Getting back to Rich’s more important point though, continuing to go faster on the fortressing strategy, shrinking down these service areas, putting in more technological tools for our operators, both corporate and allowing our franchisees to use tools as well to manage their own independent businesses, I think, gives us a chance to continue to kind of fight through the labor rate challenges and to continue to drive good dollar profit. As Rich mentioned, we ended up at the high range – high-end of the range for unit profitability in dollars on average in the U.S. in 2018. And so you never like it when percentages are going in the wrong way, but really encouraged that we’re driving enough volume to make sure that the dollar profit continues to increase. And again, I don’t think it really changes any other strategies that we’ve communicated to you before.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Yes. So, again, I’d first point you to the fact that, we feel confident in our 3% to 6% comp guidance in the U.S. over the next three to five years and ultimately in that 8% to 12% of retail sales growth. We do think, it’ll be a mix of both comps and unit growth that gets us there. But while we don’t give specific unit economic guidance, what I can tell you is, we put franchise economics at the center plate of everything we do. We know that we are a football field ahead of both new and old competitors in our space. And that gives them the confidence, as you saw, again in Q1 for franchisees around the world opened up 200 net new stores. So we think franchisees are excited about the opportunity. They continue to put capital behind our brand in the U.S. and abroad. And I think you saw that with the New York transaction that we announced this morning. You have franchise there in a high labor rate market, wanting to put their capital behind the brand, wanting to grow in New York City. If we can do it there, we can do it anywhere.
Jeffrey Lawrence: So, John, when we take a look at our fortressing strategy, we’re taking a look across the opportunities around the U.S. And we’re constantly thinking about where can we grow and how do we want to grow. And a big part of that is figuring out who’s the best owner and developer of those markets. And in the case of this New York sale, we happen to have six terrific franchisees who are very eager to grow their businesses. And selling these corporate stores to them gave them an opportunity to do that, both through the acquisition, but also through their forward commitment to continue to build and fortress in the New York area. And then what that allows us to do is to take the capital and energy that we would have spent continuing to build a New York and we’ve built quite a few stores in New York over the last couple of years. We’ll take that capital and energy and we’ll direct that at our remaining corporate markets, so we can continue to grow and to build the brand.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Sure, Jeff. So first, on the operating environment, it really does come down first and foremost to labor. It is, as all of you know, it is a really tight unemployment environment right now, and then we’ve all – which drives really – a really healthy wage growth across the country. And then we’ve also got the dynamic in a few states and in a few cities, in particular, where we’ve had some pretty significant increases in minimum wage. So when I talk about the tough operating environment, it really is around labor costs, but then also in terms of just the availability of labor. One of the things that I travel around and visit a lot of stores and one of the best ways to grow sales in our stores is just to put more drivers on the payroll quite frankly and serve the demand that we have. So that’s what I refer to when I talk about the operating environment. Commodities have been fairly benign. We haven’t seen as with a few exceptions, we haven’t seen a lot of significant cost pressure there. And then your second question around the March Madness. I don’t know that that’s a recurring pattern year-on-year. But really what we saw in the first quarter was very heavy spend on advertising and resulting share of voice on the part of either aggregators advertising directly to the consumer or with it being part of and coupled with another QSR brand, whether advertising delivery is a channel for that brand. And we know there’s a lot of activity in that space, as some of these players work hard to raise capital or potentially position themselves to go public. So that’s what we saw in the first quarter.
Jeffrey Lawrence: Yes, Alton, it is Jeff. We have no change to the G&A guidance that we gave you in January, which is $390 million to $395 million and no change to the CapEx guidance $110 million to $120 million. What I can tell you is, when we report more fully on the New York sale in Q2 when we speak with you all in July, will have assessed all that and if there’s a need to change that guidance, we’ll give it to you at that point. On a completely unrelated note and you didn’t ask this question, earlier in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that interest expense decreased $4.8 million, actually I should have said increased due to the higher average debt balance from our 2018 recap. So even though you didn’t ask that one, I just wanted to clean up that little faux pas there.
