Russell Weiner: Andrew, thanks for the call. Part of the reasoning for putting out 3% or more as part of our Hungry for MORE algorithm is that 3% for us is the floor, but we're going to do everything we can to beat that and deliver more every single quarter. And so I'm not going to get into forward-looking on the quarters, but what I will say that I really liked about this quarter is there are 2 things I look at. I look at results and I look at repeatability.  And the results, like you said, were strong. What I then look at is say, okay, where the components that drove those results are those repeatable. And when you think about our Hungary for MORE platform, we had product news in first quarter. We've got actually our first new product of the year in the second quarter.  We talked about operational excellence. We delivered more pizza in Q1 than we did in Q1 last year at a better delivery time. Our renowned value, we went the second half of emergency pizza in Q1. We had a carryout boost week, and you probably read, we just put out a new renowned value promotion called "You Tip, We tip." And so -- and as Sandeep said earlier about the smart pricing, we took it, that's part of what's driving the consistent order count increase across every segment and consumer of our business. And so -- while I can't get into the specifics, what I can tell you is the repeatability of the MORE formula is what we're going to be leaning into. 
Russell Weiner: Sure. Brian, the Q1 results, I think you nailed it, what makes me so proud of the team is that they were order-count driven overall. They were order-count driven on our delivery business, on our carryout business across the different segments we've got. And I think that's something special in general, let alone, given the current environment for QSR.  Rewards certainly was a big part of it and will be a tailwind for us as we continue this year and for the next few years. I mean, we saw this the first time we launched a loyalty program. It was time to reinvent it and we did. The nice thing about the reinvented program is it's driving activity with folks that maybe we didn't engage as much in the old program.  And so the carryout customer engagement is much higher than it was before. Light users are much higher than they were before. And so that gives you a little bit of sense of where that growth is coming from. And I don't expect the tailwind from loyalty to go away anytime soon. 
Russell Weiner: Thanks, Sara. I'll try to get to each piece of that unpack a little bit. I think what we talked about that we're seeing on 3P is definitely a high low value-driven business. And what we're doing is we're kind of adjusting accordingly. The important thing to remember is the best prices for consumers and our loyalty program are always going to be on our own channels. But it's interesting, though, when you look at what's going on in 3P, I think that really exacerbates the difference between what we're doing on our own channels. So there, it's price. It's this percent off, you've given this away free up and down. What we're doing out there, which is why I think it feels like -- and you said this, it feels like there are more promotions out there, is the difference between value and renowned value. I talked to the team a lot. When we think about what renowned value means, it means bringing the talk to value. So it's talk value versus value. And so the promotions may feel that we're doing out there may be feeling like there -- the activities increased, I think what has increased is just the power of them.  And like I said, a BOGO versus a buy 1 versus emergency pizza or a $3 bounce back in -- for purchase in a week versus You Tip, We Tip. They just feel more powerful because the top value is there. And I think that's a great just to position understanding how we're going to break out from both 3P and the rest of QSR with the promotions that we do. 
Russell Weiner: Maybe I'll talk big picture, and Sandeep, you can talk on the margin level. I think, David, the biggest indicator to me about both labor availability, and frankly, the improvements that we're driving operationally is the fact that we delivered more orders in Q1 than we did last year at better delivery times. And so if labor was an issue, we wouldn't be able to do that. And obviously, the flow-through to profitability front, Sandeep spoke about that a little bit. And so that, to me, should be a takeaway that is working right now. 
Russell Weiner: CX marketer may needs to follow up with that. There are 2 profitabilities that we care about at Domino's Pizza because we know if we balance those, our profit follows and certainly, the franchisee profitability is one of them. But the other is the profitability of -- for every American out there every pizza-buying citizen kind of all over the world.  And that is where I think our record of smart pricing, which has been, call it, 15 years of doing so, has proved out. I mean we had the $5.99 mix and match offer for 12 years. Profits went up, order count went up. We took smart pricing and smart pricing is based on lots of analytics around what the competition is doing, what's going on with -- in consumers' wallets.  And we took pricing, and that's pretty much the majority of at least promotional pricing we've taken already. And you're seeing how that's translated into order count growth. And the way I think about it is every year, should the analytics say we can stay with $6.99 as an example, we get more and more in value. And so when you balance consumer profitability and franchisee profitability you get Q1. 
Russell Weiner: Sure. We talked -- I think, Laura, in Q4, even maybe in Q3 a little bit about what we were -- we thought was coming in 2024, and that is coming to fruition, traffic is hard to come by, orders are hard to come by in QSR. I think you're going to see that continue throughout the year. I don't think that's going to be the case at Domino's because of what we talked about before. And the traffic doesn't just come. It becomes -- like I said before, results are important if they're repeatable and they're repeatable if there's a formula. And essentially, our pricing is stable and right. Our promotional context or promotions have come back, carryout special, we brought that back on new products. I think the key thing, though, when you're talking about why is every income cohort engaging in Domino's with positive order count is a big piece of that is the new loyalty program. I mean, we specifically designed it to tap into consumers that we hadn't done before. So reducing the purchase from $10 to $5 well, all of a sudden, this is a much more compelling program for carryout customers and just customers in general who don't want to spend a lot of money at $5, they get points.  And the other thing is the 20 and 40-point level adding those redemption levels to our loyalty program has been key in driving frequency among kind of lower income and lower frequency customers. The amazing thing to me, if you think about the old program. which was only 60 points for a medium 2-topping pizza. Our new program, the 20-point and the 40-point level actually combined are higher than the 60-point level. And so that gives you a sense of why we're breaking through in every cohort across delivery and carryout. 
Russell Weiner: Well, you both asked and answered the question. So great job. Yes. No, look, Q1 comps were in line with our expectations. We continue to see pressure in Europe and Middle East. Sandeep had talked about this last time. The Middle East represents a relatively small percentage, less than 3% of our operating income.  But what makes us continue to expect comps to return to our 3% algorithm in the back half is exactly what you were saying. We see key markets starting to bring to life the Hungry for MORE strategy. So if you look at Australia, for example, they launched a campaign that literally is called MORE in Q4 that really just romances products, and they've had delicious new products that have launched as part of that. Their business has responded accordingly.  We looked at -- Mexico, I talked about them a little bit. They just reported Q1 of 12.2%. They launched Domino's mania, which is a boost week. And so what we're starting to see is as folks follow this playbook, it's starting to work internationally. And our job and that's part of why we have this rally coming up, is to continue to share these best practices. And that's why at the back half of the year, we think we'll return to the 3-plus algorithm. 
Russell Weiner: Yes, Greg, we -- like I said, things are a little bit different on the platform than they were last year. The competition -- the promotional competition is just up. But we're still sticking to our strategy there of best pricing online at Domino's. It's just more about how we manage it. So for example, your base price could be higher if you want to discount a little bit more. I mean all of that stuff is available to us.  And so we feel good about kind of the way our team is handling that. We're promoting on the Uber channel. Uber is promoting us on the Uber channel, Sandeep talked about we're at 1.4% of sales, which is up from 0.4% in Q4. And all of that makes me really confident that we're going to get to that 3% exit rate for the year. 
Russell Weiner: Yes. Thanks, John. We do price scraping on a, I think, other weekly or biweekly basis on delivery fee. And so what's important to understand is the recommendations to our franchisees are based on the competitors that are out there, kind of the ones that have stores that are more direct competitors whose pricing is probably a little bit lower than when people buy things on the aggregators. You're right, though, on aggregator so that people may sign up for programs where delivery may be reduced cost or free. But at the end of the day, particularly our customers looking at exactly what you said. They probably don't call it total landed cost. They just call it, is it a bargain, is it a value. And as long as we're doing that, we're aligning competitively with the local competition through our pricing there and we've got best pricing on dominos.com. That's the balance that we're looking for. 
Russell Weiner: Chris, on the second one on share of voice inside versus outside the channel. I'll have to get back to you on that one. That's not something that I know off the top of my head. As far as what it is that we sell on Domino's, we have been -- I've been here a long time, and I've seen us promote just pizza on media, and I've seen us promote just our individual items like sandwiches or pasta. And really, the magic for us, the big sales becomes when -- I've used this before, this idea of Pizza Plus when you offer both. And that's really what mix-and-match is all about. And so what we don't want to do is we don't want to slow down momentum in what's really working through experiments in other area. We have looked at lunch before. We got a nice lunch business, but that business is not individual users. And so I think what this allows us to do is tap into individual users who, frankly, are willing to spend a lot more money on a per person basis than they would through us. And then once they're part of Domino's, obviously, they've got the ability to then go back and buy those items and get loyalty point for it and all that. So that's probably the better way to think about it is we're at our best when we promote our entire menu. 
Russell Weiner: Yes. Thanks. We've got visibility of the pipeline through the remainder of this year through next year, and I feel really good about hitting the 175 plus number. Stores tend to be a lagging indicator of performance and as you can expect with profits going up with order counts going up, we're becoming a more and more attractive proposition every day to our franchisees, but regardless of Q1, you should note, but before these results, the pipeline was clear on the 175 plus. 
Russell Weiner: Yes, David, I'm really glad you noticed. The team, I think, has done a fantastic job. We brought a brand-new food photographer, filmmaker on and the deliciousness on Domino's ad. I mean, it's just -- it's a different ad than it used to be. And you take that and you combine that with the talk value, the renowned value I talked about earlier. And that stuff breakthrough. I have a lot of -- people I know are saying, wow, it feels like Domino's is advertising a lot more this year than it ever did before. And the answer is not really. It's -- what's happening is what we're doing is breaking through more. And that's where you want to be. And I think when we talk about Hungry for MORE, the M and the R, the most delicious food and the renowned value were going to be the 2 things we're going to lean into.  So I appreciate you noticing that. 
Russell Weiner: Yes. Thanks. It really is about consistency. And consistency gets repeat purchase. And so the way I think of it is we -- in the U.S., we sell about 1.5 million pizzas every day. We don't want to look at it that way. We want to look at -- we sell one pizza, 1.5 million times. Every pizza that we make is a chance to delight a customer or disappoint a customer.  And so the training we had last year was a little bit more focused on circle operations technology, and you're seeing the results now in delivery times. The stuff we're doing this year, as you said, the first Sprint was on the dough, then we've got ingredients and baking. That's all about the consistency. And consistency really drives repeat purchase. So if you get that right, plus you have the loyalty program on top of that, then you have 2 things driving repeat purchase, and that's where we want to be. We think this is going to be offensive for us, an offensive move on consistency. 
Russell Weiner: Yes. I think we've returned to where we were, what our calling card was over time, which is that this is a category that is tremendous, and it's growing kind of in line with population. What we have always done is we've been, what I call it equal opportunity share stealers. And frankly, we lost that last year, 2 years, and we're back.  And so we're seeing those same dynamics and these self-help initiatives are helping drive share in delivery and carryout. I mean the carryout numbers are just tremendous. And one of the things we always talk about is the incrementality of carryout. And so when we split a store, 80% of the carryout volume is incremental. And so if carryout is growing big time that is yet another reason in addition to store profitability why franchisees are going to want to open up stores. And so I think all this stuff is a cycle that's positive for us. 
Russell Weiner: Got it. Well, first, on the loyalty program, I think it's safe to say that not only new customers, but existing customers are really engaging in the program. If you're an existing customer and you had 50 points in your loyalty bank, you woke up when we launched this new program and you were able to get 2 free items instead of 0. And so there are a lot of happy customers who are existing customers there. When you talk about consumer demand, I mean, I love -- I get this question a lot, hey guys, it seems like you're increasing your promotional cadence. We're really not -- they're just more impactful. And I think that's why folks are talking about them more. But we've had a 52-week count promotional calendar for years and years and years. And the big difference now is just they're working better. They're working better because rather than just focus on price points, we're focused on things that break cultural tensions.  I mean, the carryout tips, everywhere you go -- I'm sorry, You Tip, We Tip, everywhere you go today, whether they're giving you extra service or not, folks are asking for tips. So you get that screen up there. In fact, I think maybe after this call, I'm expecting John, you to ask me to tip you. But -- and what we're doing though is we're using that talk value to get people to talk more about Domino's because we're breaking that tension. And that's why it feels like we're at, we're doing more. But 52 weeks of promotions, what we've done  for a long time. 
Russell Weiner: Yes, that's a great point, Sandeep, which I don't like to admit when Sandeep makes a great point, but this was a good. The other pieces of the renowned value that are different than what we did before is to get this value, you have to sign up for the loyalty program, right? You can get mix and match, you don't have to be a loyalty member. But to get the carryout tips to get emergency pizza to get tipped for your delivery, you have to be part of the loyalty program. And so what these things are doing is they're working together versus working separately. And I think you just see the compounding effects of that. 
Russell Weiner: I'll ask Sandeep to talk about the near-term comps, and then I'll answer your question on transactions. 
Russell Weiner: Yes. And I think on the -- in the QSR space, Jeff, what I was talking about was really more order count. I think there's just been pricing that's been taken in the category and consumers are responding now. You're seeing it in the results and what I'm excited about for us is the pricing we've taken is really in the rearview mirror. And so we can focus on driving value, profitable value to both our customers and our franchisees. And look, I'm sure there will be others in the industry who are also doing the same, but I think we'll be a little bit of an outlier there. 
Russell Weiner: Yes. I think one of the things we talked about before was consistency of product. If there are 2 things that we've got this tremendous e-commerce business. So we know we can tell on conversion when we do things right and we do things wrong. Product consistency is really important. The other thing is pricing consistency. People don't want whiplash. They want to get what they expect and we took that in 2022 and now they're getting what they expect, and it's profitable for our franchisees, and we're seeing that in the numbers. 
Russell Weiner: Yes, sure, Meredith. I mean really, what we've seen so far is some of it's very in line with what we thought going in, which was these customers, as we said earlier, would be more single users, they'd be younger they, especially on Uber, would be incremental to us and Sandeep has talked about a few months into this, it looks like they're about 75% incremental. 
Russell Weiner: Yes. Well, the nice thing about our business is it scales really, really well. And so the -- I know you know this, but it sounds like we have to add a driver every time we add an order. And so what we're trying to do and what we have done with a lot of these back of house improvements is we've made these orders just more scalable, more leverageable. And so that's part of the process. But secondarily, as we talked about, driving for Domino's Pizza now is an attractive job. We're about to see a whole bunch of franchisees and more importantly, future franchisees at our rally. In order to become a Domino's franchisee, you need to start as a driver or a pizza maker. And so with the success of the brand, what we're seeing is people attracted to both the driver job and the opportunity at Domino's. 
Russell Weiner: Yes. That's a great question. New York is our first new product launch of the year and one the things that testing shows for us is this is a different customer. This is a customer who prefers a thinner foldable pizza that's a customer who really -- ingredient quality is important to them. And so we think bringing this into a portfolio is actually going to be attractive to folks who may be are pizza lovers, but our traditional hand cost may be a little bit too thick for them in cross type.  And so it's not -- this is -- and I should have said this in the remarks, this is not an LTO for us. And so it's important to know when we launch products, most of the time, it's because we think they are permanent fixtures to our menu.  The other nice thing about New York Style, which I like. And of course, we're promoting it through loyalty with points like you said, is our New York style is available in all 3 sizes in medium, large and a lot of cases, extra-large. But being part of a medium means that could be part of our $6.99 mix and match, and that was super important. 
Sandeep Reddy: Thanks, Dennis. And I think that's a great question because if you really go back to our fourth quarter call, Dennis, we talked about our expectations for the first quarter to be really margin improvement and margin expansion, which we did see. And directionally, it was slightly more, and I'll get to that in a second. But I think overall, when we look at the full year, our expectations really haven't changed. We were expecting to see procurement productivity benefits for the whole year, and we were expecting to make investments that offset the procurement productivity. What we did see specifically in Q1 is that while we got the procurement productivity, some of the investments we are planning to make in supply chain capacity really pushed out into later in the year. So Q2 to Q4 gets a little bit more pressured as a result of it, but the overall year really doesn't change. And so directionally, I think that's the way to think about supply chain margins and where we expect to take that.  Now when you talk about the full year expectations, Included in that was a timing factor on G&A specific to Q2 because we have our worldwide rally. We'd already messaged on the last call that we were expected to see some compression but we've quantified it a little bit for you to help you with your modeling. And other than that, the back half really remains relatively similar to what we said in the fourth quarter call. So broadly, not a very different picture on the P&L than what we saw back in February. 
Sandeep Reddy: And I'm just going to add something, Sara, because I think sometimes when we talk about promotion, the subtext is what's happening to profitability. What is great for us is our profit dollar growth continues to grow as we expected it to. We are on track to the $170,000 or more for the year. And we're doing exactly what we hoped for.  And I think on the last call, you asked about profit dollar growth versus margin expansion. Even on the corporate stores, we saw a very healthy profit dollar growth. And we did see a bit of margin expansion, but we're not solving for margin expansion. We're solving for profit dollar growth. And I think what we're seeing is very healthy the way all this explains with the P&L. 
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. No, I think and Russell is exactly right. I think accessing labor has been not a problem at all as we move through the year. What I do think is reality, and we talked about this on the last call as well, is there is some wage pressure in the year with some minimum wage increases, statutory increases that will impact the franchisee P&L and even our corporate store P&Ls.  But I think specifically, California is a good example, right, where we had the AB 1228 wage increases. So we essentially would have had to -- we had to increase our prices in California to address the wage increases that we saw over there. Our price increase is probably in the high single digits, but we will modify it if we need to, to actually adjust to what the competitors are doing. But overall, we're solving for profit dollar growth. That's what we are always solving for. And we are looking to protect that franchisee profitability in California and throughout the system. And so margin percentages are good to look at and maintain good flow through, but we're solving for dollar growth. 
Sandeep Reddy: And just -- I'm going to add something to that, John, because I think when you look at the promotional windows and you talked about what's the cadence outside the promotional windows, it's very good. But why is it very good? It's because of the loyalty program. The activity that's actually generated through the loyalty program is really dispersing transactions and redemptions right through the quarter. And I think that just speaks to the strength of what we're doing with renowned value and the loyalty program specifically. 
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. So I think on the near-term comps in Q2 that we talked about on the call, really, it's not surprising as at all. I mean, this is pretty much in line with our plans. We knew that we've had great success with the [ multi ] Pizza, and we were glad we did that because we've actually acquired customers into the loyalty program. But we did see some lift, which I think will kind of normalize as we go into Q2. But to the point we made making sense at the beginning of the year, we're expecting ramping and Uber to happen over the course of the year. So we expect to be slightly below our Q1 performance, which was very, very good. And we still think Q2 is going to be very, very good, but in line with what we expected. 
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. And I just want to add one thing on this because -- I talked about in the prepared remarks and Russell referred it on smart pricing. The interesting about smart pricing is we took a lot of spot pricing in '22 when the market was highly inflationary. The smart pricing in '23 was almost taking no pricing. And that's really what actually drove that value differential that is now really showing up.  The number of questions we got right through '23 on, do you have pricing power? Why are you not taking pricing because everybody else is taking pricing, but we were really focused on 2 things. One is making sure customer value was maintained; two, making sure that the flow through from a franchisee perspective had been restored and that happened after the '22 pricing that we took. And so we just get on the straight and narrow and we were really teeing up for what's ended up happening in Q4 and Q1. 
