Patrick Doyle: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. As I look back on our first quarter results, I feel good about our continued momentum and the overall strength of our business model. Our strategy is steady. We're emphasizing continuous improvement and resisting the complacency that can come with success. And we're executing on big, bold, innovative ideas at an extraordinary pace. I'm very pleased with our solid sales performance domestically and yet another tremendous quarter for our international business, whose positive same-store sales streak continues to be unmatched at 89 consecutive quarters of positive same-store sales growth. Our franchisees just keep getting it done. The recent advertising highlighted our DXP pizza delivery vehicle, which we debuted for you at our Investor Day. As Russell told you then, the commercial scored very highly in tests as it reinforced with customers that Domino's is an innovative brand. It's consistent with our strategy of big bold ideas and contributed to that brand momentum we keep talking about. Our new loyalty pa program is getting a strong site. Sign-ups are healthy and we're getting more frequency from our regular customers, proving that loyalty drives loyalty. We expect this to be a contributor to sales comps going forward based on the early positive signs we're experiencing. On the technology front, the quarter was highlighted in the U.S. by two new exciting ordering platforms, Apple Watch and Amazon Echo. Partnering with two of the premiere technology companies in the world is more proof of the tremendous work being done by our digital team. Our investments in technology have helped build a truly unmatched in-house team, and I am proud of the contributions that the great technology talent we've assembled here in Ann Arbor, Michigan, is making toward our current performance. We told you last quarter about the progress of our global online ordering platform, which we called GOLO, as well as the deployment of the pulse point of sales system across the globe. We now have 20 markets using GOLO and60% of our stores outside of the U.S. utilizing Domino's Pulse. Both increases since our last update following Q4. As it did in the U.S., a widely used point of sale system worldwide helps our double digits fall potential and ability to share best practices in digital experience with franchisees worldwide. You may have also noticed some media attention around the test of an autonomous delivery vehicle, Drew, which stands for Domino's robotic unit by our Australian franchisee, Domino's Pizza expect enterprises. We don't expect Drew to be making the majority of our deliveries in the near term, it is certainly another bold forward thinking idea and it is very much in line with our commitment to continually experiment and find new ways to improve our business model. And speaking of great things happening across the globe, the pace of success for the best international model in QSR continued on. We had yet another strong sales performance. Sounds boring but certainly isn't to us. And we turned in our best first quarter ever for international store growth, with 146 net store openings. We're making good progress on the conversion in France of pizza Sprint stores to Domino's stores, and Domino's Pizza, Inc. has officially completed the access of Joey is in Germany which will begin converting to Domino's in the second quarter. Standout markets, so chalk up yet another terrific quarter for our international business, our master franchisees are once again performing at the highest of levels. In summary, it was a very positive start to 2016. Our sales momentum continued, innovation persisted, and our team and franchisees across the globe showed that they're facing the challenge of sustaining success with passion and energy. Thanks. And I will now open it up for questions.
Patrick Doyle: Not material. I mean, you know, at the margin, maybe a little bit, but that's not a -- that's not a material driver.
Patrick Doyle: We're feeling good about the loyalty program, and you say it's still only, I guess, seven or eight months in, but it clearly was a -- was a positive contributor to comps in the first quarter, and we're seeing enough on it that we're feeling good about how it's going to affect the growth on the business going forward.
Patrick Doyle: The only thing I would add to what Jeff said is, you know, we've got two quarters in a row now where the two-year come is north of 20%. I don't believe we have ever done that. So the domestic momentum is as good as it has ever been. So we feel good about where we are.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, I think it is. And, you know -- and I guess I'd go back to, you know, what I was just saying. I mean, you know, we saw, you know, very strong comps, you know, each of the last two quarters, particularly given what we were rolling over. And I guess I would repeat what, you know, I think you've heard me say many times around the category, which is, you know, the big story remains, the big players taking share from the smaller players, and so the fact that, you know, the Pizza Hut had a -- you know, had a better comp rolling over I think what was a small negative from the previous year, is -- is still a reflection of kind of that share moving from the smaller players to the bigger players. So, you know, I don't think we did feel it, really in our comp at all as they were up a bit in the first quarter.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, it's less about kind of the comp increase than it is just about the profits falling to the bottom line, both across the international domestic franchise as well as the stores and supply chain. So we estimated that it had a $0.02 kind of headwind for us in Q1 of '16. You know, if it hurt us in Q1, it means it helped us in Q4. So, again, that identified 53rd week item affecting profitability -- $0.12 in Q4 included kind of that positive effect. But, you know, you -- when you don't have New Year's Eve and New Year's day in your if I can, it's going to hurt you a little bit, and with the brand as strong as it is and with the volumes as strong as they are, it's going to hurt you little bit more than it has maybe in the past.
Patrick Doyle: I'm not going to get into the kind of forecasting the specifics going forward, you know that’s not our practice, but what I would say is we obviously feel very good about the momentum of the business both domestically and internationally. And the news on the loyalty front is we have now seen enough from the results on that to have sense that is helping our comp and clearly that gives us some confidence but in terms of projections on near term we don’t get into, we just stick with our long term guidance.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, if you look at the two-year comp, they're actually identical, and I guess what I'd say, though, is, you are always going to see some noise one way or another, you know, between those because, you know, we are essentially in eight markets with -- with the corporate stores, and so, you know, it's always going to be a little bit more reliant on some specific local market conditions, but the two-year comp is fundamentally identical for corporate stores and franchise stores.
Patrick Doyle: No, I mean, our loyalty program is -- and I think we even talked about this a bit at our Investor Day, you know, you've got a choice to make when you design these. We are -- we designed ours so that it is about odds, you know. And so you get 10 points for every order that is over $10. So it is rewarding frequency as opposed to rewarding spends. And it is playing out that way.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, so, John, you know, I think the answer is ultimately you're going to see it grow kind of like you have in the past. I mean, if you look at kind of its profits and dollar profit growth as opposed to margin shifts, it has fundamentally kind of grown in line with the pace of our business growth overall. And, you know, what we saw in the first quarter was, you know, our team is very focused on -- on supporting the stores, the most important thing they do is -- is to be effective and make sure that we're getting the service levels to the stores that we need. In the first quarter that means we may have been a little bit less efficient. And that meant a little bit of overtime. But you're not looking at an order of magnitude on that that is -- that is that big. What I would say in terms of the investments is, while there may be some investments in people, when we have talked about those, wear talking more about capital expenditures going forward because we're going to need to increase some of the capacity in our system. So that's really more what we've been talking about as we think about investments going forward. And, you know, I guess what I'd say is, when you look at kind of the profitability of the supply chain business, I would always say, focus more on the dollar profits than on the percentage margins because the percentage margins, as -- you know, as you know, are going to move with commodities, whereas kind of the dollar profits are going to tend to be more consistent.
Patrick Doyle: That's a good question, John. I'll do your second one first is, you know, as you know, our 2012 debt that's outstanding expires in January of 2019. It has a par call -- or basically take it out without penalty next summer in the middle of '17. You know, we're never going to tip our hand as to what we're going to do but it's always a possibility that we could go any time between now and January of '19 into that -- that has served us so well. So we will keep our options open and we'll continue to consult with the management team and with our Kochville board and do what we think is right for the shareholders. As far as cash balances, we did roll into the end of Q1 with a higher unrestricted catch balance than we normally do. That was expected. Again, we knew as part of our recapitalization we were going to have around $700 million of excess proceeds. Basically the maximum amount that we could have flown through our accelerated share repurchase and make it efficient was $600 million, and during the accelerated share repurchase, you're really kind of not prohibited but it's hard to actually compete with your own ASR in the open market at the same time, so we knew we were going to run with kind of a temporarily high cash balance. And then again, as I said in the prepared remarks, we are very proud of our history of deploying cash in an efficient way to our shareholders and, again, I won't tip our hand as to how exactly or when we'll actually do that but that will remain our focus going forward and I think longer term, without giving you an exact number as to the dollars that we want to see in cash, it's lower than you see at the end of Q1.
Patrick Doyle: It has not. It has not. And just for point of clarification, we don't have any corporate stores in California. So this is really more about New York. But it is not. A and if you look at the overall profitability --
Patrick Doyle: New York is really the biggest of those. We too far corporate stores in California. We do not have corporate stores in Washington state .. and those three states are probably the ones that have put kind of the biggest increases on the board for wage rates.
Patrick Doyle: Not going to get into any forward-looking go thoughts on that. What I will tell you is we do have lots of things in the pipeline, both from food and technology, and you know we feel quite good about where we are on that front.
Patrick Doyle: First you answered your own question. You know, we made over $125,000 of store at the franchise level last year, record level of profitability for our franchisees. You're seeing accelerating store growth. So, you know, overall they feel very good about where we are and the outlook for the business. Do we have discussions about all of the things that you just listed? Absolutely. And I guess what I would say is, we operate in -- in over 80 countries around the world. We operate in -- in labor markets that vary dramatically. There are places we're operating today where wage rates are over $20 an hour and markets where wage rates are significantly lower than they are in the U.S. And we’re pretty darn good at it, we’re efficiency, the efficiency of our model has been strength for a long time. The relatively limited menu makes us more efficient, the scale that we have around delivery makes us more efficient on that side and we have a technology platform that is also driven efficiencies and we think gives us opportunities to drive more efficiencies going forward. So certainly we have lots of conversations about how to address these things. The great news is our competition has to deal with all the same things and at the end of the day. The competitive landscape is one of who figures things out better, who is more efficient, who figures out how to balance driving value for -- for the customer effectively, who has the best people in the industry, and, you know, we feel good about where we are.
Patrick Doyle: Sure. The pizza category is going a about it, you know, it's still not robust growth, but there were a number of years there where the pizza category really didn't grow. We're now seeing, you know, more in the range of low single-digit growth in the pizza category, so that's a little bit better. And, you know, I think from an overall restaurant industry perspective, you know, at the end of the day, it really comes down to, are you giving the great value to your customer, are you giving them a level of product quality and service, and, you know, the image of your stores that's -- you know, that's creating demand at the price point that you're offering. And I know that's kind of an obvious statement and an obvious equation, but it is something that we spend a lot of time looking at, at, you know, how can you say MERS are feeling about the quality of our food and, you know, the service that we're providing and are we doing that all at a value that's working for them. And, you know -- and I think if you look broadly at -- at the adoption of technology, you know, we're proud to be in the category that has probably done the best job with technology, and I think that's giving some advantage to the pizza category overall and not just Domino's. And so that may be helping at the margin as well.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, I mean, it really depends on the market. I mean, on average, they're going to be seeing a little bit less than we do, just because of kind of the balance of where the stores are and how affected they're going to be. So, on average, affecting them less but, you know, averages are -- are dangerous, and I will tell you one of the interesting things that I think everyone in the restaurant industry is looking at right now, is, while we operate in lots of markets in the world that have very different wage rates, both higher and lower than the U.S., I can't think of any markets where you have wage rates that may vary dramatically within the market. And we are heading that direction in the U.S. And it's an interesting challenge for the business. It's something that I think every restaurant company is going to be thinking about. And, you know, certainly something that we're spending time on and we're bringing kind of our analytical prowess to kind of understand how we operate in an environment where, you know, you're a national brand, but you have cost structures that may vary fairly dramatically from state to state. So, you know, short answer is, on average, our corporate stores will have a little bit more wage pressure than our franchisees, but the interesting challenge is, as we move forward, is going to be an operating environment where those numbers may be pretty different.
Patrick Doyle: Well, you know, first, most pricing is set locally, so while we have a national promotion that our franchisees and our corporate stores are honoring, most of the rest of their pricing and their coupons are set locally by market so there are ways to adjust, and I guess in terms of technology, what I would say is, it gives us lots of advantages, and there may be ways in which it allows us to address this a little bit more effectively as well.
Patrick Doyle: You know, individual franchisees within a market may vary their pricing, you know, so you might see different pricing between different stores within a market, but, on average, pricing within a market tends to be far more the same than you're going to see variability.
Patrick Doyle: We’re going to see how that kind of all shakes out here. I mean there is a lot going around that right now, certainly it could wind up impacting and that’s primarily what it's going to do is it's going to be far more efficient about not having overtime in your stores.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, I'm not going to get into all the -- all the details on that, but you know it certainly gives you a little bit -- it's something else to look at and figure out how you're going to do it most efficiently, but also put yourself in a position where you're going to be able to attract the best people in the industry.
Patrick Doyle: Terrific. Well, listen, before we officially close, I'd like to acknowledge some recent news that many of you are aware of, which actually takes effect this coming Monday, May 2nd, which is the retirement of Lynn Liddle who is sitting across from me for her final earnings call at Domino's this morning, and the appointment of Tim McIntyre, whose sitting across from me for his first as the new Executive Vice President of Communications, Investor Relations, and Legislative Affairs. Tim is a 31-year veteran of Domino's Communications, and I look forward to many of you getting to meet and work closely with him along the way. Lynn, I join the investment community in saying we're going to miss you, very much and thank you for all you've done to move the Domino's business forward over the past 14 years.  Domino's would not be what it is today without your leadership. With that, I thank everyone for joining today and look forward to discussing our second quarter earnings with you on July 21st.
Jeff Lawrence: First, on the U.S. comps, you know, significantly driven by traffic orders with just a small amount of ticket increase. So not a big amount of ticket increase. And as you know, we are really focused around getting comps, you know, more through orders and traffic than we are tickets so that's right in line with kind of what we planned for and expect. As far as the company-owned store margin, if I heard you right, really, the biggest thing going against us there is more labor rate than anything else. Food, not a big movement Q1 over Q1 last year. And you've got some other things moving around that you can see in our 10-Q. But more than anything, it's higher labor rates, and, again, as you guys know, our team USA footprint is a little bit more urban on balance than our franchisees footprint so a little bit more susceptible to rate changes, but, again, as we've said before, we view it as a short to medium term kind of challenge that we need to deal with, but we are focused on growing our way out of that over time, and that's what we will focus on doing, as well as our franchisees, who are also impacted with higher rates.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, you know, the short answer is we don't give those exact things but I can tell you it was not a significant or material part of the 6.4 that you see.
Jeff Lawrence: So, Karen, it does not impact the comp number or the same-store sales number. It does actually flow through a little bit on the revenues. And again we've estimated that it's a $0.02 negative in Q1. When you look at the Q4 results that we had, you know, we identified and backed out the 53rd week, which was approximately $0.12, so the benefit of those really busy profitable days, New Year's Eve and New Year's day, was in that $0.12.
Jeff Lawrence: The first thing I would say is when you roll over a 14.5% come him and the throughput that that gets you a year ago, you know, putting up a 6-4 which we are very proud of and excited about, on balance wouldn't have got the you the flow through as if we had thrown up another double-digit. But when you look at the two-year camp, north of 20%, we feel great about the underlying momentum and the fundamental strength. When you look at 9.9% year-over-year, that's the biggest thing, but as I mentioned just a moment ago, also opportunities for us in some margin areas.  Again, corporate stores being pinched a little bit by labor rates. Supply chain busier than they've ever been, doing a fantastic job of keeping up with the U.S. business. But they're being stretched a little bit. You know, we kind of mentioned that at the Investor Day in January. It's an area of our business that we are going to invest behind to continue to evolve and make sure we can keep up with the growth that we're seeing. But, you know, again -- and, again, you also have FX again this quarter, you know, another $3 million negative for Q1 versus last year. So you know what? When you add it all up, it does get you kind of in that 10% range, but, again, as you know, things can be, you know, a little bumpy along the way. What we're focused on is continuing to build the brand the right way with top line sales growth driven by traffic, driven by best in class digital and you know what, earnings will fall where they May but we feel good about the long-term opportunity of our financial engine.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, so, you know, as I said a moment ago, you know, FX is largely unpredictable, and if it were more predictable, we'd all be doing something else. A year ago we said that we thought 2015 was going to be $8 million to $12 million going into that year and we ended up at a negative 20. This year we kind of -- we looked at independent consensus estimates from economists, and when you add it up, it looks again like it's going to be at eight to $12 million headwind in 2016. In the last two or three weeks there's a little bit of softening in the U.S. dollar, but nothing that would cause us to think that that's going to be a permanent, you know, a permanent state for the FX. $3 million hit to earnings pretax for Q1, you know, kind of in line with that eight to 12 if you play that out, but, again, can it move around, either -- either better or worse than the eight to 12 that we've shown as an outlook for '16? The answer to that is yes, and sometimes materially. So we're going to let that play out a little bit more. We will continue to update all of the shareholders along the way with the impact that has and our outlook on it as the year progresses, and we will see where we land.
Jeff Lawrence: It was really, I think, kind of two different things in our corporate stores and in supply chain. Supply chain, honestly, was about keeping up with the business, and, you know, while they were very effective at doing that, you know, there were some opportunities on efficiency. But these were not big dollars in the grant scheme of things. From the perspective of team USA, we own all of the stores in the Bronx, Brooklyn and queens, and minimum wage, as you know, has gone up in New York, and so that's really the wage rate pressure that we're talking about. That's really primarily about New York. That's kind of a short-term thing, as, you know, our view on that has always been that, as wage rates move, you may see a little bit of dislocation in the near term on that over kind of the medium term and longer term. You see that both show up in better efficiency, because, frankly, as the wage rate goes up, stores tend to get better and more efficient about managing labor hours.  And you also see, you know, over time kind of price settling in as well a little bit. And so, you know, we kind of absorb that a bit in the first quarter. And, you know, you may see that again as wage rates are going to continue to move in New York at the beginning of each year, but you adjust around that and I think over time you're going to see that kind of come back out again. That's at least the goal.
