Russell Weiner: Thank you, Sandeep. The Domino’s system has a lot to be proud of, and we also have opportunities to address. We pride ourselves on being a work-in-progress brand, and there is no better way to describe this period in our history.  As we saw in the last recession, delivery moves with the economy, especially for customers with lower disposable income, who represent a significant portion of our business. As it was in Q4 of 2022, we expect the economy to be a headwind for our delivery business in 2023. While we expect to continue to grow QSR pizza delivery share, we also expect the delivery sales will be challenged. Every day delivery customers will be deciding where to spend their hard earned dollars. So we need to maintain value and continue to improve our service.  On the subject of value, moving the $5.99 mix and match offer we launched in December of 2009 to $6.99 in 2022 was the right decision for our brand. That said, we and our franchisees must be vigilant to make sure value exists across our entire venue, not just in promotional offers.  We also need to drive more innovation. When I look back at my 14 years at Domino’s, we were at our best when we brought big ideas to market. These ideas helped us tell great brand stories. Coming out of COVID, we became more transactional with our customers than I would have liked. This was understandable as our team needed to pivot and react to some of the labor constraints we discussed earlier in the year.  I'm encouraged at the way we ended ‘22 and have begun 2023. We and our franchisees reinforced our position as the delivery leader by introducing a fleet of 800 electric delivery vehicles. Domino’s now has the biggest electric fleet of pizza delivery vehicles in the country. In Carryout, we brought back our innovative Carryout tips promotion, which continues to drive value and news in that segment. We've launched Loaded Tots in early 2023. Adding a potato side to our menu has been a goal for many years, but it was difficult to find a product that delivered well and didn't end up in customers' homes cold and soggy. Loaded Tots delivers, literally and figuratively, and continues our innovation strategy of adding platforms that are incremental to our menu.  In 2023 we will also refresh and improve our Piece of the Pie loyalty program. We finished last year with approximately 30 million active members in the program and over 77 million total members in our loyalty database. We launched Piece of the Pie in the fall of 2015. There is an opportunity to innovate and grow this program further by unlocking value to an even wider base of customers.  Dominos has been called many things over the years; a pizza company, a delivery company, a marketing company, a technology company, all of those are true, but when we are at our best, we're also an innovation company. Product, service and technology innovation with a very specific purpose; to give our customers and store team members the best possible pizza experience; to tell one of a kind brand stories and to over-deliver on expectations. This is what you have come to expect and should continue to expect from domino's pizza.  With that, we'll open the call to questions. 
Russell Weiner: Sure. Good morning and thanks Peter. As I said during my remarks, we've been pleased with this program. We launched in 2017. We've got over 30 million active members, 77 million total members, and really at this point as we think about the evolution of the rewards program, it is about taking the best and keeping the best of what we have and then continuing to dial up on where the opportunities are, and so – and we're not going to talk to the specifics of it now.  But I think when you see us launch it later on this year, you'll see those who are joining the program continue to – are going to continue to enjoy the positives of it, and probably some of our less frequent customers are going to be incented to do more. And I should tell you, I'm sorry I misspoke. The launched central loyalty program was 2015, not 2017. 
Russell Weiner: Yes, thanks Sarah, it's a great question. I think what I'll do is take a little step back and just give perspective on our business. As you said, it's a unique one.  60% of our sales are delivering. When we talked in our comments about the QSR delivery category down, the pizza delivery category was down, Dominos actually gained shared. So it's not the prettiest way to gain share, but in a macroeconomic time where the entire delivery QSR category is pressured, we grew sharing in the pizza category. That's 60% of our business, and when that’s 60% of your business, you're going to see the numbers fall out the way they did.  Now, what I'd like to think about when I talk about the Sara Senatore from Bank of America and future Dominos is how much more diverse we are than we were years ago. So think about our Carryout business that's not encumbered by any of those headwinds was up 14% to 15% in Q4, over 30% over the last three years, $1 billion dollars over the last three years, you know that's really a business that's on fire, and then internationally we open more organic stores than we ever had in our history.  And so I think you just need to have that perspective of looking at our entire business, how we're performing in delivery, how that performance is actually making us better, so when we come out of this we're going to be a better delivery company, but how the more complete dominoes is in a better place as we head through these tougher times.  So if I were to take that as a backdrop to your second question on you know aggregated for delivery, again like I said, we're continuing to grow share of delivery pizza here. We do work with aggregators globally. We've got $1 billion in sales outside of the U.S. where we're learning every day, and while we do that we're doing things like continuing to improve our ordering experience and improving the loyalty program as I spoke about, to make sure our delivery ordering experience is better than everybody else's. 
Russell Weiner: Yes, thanks for the question. Look, we're satisfied with the improvement. We're never going to be satisfied until every delivery is there as expeditiously as we can get it. So we're satisfied, but what I'd say is we have more work to do, so our service times are better. They are not better than they were in 2019 and that's the place we need to go.  When you look at our corporate stores, it’s trying to think about that as a proxy for what's going on in the rest of the business. Corporate stores, our hires are at pre pandemic levels now, turnover is down, job applications are up and we're getting people through the system faster on applications.  We talked about call centers. I wouldn't really mention it on this call, but about half our stores are on call centers right now. Not every single call goes through the call centers, but they are there to help and that makes the job easier for our team members. We have a lot of operation simplification processes that we put into place that we're really excited to share with you guys when you come in for Investor Day.  And then something that I'd point to that we just launched was this EV fleet. So we have an EV fleet of 800 vehicles, but that actually is part of a larger kind of strategic shift you're starting to see with our franchisees and corporate stores and purchasing vehicles. And what that enables us to do is attract folks who've got driver's licenses, but maybe don't have access to vehicles.  So when you put all that stuff together, you're seeing a more efficient inflow of people, more efficient operations, new pools of driver, that's why you're seeing the sequential improvement in the first and fifth quintile. And that's why you know we got another boost week coming up, back to the regular cadence as we said we would do in Q3. 
Russell Weiner: Yes, sure. Look. I mean, I think part of the answer your question was in our question. The delivery pressures are a macroeconomic thing, and so like I said it, while it's not a pretty way to grow share, when you're growing share in a category that has got headwinds, that means you're kind of outperforming the rest of the category.  Now that's not what we like to see in our overall numbers, but you're really talking about macro pressures. And so the way I look at is all the things that we're doing now to get better in delivery with hiring folks, with having a tighter circle of operations, with innovating, with technology, all of these things, so that what is now a share increase in a category that’s got headwinds, when those headwinds will subside – and look, I joined during the time during, during the last recession. We boomed out of that recession, because I think as we said last time, we knew this, delivery because of delivery fee and because of tips, if they're going to have extra headwinds during these economic times.  So I like to look at how are we performing during these times? Are we getting better during these times, so when that pressure is gone you should see us to accelerate. 
Russell Weiner: Yeah Andrew, great question, and that's kind of what I was talking to, you know really at the end,  Look, during COVID we were clear during the pandemic that we had capacity issues. And so the type of delivery innovation, there you are seeing more on things like car side delivery or contactless delivery, and so I'm not going to talk to innovations moving forward, but that's an important piece for us.  If we want to break out of the category, then we need to break out of the category from an innovation standpoint, and that's – you know we'll talk product later, I could talk all day. But there are innovations that are going to help us in addition to EV fleet on the technology side. That should help us break away from the crowd. 
Russell Weiner: Yeah sure, thanks. Well, I just want to reiterate our positive look to the change we made in our mix and match, moving to $6.99 both delivering Carryout. It was absolutely the right thing.  You know, as you know our franchisees and local stores control their own menu pricing and delivery fees and things like that and all the models in the world, all the experience in the world with the headwinds and changes in food cost and labor and things like that [inaudible]pretty quick. And I think if we were to look at some of our stores, things that are not on promotion.  So, menus and maybe some case delivery fee our price may have got a little bit of a head. We need to be of value, not just international offer. Sometimes people want medium two type pizzas, a lot of times they want medium two types pizzas, but sometimes they want other things too. And it's just making sure that we have the right value across the other pieces of our menu. We'll be working with our franchisees on that. 
Russell Weiner: Yes, I would just add John. We are transforming this company right now. Obviously, the delivery business is a hot topic today, but you know Carryout pizza, Carryout QSR is significantly bigger than delivery QSR and so what we see is every time we open up a new store, not only do our delivery times get tighter. And hot pizza is actually hot food in general by the way, which is why we're launching our Tots, because people want hot potatoes pun intended.  The delivery times get tighter, but also the Carryout volume is very incremental. Consumers don't want to – customer’s don't want to – customers don’t want to walk that far, drive that far to get their pizza. So part of the transformation of this brand into a more complete company is absolutely – you know continuing to drive these store growth.  As far as some things that we were doing at Houston, I think rather than me trying to describe things over a call, I would really invite you to come to our meeting later this year, where we're going to show that stuff live. It's super hard to describe, but I would say at the end of the day these are processes that enable us to get a hot pizza to customers, obviously in a safe but faster way. But also improve the experience in the store for our team members and the resulting quality of that product.  So hopefully, that's enough to wet your whistle to come to Ann Arbor. 
Russell Weiner: Well, thank you, and thank you everybody for joining the call this morning. Sandeep and I look forward to speaking with you in April to discuss our first quarter results. Until then, we'll talk soon.
Sandeep Reddy: Good morning, Brian. Thank you for the question, and so let me start first with the rationale for the unit growth update from 6% to 8% to 5% to 7%. As we said in the prepared remarks as well, I think the U.S. delivery business and the constraints that we see in front of us on the U.S. delivery business are a big driver of this decision to actually slow down the expectations from a unit growth standpoint.  And as you also noted from my prepared remarks, the headwinds that we saw throughout 2022 are expected to continue into the first half of 2023 and that is going to put pressure on the unit growth that we expect to see as we go forward in 2023. And I think in terms of what the catalyst would be, the answer is a little bit in terms of what I talked about on the U.S. growth itself and the cadence. So the first half of the year is going to continue to be pressured for the same reasons that it was pressured in 2022. But as we move into the second half of the year, the pipeline that we have for 2023 looks really encouraging, and I think this is at the back of economics that continue to be very compelling.  We’re delivering $137,000 in EBITDA with all the pressures that were faced from an inflationary standpoint on food costs, labor and just general costs in the P&L and that's literally within $6,000 of 2019 levels. And most encouragingly, the exit rate from Q4 had the EBITDA levels that we are estimating above 2019 levels. This is really a manifestation of the price increases that we took on the natural offer for Mix of Match in the fourth quarter, in particular for Carryout beginning to flow through.  The flow through benefits for the franchisee P&L are very compelling, and we feel that if this continues, this cadence as we move forward in ’23, notwithstanding the 3% to 5% food basket increase that they're looking at. Franchisee is in a very good place to continue improving their profitability, and that's why we feel so confident with the pipeline that we’re seeing in 2023, economics back it up, paybacks continue to be very strong at roughly three years. 
Sandeep Reddy: Yes, thanks Lauren for the question. And I'll start with the last part, then we'll go back to the first part.  So I think in terms of franchise EBITDA, we expect ’23 to be improved versus 2022 for sure, given the pricing changes that we made towards the back half of the year and the lowering pressure from food basket and costs that we anticipate in ’23. But I think in terms of the development cost, the answer is, it kind of varies. It depends on where exactly they are building stores, and there's a big range in terms of development costs around the country. And so as we're coming out of this constrained environment, where we had permitting and store construction issues, we are basically saying that there is some cost pressure for sure, but I think getting into specific from what that number is, is probably not right until we see this play out over the course of ’23. And I think at the right time will be in a position to give you a better update in terms of the where things are at.  But essentially from a payback standpoint, the three year range of payback is still very much what franchisees are looking at, and that's why they are making the investments they are making. 
Sandeep Reddy: Sure I'll start off on the impact on the unit growth and a split impact of fortressing basically that you're referring to John. As you – we started already get updating again during the course of ’22 and if you saw we went from I think 0.7% of fortressing impact in the second quarter to 0.5% now. So the impact on fortressing is becoming less and less in terms of what effects it's got on the same store sales.  We don't see it being a very, very significant impact as we move forward. But as we said again, we going to update it if it really deviates from that. There is plenty of growth still that we actually seen in our runway. We have the opportunity mapped out by our internal teams, and we know that we can definitely go after that in the pipeline that we have from franchisees is on the back half. Knowing what that opportunity looks like, the economics that they see coming out of it, and so I think we feel pretty good that we had the right balance on that. 
Sandeep Reddy: Yeah, so that's a great question, David. So look, I mean as far as we're concerned, the guiding principles that we've actually outlined is revenue should be growing faster than expenses. So when you look at the guidance range on global retail sales and you look at our guidance range on G&A, can see that essentially, even at the low end our G&A is basically below that in terms of growth at the midpoint. And so I think straight away that gets you into a place where you can be margin accretive, so that's point number one.  Point number two is, we actually experienced a lot of headwinds this past year from foreign exchange, and I think that actually had a 50 basis point negative impact on our operating margin in ’22. Unfortunately, given where we are, we still see a little bit more headwind, but not in the same magnitude given where current rates are. And so that would be an offset to some of that operating improvement. But from a mix standpoint, with the corporate store sales that have actually happened, we’ll now get three or more full quarters from that, that helps our margins.  So I think overall when we look at the margins, my expectations for margins is that margins will improve. But I think when we talked about pre-pandemic margins or 2019 margins with the currency headwinds that we experienced in ’22, that's probably further away than ’23, but it's not something that we're saying its unattainable. It's more a question of time and some of the other factors that hit the P&L. 
