Patrick Doyle: Yes, Karen, its good question. The answer is absolutely there is interest. The market conditions differ around the world, and so the design of a program might be different in other places around the world based on relative market share and what you're trying to accomplish is as we talked about before, we designed our program to be about frequency to drive order counts and clearly we're feeling very good about that. But one of the things we’ve talked about before and I think are particularly proud of and believe has been a big part of our success is that we do a lot of things in a lot of different parts of the world. We have big master franchisees who are all working on the same issues that we are in the U.S., and so when somebody figure something out somewhere there is very quick best practice sharing around the world. And clearly we're happy with loyalty, clearly we're sharing results, and then markets will make decisions on whether they’re going to launch it. And if they do, when they’re going to launch it, based on kind of the priorities and the list of new initiatives that they want to take in their market and kind of how they're going to prioritize those. But absolutely the success that we're having has been well noted within our system, and it's certainly something that international markets are going to look at.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, Brian. I think, first, we’re not going to kind of breakout the components of growth specifically. I mean you know we don't do that. What I would say, has changed on loyalty in the second quarter versus the first quarter is simply the amount of time that we've been able to watch the results, analyze the data coming in. We already talked about in the first quarter that we were seeing good results from loyalty and we're ready to say that, yes, it’s a success. A quarter later, we're just that much more confident that it is absolutely doing what we expected that it was going to do. So, I wouldn't necessarily say that it was a driver of the difference in results between second quarter and first quarter. And I guess the other thing I would say is we were pretty happy with first quarter results also, and we obviously like our second quarter very, very well. But we just feel like the overall momentum in the business is very strong. Lots of good things happen when you got this much momentum, and so we're seeing franchisees getting more and more excited about what's happening here, you're seeing that play through into increasing store growth. It seems as we grow that we've got more advertising dollars to spend as a brand overall. I mean just -- the momentum feeds upon itself. And I think that's really the broadest explanation for the second quarter and kind of the overall results we've had is that it just continues to build the energy in the system, continues to be terrific. I mean, we 8,000 people get in a room in Las Vegas last month from all over the world, virtually every market represented which was by far the largest turnout that we've ever had, and that energy and momentum is contagious.
Patrick Doyle: No, I mean, we got off a lot of momentum in store growth. We do have the conversions that are happening in the three countries, in Germany, France, and South Africa. That's not a really big part of it yet, but that’s certainly is contributing. And that's something that is a little bit unusual. I wouldn't expect that. There just simply isn't the opportunity frankly for that many other conversions out there. But the vast majority is coming from just faster organic growth in a lot of countries around the world, and our unit economics are very strong when you get 90 straight quarters of positive same-store sales growth in your international business and with the pace of that same-store sales growth unit economics on the whole continue to get stronger and stronger. And so confidence in reinvesting into the brands and growing stores and believing that they’re going to generate a terrific return for the master franchisees continues to go up and that's really what is going on out there. And so feeling very good about it, feeling very good again about kind of the momentum in that area. There is a little bit of boost from the conversions, but it is mostly about unit economics driving a belief in the strength of investing into our brands and I would add, I remember there were some questions a couple of years ago about reimaging and relocating stores and whether or not that was going to have any effect on unit growth. And I think I expressed some confidence that it wouldn't and I think we're seeing that play out. I mean, there are seeing nice returns, we’re seeing momentum in the brand based on those reimages. And so despite the fact that there's pretty -- been pretty heavy investment into those reimages, which is now about 60% done, they’re also accelerating investment into new stores.
Patrick Doyle: Honestly we haven't seen a big difference in the competitive activity overall. And as you've heard me say before, just given that the fairly fragmented market shares within pizza, the individual actions of really any player including us in the category just don’t have that much effect in the near-term on the other players. And so I think what I would say is that the overall trends have kind of continue to be the same, which is you continue to see the large players taking share from the independence and happily we’ve taken more than our fair share of that. But overall, it still continues to be really about the national players taking share from the smaller players and some growth in the category, but certainly not robust.
Patrick Doyle: I think you're right. It certainly put some pressure on them, but we're looking at cheese that in today's trading in kind of the normal range of cheese. I guess, maybe the only thing I would say is extending that forward a little bit in markets where there is more wage pressure, they may have seen that offset a bit by lower cheese costs, with cheese costs moving back into kind of the more normalized range they may feel that a bit more. Clearly for us, we made more money in the second quarter in our corporate stores and we did a year-ago, so we're feeling good about our performance. But you I think they certainly will feel the pressure a little bit more. We obviously do some more forward buying than they’re able to do, which takes a little bit of the volatility out of it for us.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, I think we got a little bit more efficient. You saw some of that in supply chain and some in our corporate stores as well. And honestly it's -- we have the high quality problem of keeping up with volume. And as strength continued in the second quarter, I think the teams did a nice job of doing a little bit more efficiently than we did in the first quarter, and I think that's really it.
Patrick Doyle: Very important. You know the pizza profile has been fundamental for us on a lot of things. It has allowed a lot of the extensions that we've done on digital ordering, because we already have all of the information there. And for people to join our loyalty program, all they got to do is click a box. And so, the ease with which people can sign up for our loyalty program is clearly been part of the strength and our ability to drive penetration in that program has been part of the strength of the results. It's very much within the range of what our team predicted it to be and that number was predicted to be pretty high based on what we thought was a very attractive program, but then also, importantly, the fact that it is very easy for them to join the program. So, I think your question is dead on and it certainly has played into it.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, we are the most efficient delivery system out there for food. We’ve got scale. We’ve been approached by virtually every one of the players at some point, and we like our competitive position. And so, I would not expect that you will see us doing that. We are very, very good at this. We’ve got critical math of volume in our delivery business. We’ve been perfecting efficiencies around it for 56 years, and that is certainly not something that we are going to lend to other parties. And overall I think what you’re seeing is, a lot of people who are trying different things within this space taking different approaches, some around food, some around packages, obviously people moving people around, and they are still getting I think their arms around the variable economics of doing that for kind of each of those three categories, moving people, moving food and moving items. And some of my learning that it is far more about people and logistics and managing a very large distributed group of people making those deliveries that it is about kind of the technology behind it. And so, we love our position in delivery. We do it awfully well, and we’re going to continue to do it ourselves.
Patrick Doyle: The short answer is high sales. And remember a decent amount of that is actually against advertising that has already been spent, and the bills haven’t come through yet. So there is a little bit of an asset that gets carried there. But it is higher than average right now. We make our commitments for the majority of our spent in the upfront and that is generally the most efficient place to be buying advertising. So when sales and store growth are particularly strong, you may see that number build. And then we’ll make higher commitments in upfront based on both that asset kind of building up and then kind of expectations of sales going forward. So that's really primarily why that has built up at this point.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, John, I think it's really been more. It's really more driver of the comps you’re seeing and that gives us some confidence going forward. The numbers have continued to stay in the range we talked about before which is an initial conversion or an initial reimage the store gets you a fairly minimal bump in the short-term, call it a point or two maybe three, but really more in the point or two range. But what we see is kind of the catalytic effect. Which is as more and more stores are reimaged for a brand that has aspirations to do everything well and a growing carryout business, we’ve got to have a great experience for people in stores we didn’t before. And what we always talked about is that we think that this conversion is not going to be really compelling on a short-term basis store-by-store, but that it's going to be part of what builds the momentum around the brand overall, and for once I think we got it right. So I think that's exactly what we’re seeing play-out which is, the overall momentum playing into the brand as it was an area of weakness. Our stores just didn’t look great. It wasn’t a great experience when people came in for a carryout pizza, and with this it is a terrific experience.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, so I’ve been at Domino’s now 19 years and when I talk to the system, we are always talking fundamentally about one of two things. It is either top-line sales or it's staffing. And clearly top-line sales are terrific. So we’re all spending a lot of time talking about staffing in our stores. And it is the better of the two things to be talking about. So our franchisees are doing what they do best, which is adapting to their individual market conditions. There are certainly markets where labor is tighter than others, but in general you are clearly seeing a healthy demand for labor out there, for people in the stores. Our growth gives us ability to -- and profitability in our stores gives us an ability to compete effectively for those people. And -- so yes, the unemployment rate in the USA is down to 4.7%. It has gotten tougher to hire people into the stores. Our reimaging program frankly pays -- plays too bad of the fact that it's a better environment for people to work in, makes it easier for us to hire great people into those stores. When the stores were frankly uglier, it was harder to hire them into those stores. So a great bright fun winning environment makes it easier for us to hire people and the right people and keep the stores staffed and give great service to our customers. But the reimage program absolutely plays into that as well.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, I mean, I’m not going to get into the specifics on tickets, but ticket is higher clearly than it was five years ago not a lot higher but it is certainly higher. The interesting thing is there are kind of four things I guess, that broadly that play into the ticket. One is, digital ordering, and ticket is higher on digital orders than phone orders, a little bit. I mean it depends on kind of the service method but it is a little bit higher, and so that plays into it. Ticket is higher on delivery than it is on carryout by quite a bit. And carry out has become a bigger and bigger part of our business over the course of the last decade. So you almost need to pull it apart and look at when we’re looking at it, we’re looking at what are the tickets doing in carryout versus what is tickets doing in delivery. And the fact that carryout has been growing a little faster over the past decade and so that is overall percentage of sales it means our overall ticket growth winds up looking a little bit more muted. Then there is ticket based on how much you are selling. So how much food people are taking in the basket and that, some of that plays back to digital ordering because people have the full menu in front of them. They’re going to wind up buying some things that they might not have bought if they were just doing it over the phone. And then really the fourth part is pricing, and what’s happening within specific pricing and pricing moves, and all four of those things kind of factor into that overall ticket number. And then there has been a reasonable amount of move in all of those, so that often I think price kind of gets translated directly as what’s happening with ticket. And there are some other big components that kind of play into what’s happening within ticket other than simply the price part of it. So the answer overall is ticket movement has been there. It's been relatively modest, but there’s an off a lot of different things that kind of play into it.
Patrick Doyle: I think the pizza category gives great value based on kind of a per-eater basis versus other parts of the category. I think there was a time 10 years ago when frankly the pizza category had gotten too aggressive on price and it was hurting order count in the industry. I think we’ve done a much better job overall of giving great value to consumers and that's clearly part of why the pizza category has probably been a little bit better on overall growth versus the overall QSR category. So I think it's a question of discipline around pricing and making sure that we’re doing right by the consumer and then you watch what’s happening with our overall level with store profitability, we’re making that work in a way that's also very compelling for our franchisees.
Patrick Doyle: No, I was just going to say, the other things that mean just kind of thinking about some of the dynamics within G&A and as you think about it and kind of the performance of the business, advertising for our corporate stores is in G&A. When sales go up a lot because they are contributing to our national ad funds, G&A goes up because sales have gone up. So, strong performance top line and in total our corporate stores are kind of with -- a little bit of store growth plus comp. Second quarter you’re kind of looking at 10% overall growth in sales. On a $400 million business, at a 6% ad spend it's actually a pretty significant increase in G&A year-over-year. So if there are a lot of different things that are in there, some of which actually get tied directly to volume.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. So, lower ticket but also lower cost, because you’re not performing the delivery for them. And so overall well I am not going to give the specifics. In terms of dollar profitability, I wouldn’t think about them as being dramatically different. The components of it will look at little different. Food cost will be a little bit higher, labor cost will be lower, ticket will be lower. But at the end of the day what we worry about at the dollars that you take to the bank, and all of that nets out reasonably at the end of the day.
Patrick Doyle: All right. Well listen, thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to discussing our third quarter earnings with you on October 18. Thanks everyone.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. So, yes great question. I think the most important thing is that we also incorporated into this new guidance of 305 to 310 not only our performance, but also our outlook for the rest of the year. So it does express some confidence in the momentum we have. So we think some of that’s baked in. It’s more performance-based than it is strategic investments, but it's really both, Brian. As Patrick has talked about, we’re investing to win. If we see good ideas in IT or digital, if our international team has some investment they want to make to continue that train going down the tracks, we're saying yes to really good investments that have a good ROI. And it's not really a short-term focus for us on what the G&A number is if we believe it's going to create long-term value. So G&A as a percentage of revenues versus last year this quarter about the same and yes it’s a bigger number. But specifically to your original question, more performance-based than it is strategic investments, but it’s a little bit of both.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, you know as far a future recapitalization, we’re not going to tip our hand on that obviously. You do know that our 2012 notes are callable at par about a year from now. As far as buyback, we’ve about $215 million left under the most recent authorization. With the last recap, obviously principal and interest is a little more than it used to be. We obviously have a pretty robust dividend, ongoing dividend program going on. So we viewed it as just a really good use of the last $200 million we had left over from the recap plus some organic cash that was sitting around. We're happy with the buybacks and going forward to the extent that we think that’s the best return of value to shareholders. We will continue to do that. We have the Board support, we’ve the Board authorization. If the opportunity is there, we will consider it and act accordingly.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, so there are really two questions in there. One is, within the overall of a quarter, it won't make that much difference and really never has. There will be some days or some nights that might be particularly busy, but within the overall context of quarter I wouldn’t be looking at, at a material move one way or the other. We’re a national advertiser. That actually, your second part of the question that has been an issue in the past. In election years they’re doing local buys and that when we were buying locally it used to be a real issue in Election Years. Because cost do go up, availability gets pretty constraint, and we used to have to spend a fair amount of time working around Election Years as a local buyer. While the answer is, we’re almost entirely a national ad buyer now and as the advertising buys for campaigns are not national typically that vast, vast majority of spend goes into swing states, and so for us it won't be an effect. For those who are buying locally they’re probably spending time trying to figure out how to work around the political buys.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, Matt, it's Jeff. Good question. As we talked about last year third quarter when we kind of had the unexpected actuary of -- unexpectedly large actuarially adjustment, we committed to start doing it twice a year which is what you’re seeing in this quarter. A little bit higher in team USA, a little bit higher in supply chain, probably within a reasonable band, plus or minus, what you can expect when you have a $43 million liability sitting on the balance sheet and certainly materially less than what we did in Q3 last year. So, very Q2 and Q4 you’re going to see that adjustment being flowed through whether it's good, bad or sideways. I think the important thing -- so to answer your question, it could be a little lumpy in those quarters good or bad. I think the important thing for us is, safety teams are in place working hard every day making sure our team members are safer. And yes, I think that will help drive the number and hopefully manage the number better over time, but feel good about where the safety teams are. As you know actuarial studies are -- have a tail off. They have a long memory, then you have to prove to them you are materially better before they give you credit for it. That's what we’re working on right now. And we think long term it won't be as big of an issue certainly as it was in Q3 last year.
Jeff Lawrence: Well, the number on the conversions in total is, you’re looking at about 200 stores in Germany. You’re kind of in the 75’ish range in France, and kind of a similar number in South Africa. Most of the stores are already converted in South Africa and that's been happening over the last year or 18 months and it's still relatively early, it's still quite early in Germany and we’re kind of mid way through or so in France. So, and that's -- so in terms of it adding a point over time, I mean the answer is it's going to add a total of kind of call it 300 stores over the starting 18 months ago until kind of a year or two from now. And then those are done and then we’ve got a base to grow off of in those markets. We were already in France and big in France. But this is really more an entry strategy in South Africa, it was -- our first store there was a conversion of actually the first one was a new build that they’re basically better conversion of those stores there. In Germany we had a very small presence and this conversion of Joey’s is really what’s getting us scale. So, that's kind of more in the onetime events, sort of a category I guess on doing those conversions. So over the long-term as we give long-term guidance on store growth, it won't have any real effect over a three, five, ten year basis. It's going to be a nice onetime bump-up, but it necessarily accelerate on kind of a percentage basis, the store growth level over a long-term.
Jeff Lawrence: Well certainly the potential in Germany is very big, and then you’re looking at a market of what 80, 85 million people. And by the time this conversion is done we’ll be the leader in the market. And so you’re looking at a market that's kind of the same size and scale of call it the UK, maybe even a bit bigger. And so, certainly the potential there is very, very large. We’ve got to get our arms around this conversion and make it work and we’ve got a lot of learning to do there. The team who built Joey’s that we’re converting is still the team running this business. I spent some time with them together within the last month and will be over there I am sure within the next year or so and then our team is over there on the ground, and we feel very good about it. But it's going to take some time to kind of get it where we want to be. Early signs are all positive. France little different, because they’ve already got a scale business there and this is really an acceleration of our path towards kind of full potential. But Germany absolutely could be a big market. It has typically been a tougher market. It's taken us some time to make progress there, and we love the team that's there now. We love DPE and DPG having joint ownership. DPE has brought a team in to work with them. So over time I think it's going to be terrific, but it's certainly going to take some time.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, it's Jeff. As you look at G&A gross versus revenues, you kind of get a bellwether as to how that bounces around, call it 12%, 13% over time. But even that metric is a little goofy, because our revenue is based on FX and supply chain pricing can sway that, it really doesn’t give you a true sense of how it's benchmarking. I think the more important thing is a couple of things. The G&A that we show you is stuff and the increase -- there is stuff that's really driving the business, and it's an inseparable part of these kind of comps, these kind of retail sales growth and these kind of economics for our franchisees. And the other thing is, we don’t show a net G&A, the regulators don’t let us show you that. But there is a non-immaterial amount of franchise contribution sharing the critical investments with us particularly around digital, they’ve always done them on advertising of course, but it's a new world, so they’re contributing on digital as well. We’re not able to really net those two together to show you kind of a true economic picture of how the investments net roll through our P&L, but they’re all in there when you look at EPS and it's just one of the things that gets us comfortable with the investments we’re making, it's in digital, it's in technology, it's in international. And we’re going to continue to make the investments. So I can tell you it's not back office stuff, its stuff that's really driving the results just you’re seeing, and we’re not going to shy away from being aggressive on these investments.
