J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. So I think there are kind of 2 questions in there. One is we want to build on the momentum that we've started to show. I think the most important factor in this, in addition to great work by the development team in getting this going, is that we've improved the economics of the stores. The cash flow coming out of the stores is better, which makes it a better product ultimately for our franchisees to buy and to build. So their return gets better and it's generating more interest and that's ultimately what's generated the store growth and we'd like to continue to build on that. In terms of how the reimaging may affect store growth, I think the answer is at the margin, could it affect it a little bit, probably, but the reality of it is we've got almost 1,000 franchisees in the U.S. The ability to access capital is quite good now particularly for the largest franchisees. And you're still with -- 58 stores being built last year out of nearly 1,000 franchisees, you're still looking at a relatively small minority of our franchisees who are building stores and those are being built by the franchisees, who on average are a little better capitalized, their existing stores are doing better. So ultimately, I don't see it really affecting store growth much. I don't know that I could argue that it wouldn't affect it at all, but I think the overall effect will be pretty modest because you're looking at a relatively small group of well finance-funded franchisees. The other thing that I'd point out that's important was, while we only just announced the specifics of this and the timeframe for this, our franchisees have known for at least a year now. We said quite publicly to them as we were testing this that, look, we're still working through this, but if you're wondering as you're looking at your financing and your cash flow, whether we're going to be mandating this at some point, the answer is yes. And we said that to them almost, I think almost exactly a year ago, very publicly. So they've known this was coming. You've already seen that kind of built in to what was happening in 2013.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. It's really about opening up the kitchens, making them more inviting, making the carryout experience far more positive I think than that it has been. Catering, I mean...
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, absolutely. I mean, it's largely about carryout, but I will tell you even delivery customers want to know where their food is coming from. If they've seen the store once, they're driving by the restaurant, they want to see that it's a good-looking place. And so while this is certainly more going to be about carryout than necessarily delivery, the fact is I think it helps both. It helps the brand overall, which is ultimately going to help sales overall.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. John, I think there are couple of things. First, overall, as you heard in Mike's commentary, I think the team has done a really nice job of controlling kind of the controllable costs. But I think the other thing you are just seeing is the value of variable margin. And as volume is going up, you're leveraging fixed costs, you're leveraging capacity in our supply chain centers. And the team has done a very good job of having that flow down to the bottom line. And what I remind you of is as they're looking at initiatives for making that system more profitable, we're unique in our profit sharing model. So 1/2 of the profits out of our supply chain system are going to our franchisees, and so they're excited when we are able to bring initiatives to them that are going to make it more profitable overall for all of us. But overall, I think the answer is just simply good management of the system combined with importantly, increasing volume going through the system.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, I think GA was pretty flat in the distribution business year-over-year. So what that means is the increased volume that we're putting through is on the contribution margin, there is pretty much flow into the bottom line, which is what gets you some increase in margin overall.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think the answer of that is we did go out and as you say kind of sell it to them, but we do have the ability to mandate it as well contractually, given how long it's been. But I would tell you that the overall take from the system was really very positive. And frankly, I'd even go so far as to say maybe even a little more positive than one would expect when you're going out and asking people to make a pretty substantial reinvestment into their system. They get it, they understand it. Our franchise system is very engaged, I think as engaged and positive about where we are as a brand that I've seen in the 17 years I've been at Domino's. And so overall, the reaction was really quite positive and very quickly kind of moved into questions around implementation, and tell me exactly how quickly I need to do it and what this means for me and relocations and all those sorts of questions. So overall, I think it's really about talking to them about how it's going to continue the momentum in the overall brand as opposed to kind of any specific selling around it. They get it, they understand now it's driving the momentum in the business.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. Well, what I'd say, Jeff, is not kind of get into the breaking down the trends within the fourth quarter or certainly not talk about what's happening in the first quarter. What I will tell you is I think what we've said before, which is on average, bad weather, extreme weather and it actually can be also when it's particularly hot, will be at the margin somewhat more helpful for us than the opposite, but we have not in the past, seen that be a particularly materially effect in over the course of a full quarter. So 3 or 4 inches of snow, coming into a market or a lot of rain or particularly cold or particularly hot will in the short term be helpful to us because of the delivery nature of our business. But it's -- we've never seen it at the point that it is a particularly material change on a full quarter.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I guess the first thing I'd say is referencing kind of our comments at the investor day. Now you know why you we were saying some of the things we were with confidence. I mean, the fourth quarter lapping pan was still very strong, despite the fact that we didn't have new product news coming in. We knew that it was the overall momentum in our business and great advertising and execution and technology coming on the business that was driving what we knew at that point were quite good results in the fourth quarter. That said, I think it would be pretty unusual for us to go in the U.S., a full year without a new product launch. And so while I think you will continue to see far fewer new product launches from us than we may have done 5 or 10 years ago over the course of the year, I also think 0 is not going to be a particularly common outcome either.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think really, we've just seen continued growth on digital. So I don't know that we saw anything kind of more or less than we would have expected given what we were doing with profiles and everything else in the fourth quarter. But what I would point out is that about 10% of our business is people walking into our stores, placing an order there for carryouts. So 90% of our business is order ahead, either over the phone or over digital. And we are now basically right at the point where we are doing just about equal amounts of sales digitally versus over the phone. And so I mean, we've come a long way in just 5 or 6 years on the digital front. We're continuing to see nice robust growth out of that channel. And we think that's going to continue. So nothing particularly unusual in the fourth quarter about the growth, except that it continued to be strong.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I think the answer is as you're doing individual stores, it's pretty modest. But we know what it's going to do to the overall brand. And that's really where it's more important. So it is ultimately going to be about a better customer facing experience overall, with stores that really look like the brand that people are now expecting from Domino's and the experience that they're expecting. And so even as we've put together a terrific digital experience and great service and great advertising and dramatically improved product, they're walking into our stores and they're just not having a comparable experience from entering our stores. And so it's about making that yet one more area, where we're really leading and we think doing it with this image, opening up our kitchens so that people can see the quality of the food that we're using to make their meal is a really positive step forward for us.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, some gets spent locally, but that's relatively small now versus what we're spending at a national level. The percentage of sales is -- that goes into the national fund is going to be consistent in 2014, with what it was in 2013. But if we can continue to generate sales growth and we can continue to generate store growth, that means that the absolute amount will be up year-over-year.
J. Patrick Doyle: Interestingly, I don't know that it necessarily drives more in the way of sales. I would tell you that the larger the screen, the more people can see great food photography and an appetite appeal. And so there may be some very -- I may haven't really thought about it before, but there may be some very small correlation between screen size and ticket size. I don't think it would be particularly big. Now that you've asked the question, I may go back and ask somebody to look at it, but I don't think it's going to have much effect, but at the margin, it might a little bit.
J. Patrick Doyle: Thank you for listening today, and I look forward to reporting our first quarter results to you in early May.
Michael T. Lawton: Well, as you can see we're continuing to do both. In terms of the use of cash, we've increased the dividend nicely. And the fact that we're continuing to buy shares both fourth quarter and as I said on the first quarter, gives you an indication of our intentions that we're going to keep doing both ends. As it relates to the deleveraging, we're currently at about 4.5x EBITDA. That's right in the middle of the range that we've talked about as being appropriate for us, which we think is somewhere up 6% on the high end and 3% on the low end, 6x -- 6x on the high end, 3x on the low end times EBITDA. And so we're very comfortable where we're at. Obviously, we'll continue to look at where that takes us over time.
Michael T. Lawton: Yes. As you're pointing out correctly, cheese prices are at very high levels. They've come down a little bit, but they're very high. We certainly do expect that to moderate and most of the other commodities that we've got we think are going to be in pretty decent shape for the year. But if cheese prices stayed where they are, my forecast of down 0 to 2% would certainly be inaccurate.
Michael T. Lawton: I would think that whenever you look at commodity pressures, you've got that tendency to raise prices and it's easier to not raise prices and continue to do what's right for the customer to keep your prices at the price points that they're looking for as long as possible when you're running good volume through your stores. And as you saw for the past year, each of the last 4 quarters, at least, what we've been talking about is we've had good solid order count growth. We were getting it in the prior years as well. I would certainly hope that, that puts us in a stronger position to withstand short-term commodity bumps than somebody who is being stretched out on lesser volume.
Michael T. Lawton: We're in pretty good shape as it relates to volume. We do continue to make some investments just because some of the plants are older in some cases, and the investments that we're making are more to maintain the productivity or in some cases, improve them. But there's enough capacity out there in general that you won't see a lot of CapEx going into supply-chain just because we need to expand capacity in the U.S. We're in pretty good shape.
