J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. Thanks, Karen. I think, if you look at the UK, I mean, clearly consumer confidence has been a little bit weaker, but at the end of the day we got to execute in any environment and the team over there is very, very focused on it. I think with consumers where they are, we've got to make sure that we're getting our value offer right, that we're getting our advertising right, and I think, there are – I know that there are things in the works to make sure that we're addressing those things in the UK, and that they're going to do it in the relatively near term. So there's a terrific team there. It's an overwhelmingly sub-franchised market and there are great sub- franchisees there. They know how to execute, we know how to execute there. And I'm confident that they're going to get this on track. But certainly there's been a little bit of a shift in the environment there and we've got to make sure that we're listening to the customers and getting it right.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. We've got new leadership from just 18 months ago in our supply chain now, and Troy has built kind of a fairly new team at the top there, and they've done a full re-think of where we are. I think at the end of the day, the model is going to remain very much the same that we've executed in terms of our own centers and how we're doing it. But as we look at our footprints of centers, more centers that are delivering fewer miles, I think, is going to drive greater efficiency for us. So the team has gone through some terrific kind of analysis around how are we going to optimize costs, and those options could have included growing the size and capacity of the existing centers. I think while there will be some of that in a few centers, you are going to see us open some more centers over the next few years. You know, we talked about the first one in the Northeast that we've now got a lease signed and they've turned the building over to us and we're starting to swing hammers there, and that is basically a year process to get that opened. There will be others down the road. But what you're going to see is us kind of expanding the footprint in the number of centers, which ultimately drives transportation efficiencies in those centers.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, Peter. You know what? It's – it is honestly the same story we've been saying for a while. So our goal is to be nice and boring and consistent on this. The answer is it is a number of factors. So it is loyalty. It is almost all orders and only a little bit of ticket in the second quarter. You've got some from kind of just digital and what we're doing and getting more effective on digital media. Loyalty is clearly a big one. A little bit of a boost from television, both GRPs and, I think, the effectiveness of our advertising. And, you know, you've got a little bit of market growth out there as well. Not a lot, but the category is up I think a point or two points. And so add to that operational execution and our franchisees and our Team USA stores investing in giving customers better service in the face of some pressure on wage rates, which is ultimately giving our customers a better experience, we'll take that trade off. So, it's a combination of really a lot of things. Our model and analytics give us pretty good read on kind of exactly how that's contributing and honestly, it is a fairly long list of a number of things that are doing it.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, John, so first, I don't think it really is kind of operational execution issue. Those can always get better and there are always opportunities there. I think, it's more around making sure we're getting value right, that we're getting the offering right. I think that is more the issue and frankly those are the things that we can control. If you look in the UK at kind of the other delivery options, I think, our perception to date, and it's frankly the same in the U.S., you've got a growing number of players in that space. We simply are not seeing that affecting our business at this point. The one thing that I would say in the UK that's interesting, we don't know that it's had any material effect, but you do see increasing amounts of advertising from the Deliveroos and Just Eats and some of the other players in that market. So if you look at share of voice on a broad basis, and include kind of all of the delivery options, there are more advertising there. But to date, from a direct competitive pressure and are people choosing to swap out occasions with other food for pizza, we just aren't seeing that. And we clearly are not seeing that in the U.S. and I think the only thing that we're looking at that's just interesting is share of voice within food delivery more broadly in the UK.
J. Patrick Doyle: And that's to fund more investments into the technical – into technology. So from your perspective, if that fee changes, understand that, that is going to be coming with increased investments as well. So for the time being it is $0.21. But if there were an increase, it's going to be about making more investments into technology.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. It's still in the same range we've been in. So kind of 60% plus. And I guess what I would say is our pattern has been very, very consistent on this. That in the fall into the winter is when we see that tend to ramp up seasonally, and then it tends to go flat in the spring through the summer. And that has been consistent for five years, six years, seven years, eight years now. So we're right in that 60% range as we have been. And ramps tend to happen a little bit later in the year and early into the following year.
J. Patrick Doyle: Matt, the answer remains the same as it's always been, which is we go through the analysis at the time and look at what we think is going to help generate the best returns for our shareholders. We are completely agnostic as to what we're going to do. And as you mentioned, we've done pretty much everything since we've been a public company. We have paid special dividends. We commenced a regular dividend. We've done share buybacks. And there was even a point about a decade ago during the crisis that we were buying in debt when we could do it at $0.50, $0.60, $0.70 on the dollar. So we come to each of these decisions separately, look at the set of facts that we have in front of us, and make our decision based on that. And our board will be making that decision shortly, as Jeff said.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, I think the answer is because of our geographic coverage in the U.S., we know where delivery services are well-developed and where they're not, and so we can look at New York and Los Angeles and Chicago and big markets where those services – San Francisco, big markets where those services may be more penetrated, whereas you get into smaller markets and they're not available at all in smaller towns. And then can break those markets apart and see whether or not there is kind of differentiation in results, and we're just not seeing it. It just does not show – any way we cut the numbers, it does not show up in our results today as pressuring our comps. And you can argue that at some point, it actually will grow the delivery business in general. But what I would add to that, I've said before but would reiterate, a lot of these delivery services are finding out very quickly that delivery is a lot harder than they thought it was going to be. And some of them are already gone, and there are others who are still kind of understanding what the economics look like around this. And for it to work, it's got to work for the driver, it's got to work for the restaurant, it's got to work for the company providing that service, and it's got to work for the customer. There's got to be value creation for all four of those parties to have a successful delivery business. And I think that there's still a lot of learning going on in this space around how difficult it is to make all of that work. Fortunately, we have 57 years of learning around how to make delivery efficient on food, and our advantages there seem to be holding up very, very well.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. So our growth in the second quarter was overwhelmingly orders. Ticket was up just a little bit and we don't see the competitive situation to be really any – materially any different than it has been in the past.
J. Patrick Doyle: Okay. So there were a few in there. So first, international markets in general are actually less competitive in pizza than our domestic market on average. There are certainly exceptions to that, but the category is growing faster outside of the U.S. than inside the U.S. The competitive set is generally less restricted and 95% of the people in the world live outside of the U.S. and the pizza category is probably a little over double the size internationally what it is in the U.S. So clearly far less-developed, less competition, more opportunity to grow. What I would say though is are we looking at kind of competitive pressures domestically and is there any change there? Really the answer is no. There has been no material change on that front. The broad story remains the same that it has been domestically, which is larger players taking share from smaller players. And certainly we've been doing better than the rest of the large players over the course of last few years. But I still believe that the longer-term story is the competitive advantage that scale brings to the larger players versus the smaller players. In terms of technology, internationally and where we stand, our penetration of digital orders internationally is a little bit lower on average than it is domestically. I would say that the sophistication of our markets around how technology is getting used today ranges from markets doing a terrific job on this, to there are still markets that don't have digital ordering today, smaller ones. And we've now got our offering with our global online ordering and are bringing markets onto that. But I think that there remains still on average a little more opportunity in international to do some of the things we've been doing domestically. And so when you look at our international performance and areas where we think we can improve, one of them is in the digital space. And as part of what gives us confidence about longer-term growth in the international business is there are still things in the toolkit that have not been applied in all of our international markets that we know work, and it just takes some time to roll those all out.
J. Patrick Doyle: UK is very developed on digital, and as their digital penetration is very high in the UK. So they've done a good job there overall. There are always opportunities, and there are things that in our conversations with them that we share with them, but frankly they share with us too. And they rolled out digital ordering in the UK nationally before we did in the U.S. So learning can go in both directions.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. So they actually decide they want delivered pizza, and then they decide the brand on average. And that's part of where we've been making gains is, we make it so easy for somebody who says they want to get pizzas delivered to make us the choice. So we've got everything set up in the Pizza Profile and make it possible for them to order from anywhere, with any technology they're interacting with. I mean that's part of what's been driving the growth that we've had. There are certainly a lot of people who are experimenting with delivery now. And with only a couple of exceptions, Panera has been starting to add their own drivers. Most of them are using third-party delivery services. And what I would reiterate is it's got to work for the driver, the restaurant, the customer, and the people providing that delivery service. And getting all of that right, getting that balanced is a challenge, and I think there are a lot of folks who are kind of understanding how much that's a challenge. But look, we are watching it very carefully. We understand this marketplace very well. We are looking at all of these different players and understanding where people may be doing things well, and where they're not doing it well, and we will take good ideas anywhere we can find them. But 57 years of doing delivery ourselves has given us an awful lot of knowhow, and remains a real competitive advantage. And I would reiterate, we have seen in the more developed markets from other options on delivery zero effect on our sales.
J. Patrick Doyle: Absolutely no change is the short answer. Our price point, two medium two tops for $5.99 has been the same for, what, eight, nine years now, and our loyalty program has been very consistent with how we launched it. We did one-week promotion around that earlier, but otherwise, everything has remained very, very consistent from a pricing standpoint, both in terms of what we're doing and in terms of kind of the competitive set. We're just not seeing a lot of change out there.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. It's part of the investments that we've been making and that you're seeing in G&A as we've been adding to the team who can support and onboard international markets. And one of the priorities to-date has been getting some of these smaller markets and medium-sized markets on our platform that weren't offering digital, and those are, frankly, less efficient. If you're onboarding an island in the Caribbean that has two stores but has a different tax structure, you still have to do some customization around that and we've been investing in our ability to roll out in more and more countries, adding stores and making sure that everybody around the world is able to access the brand digitally. And so that's part of what the ramp-up has been in terms of G&A investment, along with a lot of other things in technology, adding new capabilities and new platforms and all of that. But that's been part of the investment is adding to the team who's able to support it internationally.
J. Patrick Doyle: And I'm going to add one thing on that which is I'll first clarify, so on labor rate. So our team actually leveraged labor hours. So the increase in labor is more than all-in wage rate versus hours, so they were still getting some efficiency in the hours used and it's not just minimum wage. There is pressure out there on wages in general as the labor market continues to strengthen and that's a really high-class problem. When strength in the labor market is putting pressure on rates that's the way you want to see it working and we are always going to be conservative about reacting to that with pricing to our customers. So it is far easier to make a short-term move on pricing and protect a little bit of margin. We don't think that's the right answer. We pay what we need to pay to keep our stores staffed and give our customers great service. When there is pressure on those wage rates, we're going to be cautious of passing that through because we want to make sure that we're getting that right. And so when you're seeing some of this movement, you may see a little bit of a lag in the short-term. It may have some effect on margins and then we kind of fine-tune pricing where we can but we want to be conservative around that. And I would add, our franchisees are prospering right now. They're doing very, very well, but I would applaud their discipline around this as well. They want to make sure that they're taking care of the customers. They're putting that first and then where we take some price, it's done conservatively and cautiously to make sure that we're not going to chase off customers.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I think, look, DPG is a public company, so I think getting into the specifics, we will always let them kind of talk about the real specifics there. But I guess what I would say is we're confident in their ability to manage through that and in terms of the share of voice, the pizza category in 2016 had exactly half of the share of voice on delivered foods. So if you look at Domino's and Pizza Hut and Papa John's in the UK in 2016, collectively we spent exactly the same amount on advertising that Deliveroo did and Just Eat and some of the others and that's a change. So I'll let them kind of answer around the specifics on pressure on hiring drivers. There is certainly some, but I think it's very manageable. But the advertising one is interesting. We don't know that it's having an effect, but it's certainly something that we're watching.
J. Patrick Doyle: Thank you all for your interest in getting on the call, and we look forward to discussing our third quarter results with you on October 12.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Hey, Greg. It's Jeff. Yeah. In Q2 versus Q2 last year, we had a 1.8 percentage point headwind from insurance cost. That's primarily a year-over-year increase in the actuarial update for workers compensation and auto liability program that we run for our 400 corporate stores. It's an area where we continue to invest behind in safety teams and want to make sure we continue to get the culture right. Quite frankly, the results aren't what we want them to be. We're going to continue to focus on it very aggressively, and we hope that we can post better results on that line item in the future.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yes, not in the comps for the U.S. business, but it is in franchise revenues on the income statement.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah, Matt. It's Jeff. So when we think about building a new supply chain center, you can think about anywhere between order of magnitude $10 million and $20 million, depending on if we pick up the tenant improvements or the landlord does. And again, that's just an economic decision that we'll make on each of the centers separately based on those facts. But a big new building, think somewhere between 60,000 and 100,000 square feet, full capacity between $10 million and $20 million. We certainly believe that we have more than one of these to build, as Patrick has talked about over the medium term. So we got the first site identified. We got the lease. We're starting to swing hammers. We feel pretty confident that there will be another one to follow pretty quickly. And again, these are great capital problems to have. If we're needing to put money into the capacity of supply chain, that is the best capital dollars that I can spend. So, expect it to be material, expect it to be material over time, and again, as for the timing of each individual center, when we get closer, we'll announce that.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah, this is Jeff. First thing I'd tell you is that we're not updating our guidance right now on G&A as we sit here today. A long way to go for the rest of the year. Certainly, if we did outperform, particularly given our internal plan, we – you know, we have the opportunity to go higher on G&A, and we would announce – update the guidance for that particular time when we felt comfortable. As far as what we're going to invest in, and when we're going to invest in it and to what amount. I think, Patrick has said it very clearly before, when we see really good ideas, whether it's in technology, marketing, analytics, supply chain, we're going to put the money whether it gets classified as G&A or something else in the P&L, we're just going to chase those good ROI projects. And so, again, no update to guidance right now. But our mindset around what we invest in and when we invest in it has not changed.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. So we really hesitate to call anything one-time because we have to get it right regardless of what the line item is. We view insurance cost both to our supply chain and our Team USA businesses as largely something that we can invest behind and hopefully have a positive impact on. We certainly did not see that in Q2 in the corporate store business as we updated our independent actuarial models. And as a result, we had to take that hit in Q2, but what I can tell you is, again, we think it's something that we are investing behind. We're not seeing the results that we want yet. Certainly the more you deliver, the more activity you have, the more opportunity you have for auto accidents or workers' compensation claims, things like that. But we just have to do better in this area. We're investing behind it and so we hope that over time, volume adjusted, we can – we'd hopefully outperform a little bit.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. I mean, if you look at the year-over-year changes, the biggest thing we had Q2 versus Q2 is the insurance, which I've already talked about. We think that remains an opportunity area for us, not only for the financial ramifications but more importantly, we just owe it to our employees to continue this culture of safety that we have and get better results. On labor, we were up 70 basis points year-over-year. That really was all and more of labor rate at our stores that we run. Again, only 400 stores, but we're in pockets that include New York and Arizona, which both had minimum wage increases. And so as minimum wage rate increases that are on the books or new ones are enacted, it could be a percentage of labor headwinds for us. And then you go up and down. Food hasn't been that big of a deal for us this year. It's been pretty benign. I think when you add it all up and you move away from the percentages, I think it's important to note that despite all these headwinds we have made more money at the margin line in Team USA year-to-date than we did through six months last year. So driving those transaction counts, being consistent with pricing and promotion that Patrick spoke about, I think at least gives you a chance to be competitive when it comes to bottom line dollars here, and that has certainly been our focus as we try to balance some of these headwinds.
