Ritch Allison: Brian, we were pleased with the fourth quarter last year the 4.2% was within our three to five-year outlook that we've been giving you guys for quite some time. And we don't see any material --didn't see any material challenges back then that gave us cause for concern. When we take a look at the momentum in the business this year and on a multi-year stack looking backwards, we're very pleased with the performance.
Ritch Allison: We are in the midst with our partner Domino's Pizza enterprises of a conversion of Hallo Pizza in Germany as we speak. So, Brian that is a work in progress and conversions are --has been happening for several months now, and will continue to go forward in the months to come. We won't comment on any specific unit count impact as it is --it's an ongoing process.
Ritch Allison: Sure, thanks Greg. And yes, you are correct, 3% to 6% is our three to five-year outlook. So thank you for correcting me on that. First, around the business in Europe, our three other regions were very strong in Q3, but within the Europe region, we've got a couple of markets where we've got some improvements to address. And some of those are short-term, and some of those are going to take you a little bit of time. When I take a look at the business over there, the issues that we have are by and large in our master franchisees control. And we share a joint commitment. Take whatever steps we need to get the business back to the performance on comps that we're all used to. If you take a look at it holistically in Europe, I still feel very positive about our overall market position. We still have strong cash on cash returns across the region. And our retail sales growth performance has still been quite solid even in the face of a quarter where we didn't achieve the comp result that we'd like to see.
Ritch Allison: Sure, David. We're very pleased with what has now been a multi-year acceleration of the pace of unit growth in the US. And certainly the strategy of fortressing and driving retail sales growth plays a big part of that. Also the fact that we have seen consistently improving over the last couple of years, store level profitability which as we've reported out to you has been in the mid - 130 on a store level basis. If that's driving a lot of confidence in the franchisee base in building new stores. You combine that with the fact that we've got a lot of stores out there in the US right now that are really busy. On Friday and Saturday nights, we've got some stores where we have a tough time putting in incremental pizza in the oven because they're so busy. Take all of that, you roll in a historically low rate of closures in the business, and it's driven a nice acceleration. And we're very optimistic about US store growth going forward. We've shared with you that we think the US within a 10-year horizon is an 8,000 store business. And so, we're optimistic about the forward growth also.
Ritch Allison: I think labor is tight in any business in the US today. And we were certainly no exception of that with unemployment now under 4% for a while, but our franchisees out there are making it happen. And they are hiring drivers; the fact that our drivers are so busy helps us. When we take a look at what a driver can make at a Domino's Pizza relative to delivering or driving for some other businesses, it's very, very attractive. But, yes, labor pressures are certainly on the minds of our franchisees. On the flip side of that, the one of the things that yes, or the thing that drives sales of pizza as much as anything is having people gainfully employed and earning good wages out in the marketplace. So as the number one player in the pizza business, we also get a nice top size benefit from a strong labor market.
Ritch Allison: Yes. Hotspots --it's been a really fun program for us. It's another one of our anywhere platforms with our goal of making Domino's Pizza accessible to our customers anytime and anywhere they want it. What I've been most pleased about on this is just the terrific brand engagement that we've seen on this platform. And it starts with our franchisees who've set up these 200,000 plus Hotspots around the country. Our customers who have been excited about the program and also this has got terrific amount of media attention as well, which is been quite a bit of fun. So, overall, we're quite pleased with the program.
Ritch Allison: Yes. John, we're in --as you are aware we're in a very fragmented category. And if we have a competitor donating share it doesn't simply fall in our pocket. We've got to earn it. And sometimes share that's donated doesn't necessarily all fall into the pizza category as well. And that specific competitor has a relatively small share within the category. Yes, so the impact of this on the overall landscape isn't necessarily as heavy as some might assume.  When we take a look at the category overall, we're really more focused on our own competitive strategy than we are on kind of short-term ups and downs with any specific competitor. And we think if we can continue to stay focused on bringing value to our customers and also on delivering terrific unit level economics to our franchisees, we think we can continue to be successful and can continue to take share from competitors small and large in the pizza market.
Ritch Allison: Peter, first of all, on the overall market, we aren't seeing any significant swings one way or another on the --on what is just a pretty steady, low single-digit growth of the category in the US. And then globally, the pizza category continuing to grow. We believe in that 3% to 5% range. So no significant changes that we've seen there. And with respect to closures, as I commented earlier, in our business the very strong unit level economics have led to our franchisees maintaining confidence in keeping their stores open. Seven closures across the entire US year-to-date.  As you look elsewhere broadly across the industry, I don't have any specific comments about closures at competitors small or large, but what I will say is that over time my experience has always taught me that it's going to follow unit level economics. And if we have players in the marketplace that are struggling to generate returns at the unit level then that's what's going to drive, that's what's going to drive either closures on the downside or openings on the upside going forward.
Ritch Allison: Sure. Sara I think you used exactly the right word in your question which was the word consistent and that's really been the key within our system. So we've been on our $5.99 mix-and-match which is our hero offer in delivery. We have been on that for effectively about nine years now. And in our carry out business for multiple years now we've been consistently at our $7.99 offer there. And the key with value is consistency because it's really hard to offer those price points in the marketplace if you're not driving volume growth over time. And you can't just jump on value for a quarter or for one promotional window, and jump back out of it again. That is --that's just not a recipe to driving long- term transaction count gains in the business. And everything that we have experienced here at Domino's in the US and in our other large international markets is that it is that transaction count growth over time that correlates not only with sales growth, but with profit growth. And staying consistent and focused on that value has helped us to drive the kinds of unit level profitability numbers that you've seen --that you've seen from us over time. So consistency and alignment is the key. Franchisees also have at levers at their fingertips as well with local menu pricing with how they price their delivery charges et cetera that allow them outside of the national price point to manage pricing and some of the profit dynamics in their business at a local level as well. And we think that that mix of a strong consistent national price point with flexibility at the local franchisee level is the recipe for a profitable and growing business.
Ritch Allison: We don't monitor franchisee staffing at the local level. They're independent business owners. And that's their job to track and manage their staffing at a local level. Certainly, as we look broadly across the business service is --it's critically important to us. And it plays, Chris, into the fortressing strategy that we have been driving in the business getting our stores closer to the customer is going to help obviously with that service dimension, but also when we get our stores closer to the customer, our drivers can execute more runs per hour because the distances are shorter and more runs per hour means happier customers. And it also means more tips which helps us to attract and retain delivery drivers into our business over time.
Ritch Allison: Well, thanks, Jeff. First you keep in mind that 6% to 8% unit growth outlook is a three to five year range in terms of outlook specifically related to the third quarter. We were pleased to see the pickup in international growth 173 net units in the third quarter. We were pleased with what we saw there. And when we take a look forward at the medium and the long term, we've got solid unit economics across the international business. And that's across all of the regions that we operate in. And that is really the leading indicator of what is going to have --it gives us confidence in that 6% to 8% unit growth range that we give you on a global basis. And then as we've talked about previously on this call, the unit level economics in our business in the US also continue to be very, very strong at a level of returns that encourage our franchisees to invest their hard earned dollars into building Domino's Pizza stores.
Ritch Allison: Sure, well, Jeremy, start with your -- I'll start with your first question. When I think about the composition of store growth in international. The good news there is that it has been a pretty balanced portfolio of growth if you look over time. In that we continue to get strong store growth out of long established core markets and you've seen that the last couple years in places like the UK and Australia for example. While also driving a strong growth in some of the newer or more emerging markets that we've got around the world. And you've seen a lot of units over the last couples years come from places like India and Russia and Brazil and places that are relatively undeveloped for us. When I take a look forward, honestly, I don't see a lot of change in that dynamic. We still have very attractive unit level returns in our core markets, and also a good bit of white space for growth in those markets. If you take a look at the top 15 markets that we operate in by unit count, there are still another 4,000-5,000 units of opportunity available in those places. And then beyond that markets that wouldn't appear on that list like places like China and Russia. And places like that where we're optimistic about the forward growth in some of those emerging markets as well. And having this balanced portfolio really helps us over time because frankly not all markets are going to be performing it at any particular point in time. So you need that balanced portfolio to be able to consistently drive unit growth in that 6% to 8% range. I'll turn now to your second question. We have a really deep partnership with our master franchisees around the world. And I think that is one of the things that have allowed us to be successful over a sustained period of time. So our teams work side by side with our master franchisee teams to make sure that we're driving the business forward with our customers in those marketplaces, but also working hand in hand on the unit level economics in the business as well. So it's not so much stepping in with capital or other financial support as it is really making sure that we are taking the best of the learnings that we have whether that's from here in the US or from the more than 85 countries that we operate in, and making sure that we don't repeat some of the same mistakes and making sure that we take advantage of those things that work. So that's how we look at it is really a partnership that is driven by a shared set of expectations and a shared opportunity to create value for DPZ and for our master franchisees.
Ritch Allison: Sure, well, the first and foremost the opportunity is there to continue to drive frequency among folks that buy from Domino's already. And when the loyalty program was first developed, our piece of the pie rewards program three years ago, the foundation of that program was built on driving frequency. That's why points are earned based on the number of purchases as opposed to the amount of dollars that are spent. So as we look across the landscape, we still see a significant amount of opportunity to get the customers who buy from us already to buy more. Also getting trial is important as well and reducing these kinds of veto votes that may keep folks away from Domino's is important. That's one of the reasons that you saw one of the few product introductions that we've done over the last couple of years was with salads. And that was a way to attract potentially some customers and some households into the brand that maybe otherwise weren't using us before, but I see --I still see lots of opportunity and driving frequency.
Ritch Allison: And then Jon to the second part of your question on market share. One of the great things about this segment of the QSR industry is that we as the market leader is still only sell about one in six pizzas that are sold in the U.S., and only about one in fifteen that are sold outside the U.S. So I think there is significant headroom for market share growth. If you take a look at benchmarks across other segments of QSR, whether you're looking at burgers or coffee or chicken or other places, the market leader is typically going to have a 25% or higher share. And we see that in some of our own Domino's businesses around the world as well. So in my opinion lots of room to continue to grow, and that's really where we're focused, is on continuing to do what we do really well. I like the fact that we have more than 300,000 people around the world wearing the Domino's logo who wake up every day and think about selling more Domino's Pizza. And as long as we've got a lot of runway for growth, I want to remain focused and not distracted by trying to take some elements of our business across to other brands or other sectors of the restaurant industry.
Ritch Allison: Well, thanks everybody. And we look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day on Thursday, January 17, following the ICR Conference. And we also look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2018 results on Thursday, February 21st. 
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, Karen, it's Jeff. In supply chain, we've really taken our role as the franchisor seriously. We're investing materially as you know both in capability building, as well as capacity building as Ritch mentioned in his prepared remarks, we were super excited to get our first supply chain center in more than a decade open and running. Our dough balls running down the line as we speak in Edison, New Jersey.  And that's something that we're going to continue to do. It's a great division. Guys are working really hard and our franchisees need that comfort that we're going to continue to get them high quality. Safe food supply so that they have the confidence to continue to grow. They have that confidence in our supply chain. We're going to continue to invest again in even more capacity and more capabilities over time. As I mentioned, I believe it was last quarter, we raised our guidance on CapEx for 2018 to reflect the fact and the optimism and where we're going in the US business to pull forward supply chain centers number two and three in the US. So a lot of opportunity for improvement there like we have in lots of parts of our businesses, but it's a great business, a good ROI and most importantly getting good food supply to our franchisees in the US and Canada.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, Matt. It's Jeff. The $370 million to $375 million remains the guide and that is inclusive some of the noise that you see including the gain. So it's inclusive of that. We're guiding to the low end of that range or near the low end of that range in part because of that gain that you saw from the store sale. So it kind of --I think compensates for that a little bit. As far as the rate and pace, basically what we're probably going to continue to give you is just one year at a time is our best guess on what's going to go into G&A because we are in such a dynamic environment. We have been in periods where we've decided to accelerate some strategic investments if we see the opportunity in the marketplace. And so given one year at a time is what we feel responsible to do now. So in any one quarter you might always get some bounce around things like that, but $370 million to $375 million is what we'll invest this year. Again, possibly at the lower end of that range, but again if we outperform in Q4, that's going to go up, you have things like advertising that flows through and corporate stores and such. And if we underperform, we could be at even the lower end or below the range.  So I think the key point here is it continues --the increases continue to go in strategic areas. It's in marketing. It's an analytics. It's in technology. It's in the things that are driving the profitable retail sales for franchisees around the world. And that you're going to see more of not less up as we go forward.
Jeff Lawrence: Hey, Alton. It's Jeff. On aggregators, we don't have that much more to add than what we've already said, been saying over the last 18 months to two years. It's more about what we're doing. Our strategies are great execution in more than 90 markets around the world. And we are -- as you see again we're hitting more often than not in that 8% to 12% global retail sales growth with really good flow through to the bottom line. So I don't think we have anything really to add to the conversation around these aggregator phenomena other than to tell you that that we're going to grow regardless.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. John, this is Jeff. The first thing I would tell you is the overarching way that we view the business is to be front footed and really try to invest to get the gains that we want. We're not going to take our foot off the gas pedal and just hope that things continue to get better, we can continue to perform in a high fashion. We really want to make sure that we're targeted with incremental investments in the areas that we think, we are again, drive the consumer experience, drive great franchise economics, all those things roll together, hopefully we can do double-digit retail sales growth out into the next three to five years. We are not a brand that is going to circle a number and say, G&A must be this percentage of revenues or this percentage of retail sales. We think that's limiting and we think that ultimately-- if we had that kind of mentality over the last 3, 5, 10 years, we would not be sitting in the competitive position that we are today. So we are going to continue to be front footed. We're going to continue to take smart risks to Ritch's prepared remarks. I've been at the brand now for almost 19 years. I think the courage that Patrick and now Ritch have shown, our franchisees have shown to take on the really difficult challenges of the quick-service restaurant industry and continue to fight through and win is really energizing not only for the folks here in this building, but more importantly the franchisees and team members and 90 markets around the world. So we're going to continue to be front footed. We're going to continue to try to make the right choices. We're not going to run out the clock John. We are going to --we are going to be aggressive and try to grow share.
Jeff Lawrence: Hey, Jon. This is Jeff. I'll take your comp/hurricane question then I'll take it over to Ritch for the second part of your question. The short answer is last year and in this year, we did not see a material either benefits or detriment to the U.S. comps because of weather including hurricanes or anything else. To the extent that we do see measurable stuff like that in the future we'll point it out, but it's --I know everybody in the industry like to talk about weather when things aren't as good, but for us it wasn't either last year or this year a material part of our comp performance.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, Steven, this is Jeff. Our guidance for 2018, as you may recall is 2% to 4% up on the food basket that our U.S. franchisees are expecting. We're not updating that guidance at this point. Year-to-date we are in that kind of 3% to 4% range. So we're at the high end of that, but our franchisees have done a great job at executing at the local level driving volume and continuing to drive really good dollar profit in their operations. So no change to the food basket guidance in 2018. And as far as it relates to 2019, we're not giving any commentary or guidance on that today.
