Patrick Doyle: Now I mean, we really feel good about it. I mean if you kind of adjust out the New Year’s Day which will come back in the first quarter kind of the same half point, rolling over a 12.2 from the previous year with accelerating store growth through the end of the year we feel very good about it.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. So you probably saw that Domino’s Pizza enterprises out of Australia already released last week. There was some weakness in Japan in particular, but overall, we feel very good about the business. They have had a leadership change in Japan now. We are getting a little focused on value there. It’s been a great business. I think it’s going to continue to be a great business there. And you may have seen in their release, they already called out the first I think 5 or 6 weeks of results heading into the New Year and those were already doing better. So, I think we feel good about the business over the medium and long-term and again you already saw some reacceleration of that business early in 2018.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. The only thing Karen, I would add to what Jeff just said is you did see confirmation from our competitor on their retail sales last year. We are now bigger than which we have called out at Investor Day, but I will tell you our terrific procurement team may have made sure that all of our supply partners are aware of the fact that we are the largest and expect to be treated that way and so scale matters and the fact that we are now the largest globally and in the U.S. in the pizza industry matters and clearly we are going to press that with our partners.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. And Greg, on the aggregator, we really talked about this at length at Investor Day in January and first of all the comments that came out of Australia, they are testing using some of the ordering portals, but not delivery and they are going to continue to control the customer experience and we think that’s very important. A reminder nobody does more restaurant orders digitally than us and nobody does more delivery than Domino’s. We understand the economics of that, the customer behavior related to both the ordering and delivery process better than anybody. And we have built real competitive advantage over the years by doing it ourselves. So accessing orders and customer base is something that’s been tested many in places, but the delivery process and the efficiency of the delivery process is something that we know and understand very, very well. And that’s not something that you are ever going to see it’s outsourced, because we believe as we have said in January, the only way to build long-term competitive advantage is to do something yourself. So if you use of third-party, you are basically decide this is something where we are not going to build competitive advantage. And if you do it yourself, the only reason to do it yourself is because you think you can do it better than you could do by accessing third-parties.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I will answer fist and then kick it over to Jeff. First of all $4 million is just the game, that’s not the sale price. But what we have said in the past is we are always going to look at kind of our corporate stores and where they are. These stores that were sold were stores that were a little bit further out geographically from some of our others. We are also building stores, increasing density in some places, where we are already operating. So this is kind of within the range of if you will ongoing portfolio management of our corporate stores and the specifics and I will kick it over to Jeff.
Patrick Doyle: Well, it’s something that’s – that we have looked at. I guess what I would say is, first you are going to start to by saying okay, what is order aggregation. So I could argue today that Google is an order aggregator, right because there are lot of people who are looking for food go in and they start the process by Googling the restaurant they wants to go to. And we use that. We buy keywords like our competitors do and a pretty reasonable portion of our sales wind up going through portals like that. So as those portals evolve, how we use them and the return on investment for those, we are always going to look at that. But if you look at the largest order aggregator in the U.S. today they are charging 15% of ticket on average to restaurants that you are big, you are going to pay less than that and that’s without delivery, that’s something that for us is clearly not economic. Our franchisees are paying $0.25 which is a little bit over 1% and that’s why we have got our loyalty program we are generating the data. It just is it’s a terrific experience for the customer if they are going through us, it all ties into our point of sale system. So it’s easier and more efficient in the stores. So the answer is never say never because pricing may change dramatically and kind of how people operate as portals may change. So it’s certainly something we are looking at, but is that a big near-term opportunity moving outside of the places where we are sourcing today, I don’t think the economics support it, but those economics may well change over time.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I mean really no different than what we said before, it certainly those aggregators today are stronger in urban areas. If you dig down into their economics, their economics deal – they still struggle with how to take care of the customer, the driver of the restaurant. There likely been more articles coming out around the struggles that restaurants are seeing and in generating incremental volume out of that. But in terms of how that’s shifting there really is not been a real change in that.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I mean again it wasn’t a bunch of commodity inflation or food basket inflations for us on the whole in 2017, up a couple of points which was – which is basically in the range that we told you we would be in, a little bit more in the back half than the front half of 2017. But again that’s kind of split here is a little bit – the point was it was pretty favorable for the restaurants and going into ‘18 again a 2% to 4% over a real good ‘17 year. We don’t think commodities are going to be something that has an impact – a big impact on our store economics.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. John I think it’s interesting. If you look back over the course of 2017, we had a little bit of a slowdown early in the year with the UK. And the UK is very much back on track. India had a period of time where it slowed down and it is now doing very, very well again. I think it’s just a function of you are always going to do your best with the research that you have and make as logical decisions as you can, but every once in a while you just don’t get it right. And when you saw the release from DPE about Japan, they talked about a promotion during the Christmas holiday time period that hasn’t worked out well for them. And I have been look, it was just a misfire. And what I would point out is a reminder that – when they released their results, their first half results for them that was a half, but the problem that they were talking about was all within the fourth quarter as it was leading into the holiday. And you already then saw them talking about how they were doing at the beginning of 2018. So, part of the fixable comment was frankly, normally, I wouldn’t talk about something within the quarter, but they had already released those numbers as part of DPE and it was already doing better. So clearly, it was flexible. So, I think the overall answer John is we are always giving opinions as asked and we are talking to them about what we think the right approach is going to be, but ultimately that’s the decision of the master franchisee and we have got phenomenal master franchisees who understands their local markets and the dynamics there better than wherever going to and most of the time because of now multiple decades of positive quarterly performance, they do a pretty good job. Every once in a while they are going to miss. And in 2017, it seemed to kind of rotate around the world who have a little bit of a miss, but everybody is good at this and we are confident that they can get it back on track.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, I think there are, I mean and it is part of why if you look at our point-of-sale system that is now in the majority of our international stores that means we have got better access to data not only for us, but for them, because we are making sure that the data is being cleaned properly and that it’s going to help them make good decisions. And we still have a relatively small number of or small percentage of our stores on our online ordering platform outside of the U.S. It’s currently what 1,700 – 1,300 stores outside of U.S. on that platform. So that helps. So when we can do that, it gives us a little bit more visibility into it, I guess that kind of leads towards a bit more of your shared services comment, but it is why we think that’s important and why you continue to see more and more markets that are getting on to our platform.
Patrick Doyle: No, I mean their retail sales were negative in the U.S. in the fourth quarter and over the course of the year and ultimately from a competitive standpoint, it’s going to be all about retail sales. So, no, we really didn’t see any difference.
Patrick Doyle: I was referencing international. And so international over the course of 2017 was a little more volatile than it depends and it was really from some specific markets.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. Stephen, great question, we are not going to disclose how much of the comp get eaten by splits. And again we would just point you to the 3 to 6 range for global comps and the 8 to 12 on retail sales. Is there an impact, yes there is, but again we think that really distracts from the more important question, which is how you would profitably grow retail sales in total. And obviously, again being led by international with and above range again when you strip out FX above that 12% range for that business, it’s more above the all in retail sales than it is about how much impact you split back here or there.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. Jeff, so first of all, I guess as we iterate, we are rolling over a 12.2 from the previous year. We had a half a point shift out of the fourth quarter into the first quarter of this year. We feel very, very good about the overall. And in terms of the industry we are not seeing anything that is showing really acceleration or deceleration materially over the ongoing trend.
Patrick Doyle: And one thing I would add is we have always talked about the fact that we are agnostic on how we use our cash, but if you look backward our return on investment for our shareholders on our decisions to buy shares have been extraordinarily strong. And so there is a balance in how we are approaching it. We are continuing to move the dividend up with the latest announced increase. But we have generated pretty darn good returns with the buybacks.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I will go back to repeating what we have said at Investor Day. And I think earlier today which is the investments that we are making both on the G&A front and capital investments are what is going to continue to drive our projection of 8% to 12% global retail sales growth. And we feel good about how we performed against that previously. And we are going to continue to invest do it. But we don’t start from a projection of sales and then work backwards to how much we can afford to spend. We look at the investment opportunities that are in front of them in front of us, what we think the odds are of those investments generated return for our shareholders and as long as that expected return is strong we are going to continue to invest.
Patrick Doyle: Look, broadly I mean people have acquired competitive advantage or build it themselves that’s always a choice you have. But I think ultimately if you are using a third-party that is available to anybody in the market by definition that’s the commodity, if anybody can access it. So could you see somebody acquire that and build competitive advantage through that acquisition, I suppose if they restricted everybody else’s access through that technology after they made that acquisition. But if it continues to be available to everybody then almost by definition it is a commodity and something available to everyone. So only if you acquired it and then got everybody else off of that technology would there be an opportunity to really start to turn that into competitive advantage.
Patrick Doyle: I don’t know that we have got a specific assumption around how that’s going to grow. What you have seen so far is that people have talked about this being incremental to their business. There has been no incremental growth of the restaurant category. So I frankly would take issue with the idea that this is incremental within the overall industry. What I think you have seen is some people’s takeaway business or on-premise business to-date shifted to delivery. So as long as all that’s happening is it’s shifting from for one restaurant chain from a carry-out transaction to a delivery transaction for our purposes in projecting our business, I don’t know that it really makes any difference. Overall, I guess I would give the same answer you have heard from me many times, which is we just have not seen a really significant effect from this. And if we can identify it, it is still relatively small that it’s had an impact on our business.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I – if you talk about demand growing for delivery what you have seen so far is more supply of delivery. So you have seen some restaurant chains that didn’t previously offer delivery, now offering it and it has shifted some relatively to-date, relatively small percentage of their customers from being a carry-out customer to being the delivery customer. But if that’s how their sourcing volume then it doesn’t really affect our business.
Patrick Doyle: Thank you, everyone. We appreciate you joining the call today. And we look forward to discussing first quarter 2018 results on Thursday, April 26.
JeffLawrence: Yes, Pete, it’s Jeff. First thing I would tell you is we are full speed at all of the strategic investments. We are not going to slow down on that. You continue to hear us say that. So everything that we wanted to give, we did and that will continue into 2018. The little bit of walking is really the two items you mentioned, one was the gain on the store sales to franchisees about 17 stores in Q4 and the other one was we didn’t do as well versus our plan this Q4 compared to Q4 back in 2016. So, your year-over-year comparison there also led to lower overall expense, but most importantly, the strategic investments are on track and we continue to invest in those areas.
JeffLawrence: Yes. I mean, really the procurement savings are really what you would come to expect from a brand that’s really scaling pretty rapidly and had a little bit more market power than it had even 2 or 3 years ago. So, our team in supply chain fantastic job up there of just continuing to source very high quality, safe food ingredients, but at a lower overall cost and of course that flows through to the benefit of supply chain margin, which franchisees share with us 50-50 there. So everybody wins in that, but the important thing is we are not going to degrade the product in that process, we are going to make sure that we continue to improve the ingredient quality and also drive down food cost at the same time.
JeffLawrence: Yes. So this will probably not come as a surprise given our point of view on other parts of our business, but we own delivery of the food to the store just like we own delivery of food to our consumers, our customers. And so we have a very large fleet of lease tractors and trailers that enabled those 2 to 3 deliveries a week to all of our stores in both the U.S. and Canada. We have not seen any material spike of cost in our business as a result of anything going on in the spot freight market. We are usually able to get out in front of that in a pretty good time and so we don’t expect any pressures there and certainly there was no disruption for us in Q4.
JeffLawrence: Yes. Matt, it’ Jeff, it’s a little bit of all that stuff as the older conversions start to roll up, they will obviously start to pay a little bit more. We also have an acceleration in what Rich has talked about around the global online ordering platform and the deployment of PULSE more globally. Those are obviously bringing revenues into that line item as well. And so it’s a little bit of all of that stuff, which is I have seen the increase there, in addition obviously the store growth and the comps.
JeffLawrence: Yes. The only thing I would add to what Patrick – you covered it pretty well is the sales actually took place a little later in the quarter. So you won’t be as big of an impact on any of on the team USA margins or the franchise revenues. You will really see that flowing through in Q1. And as far as geographical just happened to be a couple of stores that will run East Coast in the Virginia, Carolina area. But again that’s less important than Patrick’s point which is normal portfolio management.
JeffLawrence: So we are not giving guidance specifically around supply chain margin short-term or long-term. But what I can tell you is when we open up the facilities outside of New York there will be a lot of costs, but also some transportation saving that we are able to capture there. On a net basis, over the medium-term, I don’t expect the supply chain margins dramatically be volatile whether it would be in Q4 or the first half of next year, but again we are not giving specific guidance around it, but again I think you it’s a big, big business, it’s a $2 billion revenue business, bringing on a very large center in the Northeast is a big deal, but it’s not something that I think is going to cause seismic shifts in margins.
JeffLawrence: Yes. I will take the last one first, which is tax reform, obviously we are a big winner on that and that helps us in everything. First and foremost, it just gives us that much more confidence to go faster on investing and all the things that are going to grow the retail sales. But it also is likely that some of that will fall up in the bottom and we will adjudicate that, as we do all free cash flow decisions whether it would being a buyback or a dividend etcetera. On the leverage itself, we have generally said 3 to 6 turns of EBITDA, the result of tax reform means that we can do a little bit more than that comfortably. Although at the same time, we are not ready to say that we are going to move the top range target up, because the cost of equity is the funny thing. Our shareholders need to be comfortable and we know it took us about a decade to train you all that 6 turns of leverage was good for our business model. And so we are not ready yet to say that we are going to go any higher than that. As far as specific piece of debt we have from the 2015 deal, which is part callable in a couple months, again nothing to announce on that, we are always looking at what the market is doing and what the rates are. We have seen a flattening as you know the yield curve for longer term stop looks a little bit more attractive than maybe the shorter term stop, but again that’s sounds around quite significantly and really nothing to announce on that.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, it’s Jeff. So, again we did a 4.2% in the quarter, roll on a 12%, little bit more tickets and orders, but both were healthy and both contributed to the overall comp. We did have that 0.5 point shift again on New Year’s Day, which muted it a little bit. But really there were couple of different things that contributed to a little bit more ticket in the quarter and the biggest one is the one I called out which we just sold a little bit more fruit per order, which is kind of the best way to get ticket. What it wasn’t about in Q4 was us getting undisciplined around pricing or our franchisees getting undisciplined around pricing. We remain in lockstep around delivering great value to our consumers, the $5.99 mix and match we were on TV a bunch with that in Q4, which is what you have come to expect. And so as we roll into 2018, the role is to do what we always do which is to grow orders and just be real thoughtful about ticket and the construct of tickets. So, we can’t comment on 2018, but there is no bad news for us in the fact that ticket was a little bit bigger in Q4.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, Greg, it’s Jeff. I will take the first one and then I will take third-party over to Patrick for the second one. On the royalty revenues, really not a lot change in there the contractual rates generally are still the contractual rates. You might see a little bit of bounce around. The one thing I would point out is as you know we do offer some incentives for new store growth in the last, which as they get going helps to defray some of the opening costs there that might take down the effective rate a little bit, but again that’s been pretty consistent there. You mentioned the technology fee, which for ‘17 was the same as it was in ‘16 so really nothing there other than the additional mix of obviously increasing digital generally other than that, nothing really that we see bouncing around in revenues.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes, it’s again 2% to 4% all-in is what we are currently estimating for what the stores will experience. We can over or under-perform that based on what happens in the marketplace for different food items up and down the list. We are able to enter at times into certain price agreements to lockup some of the volume at certain prices. We can’t tell you what we have and haven’t done for 2018, but listen, I don’t know where cheese is going, I don’t think anyone tells where cheese is going. I think the important part for us is we have shown a real good discipline with the U.S. franchisees around sticking on message and executing at a high level regardless of what happens with food cost, regardless of what happens with labor rates, they are just doggedly determined to continue to build share the hard way and so kind of regardless of where commodities may or may not know, I think our guys have the right attitude out in the field and that’s what matters the most.
Jeff Lawrence: Well, let’s say is the return on investment for franchisees is as good as it has ever been which is ultimately what’s generating the energy around store growth that we have seen. When we look at the guidance that we have given to the market of 8% to 12% on retail sales, we think the best way to do that is with a balance between comps and store growth. You have seen very good balance from international for a number of years. And I will tell you that if you expressed that there are concerns around that from international not coming from our master franchisees, there maybe people in the market who are talking about it, but the returns for the franchisees are very, very strong, which is why they are continuing to generate strong store growth. In terms of the effect on the business, we were over 200 net on growth for U.S. this year, which means you are looking at something now approaching 4% growth in the store count and so there already is some effect in there on our domestic comps, but all of that is already taking into consideration when we have reiterated our guidance of 3% to 6% comps for both domestic and the international at our Investor Day in January.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. I mean, the primary one was we sold more food per order, a little of that was probably due or was due to the Bread Twists brand. We were on TV early in the quarter on that. There is always some coupon mix that goes on and in quarter four that happened to help us a little bit on ticket, but it’s mostly those two things.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. We know that math. We don’t give that math out. But a point of comp particularly if it’s from orders is very good for us.
Jeff Lawrence: Yes. It’s Jeff, again. We returned $84 million to shareholders in the form of our ordinary dividend, Board just increased like 20%, which was on 20% plus, which was on 20% plus from the years before. And so while dividend yields is one metric, we obviously track and we care somewhat about we are also very interested in what the dividend payout ratio is and some other things. And what I would tell you is at the end of the day it is a healthy dividend. We don’t get to control the stock price directly, so still has the chance to bounce around, but $0.55 a quarter dividend in 2018, we believe is a healthy return to shareholders in that form.
