J. Patrick Doyle: No, it was all orders. It was all orders for the quarter. In fact, even a little bit more orders. I think ticket was slightly negative for the quarter.
J. Patrick Doyle: I mean, we're continuing to work on that. I think the numbers have even seen pretty good steady increase there. I think, as we continue to focus on kind of improving service and all those things, it's always about hitting that balance. I would have liked to have seen a little bit more in the quarter in terms of the labor line, but it's certainly something we're focused on. So I don't think it's more than that. It's just pure execution, and we could have used just a little bit more off that line, as you said.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think that the answer is we're in the range that we've kind of talked about before, kind of 3 to 6x leverage is where we think our weighted average cost of capital is kind of optimized. We are essentially in the middle of that range right now, so we look at it. But right now, I think we feel pretty good about where we are.
J. Patrick Doyle: I mean, the value focus has been very consistent. I mean, we've been talking about really the same price points for a while, and it's clearly continued to work for us. And as I emphasized, I think the great learning for us and something we're very excited about is that we are able to do this without this kind of quarterly or monthly new product launches coming to support that. I mean, we just think we're in a very, very different place with our customer base than we have been in the past. And I mean, we're going to continue to have new product launches, but what we think is important is that we're driving these results with bigger individual launches that are meaningfully changing consumers' views about the quality of Domino's Pizza, as opposed to simply creating news for news' sake. And so we see this kind of building on itself. And as we bring new customers in, maybe with the Pan Pizza or through the digital side, they have a strong experience with kind of the core of the brands, as opposed to simply trying something that is new and they like it or not and then maybe don't come back after that. In terms of the quarter itself and how that's made-up, I mean, we don't get into kind of breaking out the quarter. All I can tell you is that 6.7%. And as I said that all being traffic, the answer is it was a really strong quarter, and I'm really happy with it. But I'm not going to break it apart more than that.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, I certainly think that we'll see it above 50% out into the future. We've got 3 or 4 countries that are now at that level. Our corporate stores in the U.S. were on online ordering, all of the stores about a year or so earlier than our franchise stores and they continue to run nicely ahead of the overall franchise system on digital ordering. And so I don't see any reason why we're not going to be able to get of this number north of 50% over time. And clearly, from our perspective, based on all the reasons, Jeff, you just said, around ticket and order profitability and customer satisfaction, the faster we can push that, the better. So we continue to invest in that area. The one thing I would say is you'd mentioned the 35% to 40% range. That's still the right answer. To give you a little bit of color, we tend to get gains on the that in the fall and winter, and then it tends to go a little bit flat in the summer each year. So we're still up kind of that 5% year-over-year, but it's an interesting pattern. When people head back indoors, we tend to see the growth in the digital mix, and when they go back outdoors in the summer, it tends to kind of flatten out for a bit during the summer. And so probably the answer is we stay in this range kind of through the summer, and then hopefully, we continue to see it move up. So that's the short answer. We're continuing to focus very hard on it. It's why we launched the Windows 8 platform, the app this quarter. And you're going to continue to see a lot of innovation from us in this area.
J. Patrick Doyle: Not in the material markets, no. I mean, they're always going to be quarters here and there that's a little bit, off but it is broad geographically and it's broad when you split it by kind of more developed economies and more developing economies. And so overall, it's awfully good. You mentioned Germany. Germany is still very early in its development. Sales growth has actually been pretty good there. What I think you may be referring to is Germany is owned by our master franchisee out of the U.K., and they gave a little bit of an earnings warning around it in terms of just the amount of resources they had to put into it to get it going. But from a pure sales perspective and sales growth perspective, it's still looking good. So it clearly -- it's working. I'm seeing the same numbers that's, obviously, you're looking at from some of our peers in the industry, and we feel awfully fortunate that we're continuing to drive these kinds of results. But there just are no really material pockets of weakness out there to speak to.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, the first thing you said from kind of the pricing, I'll hit that. I mean, the pricing has been fundamentally the same for a few years now. And so we're not bringing new news on the pricing front. We've got something that's clearly been working. It's been connecting with the consumers. And so on that front, it's been working. If there was news in the second quarter around the -- our Handmade Pan Pizza, it was just a different way of talking about it, which was the fact that this brand that is known for speed had actually sacrificed a little bit of speed to make a higher quality product. But we were still talking about a product that had launched 6 or 9 months before, and continued to drive very strong results from it. And first quarter was really the same thing. We were talking about the 2 mediums for $5.99 and it worked. So I guess the answer is, Joe, I think what's different, and I guess I'd say not that different for the last 3 or 4 years since kind of our brand relaunch, but really previous to that. And we've been watching it very, very carefully. We've got a strong pipeline of new products that we can still use as we move forward. But what we've been finding is very effective is talking about the things that are differentiating the brands on an ongoing basis in the minds of the consumer, as opposed to just hitting them with a lot of the specific new news items in any given quarter. And overall, it's worked.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. Our best guess, John, is that the category is flattish to maybe up. This is mostly share gains that we're seeing right now. And those numbers are, I think, as you know, they're not perfect on kind of the category. But that's our best sense is that we're kind of in that range. And I guess what I would say is our overall take on the consumer is that the consumer is continuing to slowly get better. There's -- it is still more of a headwind than a tailwind for us. You probably heard me say it many times, but the best driver, best indicator from an economic standpoint of growth for us is employment levels more than anything else. Employed people buy more pizza than unemployed people. And so you're seeing that slowly getting better. But I think that's leading to a category that's not moving a lot right now. And so really, I mean, we're feeling pretty fortunate, but it appears that it is mostly share gains for us right now.
J. Patrick Doyle: I think the broad dynamic is still going to be more from smaller players and regionals. We haven't seen Papa John's number yet for the second quarter, Pizza Hut has released and they were a little bit a negative. I think they've been a little bit negative for a couple of quarters in a row now. But overall, I think the basic thesis is still intact, which is larger players are probably going to be growing a little bit better than the smaller players and the regionals, that's mostly as a result of technology. And there are some pretty special things that are going on with our brand and business right now that are causing us to grow a little faster even than our national peers. But overall, I think the basics of the thesis are intact, which is larger players are going to continue to take some share from the smaller players.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I guess that the only thing I'd add to that is, fundamentally, the investments we're making are working. You look at the investments we're making in people and the international side of the business, as well as in the technology side of the business, they're clearly driving results. And so it's not -- we're not trying to figure out how to scale that back. If we're getting a good return on those investments, we're going to continue to make them.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. Mitch, I think the answer is we're still in that kind of 5% of mix up year-over-year. And the color I was giving before is the way that chart kind of looks for us, and we track it fairly, fairly obsessively. The answer is you get an increase in the fall and into the winter, and then it kind of flattens out spring and summer, and then you get an increase again in the fall and the winter. Year-over-year, that means you're continuing to get kind of that 5% mix growth that we've talked about before and we're continuing to see that. We'd love to drive it even faster, and that's why you continue to see some investments from us there. But that's kind of the rate and pace of growth on that.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. So first off, the 40% is kind of orders. Sales are a little bit lower than that because the ticket's a bit lower on carryout. So you're more in the 1/3 to 35% range of sales. Third -- I mean 1/3 on sales and you're more high 30s to 40% on orders. And we've still got just over what 100, I think, of the newly reimaged stores. And so we're still kind of reading that, but we like what we're seeing. Clearly, the biggest change on that is a better kind of carryout experience, in-store experience for our customers without any sacrifice on our efficiency around the delivery side of the business. In terms of the overall dynamics, I -- there was a point over the last few years -- our business, if you go back kind of 10 or 15 years, carryout has clearly become a bigger part of our business over kind of a long-term trend. And there was a little more weakness on the delivery side of the business back a few years ago than kind of the overall. But right now, I think from an overall category perspective, it's pretty flat plus or minus a bit in both of those areas right now. I don't think, from a category perspective, that there's a lot of movement on either side.
J. Patrick Doyle: The vast majority of what's going on in the first half of the year has to do with the order count and the mix that we have. You may recall that last year, in the first half of the year, some of what we were doing was promoting side items, primarily Stuffed Cheesy Bread and Parmesan Bread Bites, which was really good for franchisee profitability, but really wasn't very good for our commissary. It would be one way to describe it. This year, Pan Pizza is helping us. I would also say that the operational metrics in the commissary have been very good. Even if we -- even as we pushed up our volumes significantly, they've done a really good job of maintaining cost. So we haven't been hurt at all as they pushed the volumes up.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I mean, look the answer is as we have kind of slowed the pace of introductions, it means that our R&D team has the chance to work on things that we think are going to be meaningful. And I'm going to get into kind of specifics on launches and all that. I think the real take away from that shouldn't be is there something really near-term coming. I think the takeaway on that should be when you're spreading out the pace of these, it means that the R&D team, as opposed to coming up with 5 or 6 products a year, is working on a couple maybe a year that we hope are going to materially improve the overall experience for customers. And frankly, when you're not launching 1 or 2 a quarter, it takes a little bit of the pressure off on having just so many in that pipeline.
J. Patrick Doyle: So yes. First of all, the answer on margins. From the corporate stores in the second quarter, it was about food, it was about commodities. And so definitely felt that a little bit in the second quarter. We do expect that that's going to be a little more modest through the balance of the year. You didn't ask this specifically, but I'll add it. The offset to that is exchange rates, as they stand today, are looking, right now, worse for the balance of the year than in the first half of the year. If we stay in the range that we're in today, and consensus is kind of in that range. That's going to be a little bit of a negative offset in the second half of the year. So commodities, we expect to ease a bit. And if things stay where they are right now, FX probably goes the other way.
J. Patrick Doyle: The focus is on the front of the house, and there are really kind of a couple of different versions, I guess, of how we do it. But front of the house is certainly the focus. We're not changing -- there aren't like specific equipment changes back of the house or anything like that. Our cooking platform remains pretty straightforward. We got big ovens back there, and I wouldn't anticipate a change in that. Then you get into a question of is it a relocation, is it a reimage and are they completely taking everything out, and some of that just depends on the age of the back of the store. If the back of the store is looking good, then you may be able to just do the lobby and it looks good. But as you are opening it up, if the back of the store is particularly old, it means the customers are going to see that. And so I think the answer is there's been a little bit of a mix on that in the early reimages.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, I mean, it's continuing to proceed. It's still relatively small. We like the results we're getting. We're getting nice same-store sales growth in China. It's -- it is -- so it's something that's continuing to progress. And obviously, given the size of the opportunity, it's something we're going to continue to focus on. Still not a big driver of results yet, as the base that we're growing from is still relatively small.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes. I mean, it’s still too early to kind of get into specifics around that. That's why we're kind of watching that. I mean, obviously, I said I think in my prepared remarks that the customer reaction to it is positive. But it's still little early on with the store base, the store counts that we've got reimaged to kind of get into specifics around that.
J. Patrick Doyle: We want to give our customers a better in-store and carryout experience, and I don't know that it's specifically geared towards anybody, it's just -- other than our customers. I mean, we're doing what our customers are leading us to do, and they want a better looking store. They want to see the stores opened up so that they can see the food prepared, and that's what's driving it more than kind of any specific reaction to competition.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yes, so their -- I mean, their cash flow continues to improve. I think, as I mentioned, we are continuing to see their cash flow per store numbers get better, that's going to be kind of a -- what I think, we're into a fifth year of that trend. And so that's good news. The answer is the credit markets for larger franchisees, for those who may be borrowing $1 million or more, those markets are very attractive right now. For smaller players they're still not where it needs to be in terms of the credit markets opening back up. Now at some level, if you're talking about a 1 or 2 store franchisee, if their sales are good enough and their cash flows are continuing to progress, they're going to be able to potentially do it out of cash flow, and may not need to tap into those markets. But overall, the answer is credit markets are very attractive for those looking to borrow at a significant level, and they're still relatively restricted for those looking for smaller amounts of debt.
J. Patrick Doyle: All right. Listen, I appreciate everybody's interest, and look forward to sharing third quarter results with you here in a couple of months. Thanks, everybody.
Michael T. Lawton: As you know, I mean, interest rates have gone a little bit but they're still -- gone up a little, but they're still very, very attractive, and we will continue to assess -- whether this is something that we want to do. I don't think that Patrick was trying to say that there's no opportunity for us. It's just not something that we're planning on in the near term.
Michael T. Lawton: I don't think there's a lot of opportunity that we won't be at the high end. We're -- we've been making -- one of the things that has an impact on the G&A is the rate and pace at which we are able to attract the right people that we wanted to add into international and into our IT group. So over the last 18 months or so, we've been trying to add people and it came at a slower rate than we had wanted. We have filled many of those positions now, so we've got a pretty good idea of what we're going to spend on those. We really have not figured out where for sure we're going to be in 2014, so it's a little early to comment on that. At our Investor Day in January, I'm sure that we'll be giving you more information.
Michael T. Lawton: Okay. The way that, that is calculated, it takes into -- assumes that we would actually draw upon the VFN. So you add about 0.10 of leverage compared to just looking at the debt-to-EBITDA off the balance sheet. So we are currently in the 4s -- roughly the 4.6, 4.7 range, depending on how you round. We have to get under 4.5, which could happen as early as the fourth quarter of this year, and probably a little more likely, it could be in the first quarter of next year. And when we get to that, you're looking at a $26 million a year cash savings, roughly.
Michael T. Lawton: John, the only thing that I was going to say is the other thing kind of the flip side to that is with the volume growth. Franchise profitability, store level profitability continues to improve year-over-year. And that's a really big positive. So I think the biggest thing driving supply chain, other than they're doing a very nice job of running it, the team running it, is we're just getting a lot of order growth and that volume gets us some nice leverage on that. But flip side is the franchisee profitability continues to improve, and that's why you're seeing that kind of modest net store growth domestically that we've been talking about for a while.
