Patrick Doyle: Yes. Sure. The answer is, we are a little over 10% now on the system domestically; we are higher than that outside of the U.S. As we do individual reimages the answer is we see a modest increase from those stores. Our belief is that as the system becomes largely reimaged, that it is going to continue to drive kind of the momentum that we have in the business. It takes a little bit of time, we are seeing some lift in those stores that get reimaged, but we think the real gain from that is going to be as we get the whole system done, everybody is seeing kind of this new image around Domino's that continues to drive the brand and momentum that we got in the business.
Patrick Doyle: No. What I would say, John, is we are not going to give the absolute specifics on that. It was a nice mix between orders and ticket. What I would say though is, even within the ticket, some of that is selling more food, so with the specialty chicken out there, some of the reason the ticket is up is simply that we are selling more food in each order than we were previously and a little bit of it is pricing.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. We are still right in the mid-40s, so this is what we have always seen as we kind of get gains in the fourth quarter every year and into the first quarter of the following year. In kind of the spring and summer as people move away from their homes, they are out about a little bit more, we have generally seen that kind of flatten out, so we are still kind of in that 45% range that we have been in, which is kind of expected. Then generally what happens is, we get into the fourth quarter of the year and we start to see it move up again.
Patrick Doyle: No. I think, go back to the answer around mix, I mean, this is the time of the year that mix isn't necessarily growing versus the previous quarter. It has grown materially versus the year ago quarter, but the real gain on digital is from frequency. I mean, it's ultimately about the better retention of customers, better frequency of orders from customers. As they have a better experience with Domino's, we get more orders from them. That's really what drives it more than anything else. What I would say and what you are seeing from us is, we are absolutely determined that we are going to maintain and grow our leadership in digital ordering and we are absolutely not standing still and voice ordering is kind of the newest step in that and we are really pleased with 200,000 orders now having used the voice capabilities without having promoted it and now we have gone on air and it is yet one more way in which we believe we have absolutely got the best digital ordering platform in the space and it's another way that we think we are continuing to extend our leadership there.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. You know, I think it goes back to kind of the mix. We had good order count growth, we had good ticket growth, we had kind of the increased amount of food within the basket selling chicken, which is good for our cost of goods and for the overall profitability of the business and it's really about the balance of those things that we think we got it. 
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I don't know if there is really a material change in kind of where we think the category is and kind of the competitive environment. I think category is continuing to grow slowly and still is. You have seen, I think a little bit of ticket growth from us now and from some of our competitors, so I think that is playing in and may continue to play in a little bit more as we go forward depending on kind of what happens with cost pressures overall in the business. I guess the other thing I would say is, in terms of the competition and store closures and all of that, capital was pretty available right now and it's part of why you are starting to see a little bit of acceleration in our store growth. It's a function of unit economics continuing to make good progress over the last few years, but the markets for lending and for capital to franchisees have come around nicely. You all were asking questions a year ago about the reimage process and what it affects. Our store growth, and our answer then was maybe at the margin it would a little bit, but overall we didn't think it was going too much and I think that is playing out the way we expected it to. Partly that's because of availability of capital for the franchisees to get these reimages done and where they choose to relocate, they can do that as well and generate some store growth, so I think that has got to be playing out a little bit with the competition as well, which is there is some availability of capital again and that may be allowing some people to hang in there that may not be getting the same kind of results that we are.
Patrick Doyle: We have stopped amortizing the debt, so while it may continue to fall a little bit further if we are able to continue to grow our operating results. It won't fall further, because of deleveraging through repayment and debt. At this point, there is really not much more to update you on.
Patrick Doyle: Okay. Well, the debt that you referred to has a rate of 5.25%, and we could call roughly a third of our outstanding in July of next year. In terms of what rate, we need to see. That would be a function of what kind of duration we were looking on the debt. There is certainly issuance cost that goes along with that it is not really something I can give you specific rate on other than it's obviously going to be better 5.25%, so we will see at that point in time what kind of tenure you could get on the debts, what it means in terms of what it would do for the other two-thirds, it would still remain and we will keep an eye on.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. I mean, it is certainly something that we have looked at. Right now what's driving our frequency and growth is, we think just given people a better experience overall, but it's certainly something we have looked at. Our impression at least from comments that have been made at Papa John's that has worked for them, so it is certainly something that we keep an eye on, but overall we are obviously pretty darn happy with our results and our mix of orders and ticket and all that, but it's something we will keep an eye on.
Patrick Doyle: Actually, I not only don't think it's a risk. I think it's more an upside. I often talked about the fact that I really think that the biggest think that is going on in the category is the larger players, largely driven by digital have been taking share from the smaller players and I know that Pizza Hut has had a couple of bumps, but I think in their latest release they talked about now being at 40% of their off-premise sale something like that, so they are not in a bad shape in a bad way there and I think what the real opportunity is that as the three largest players continue to show that this is a better way for customers to do business with us, we are going to have an opportunity to grow the category hopefully, but also continue to take some share from the people that can't kind of put up a platform of the quality that we are able to do. We certainly take pride in what we have done and want to make sure that we main leadership in this area, but I still believe that the greater gap is going to be between what the three biggest players are able to do with digital versus everybody else rather than what we are able to do necessarily versus our other national players, national competitors who are in the same digital space. I think as they continue to advance, it's going to continue to move people across the digital ordering and I think that plays to us.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. We are today at, I think, the percentage it has got to be about 30%, something like that. Coming along nicely, we are ahead versus the overall system and expect to be done prior to the whole system being completed, so moving along pretty nicely there.
Patrick Doyle: You know, I don't think you are going to see us do that. We have always said, we are going to be opportunistic, but that can be opportunistic buying or selling. The size that we are in today, I think, with our corporate store unit is good, it is generating reasonable returns for us, for our shareholders, it is where we develop our people and our leadership. It is where we test things and it needs to be a scaled business in order to do that, so I think we are in pretty good shape there. As we move into the mode of more and more hopefully store growth in our system, it is something we got to do with our corporate stores as well, so I don't think you are going to see major change there. Overall, I think we are in a reasonable range on our corporate stores, and no, I would not expect material refranchising of those stores.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. We are actually, I think, we are taking a $1 more on the pan, and it's an amazing product and clearly I think we could support that. You have seen our national promotion remain consistent, but we really believe we have got the best hand-made pan pizza out there. The demand is there for it. Deliveries of few franchisees have done it and that is kind of just market opportunistic. We obviously at cost pressures, we look at what is happening with our competition, but we certainly haven't taken much there. Most stores have not increased anything there. A few certainly have opportunistically, but not materially.
Patrick Doyle: Yes, so what hasn't slowed at all is store growth. In fact, store growth continues to get stronger and stronger, because the cash on cash returns on the stores there are really terrific. The whole restaurant industry, I think, in India has seen slower same-store sales growth. In fact most folks have been a little bit negative over the course of the last year or two. We have certainly felt that as well and the team is doing a great job of continuing to bringing along, we have launched some new products and doing a number of things to try to drive that, but we clearly need to see the economy get a little bit more robust over there again. It's still growing and still going pretty nicely, but it is not growing as much as it was three or four years ago and you have had some inflation over there, which I think has affected consumer behavior there a little bit as well. Overall, I will tell you, I remain very, very bullish on India and where it is and where it is continue to go. Certainly, our partners over there Jubilant FoodWorks, have not taken their foot off the gas at all in terms of continuing to grow the system there.
Patrick Doyle: 2015 is, we will talk about that on our Investor Day in January, when we have got a little more visibility. We will give you what we think is our best guess of what is going to happen at that point in time, but to your point you made in the last couple of weeks both, pork and cheese have moderated a little bit and hopefully that's the start of something good, but can't go much beyond that at this point in time.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. We haven't given an exact number on the mix on that. It's a nice mix of orders and ticket. Then I would say within ticket, it's a mix of selling more food in each order and actual price increase. The price increase is pretty modest in there when you kind of look at it along with selling some more food, so haven't given the exacts or not going to give the exacts for competitive reasons, what I would tell you is, it's a nice mix of orders and ticket.
Patrick Doyle: Peter, we get just a little bit from the World Cup, when it comes around, but I would tell you it is not really material within the overall. There are a few markets that field a bit more, but every time it comes around, we are kind of looking at it trying to figure out how was it played in each market and it always depends to great extent on where it is being played. There are time zones, where frankly it doesn't have much effect, because it's the middle of the night or it is breakfast for people depending on where it is, so the answer is helps a little bit at the margin, but not a really big effect.
Patrick Doyle: Yes. It's still a good number. It is still something that we think is very possible. Like you have seen, if you look at our kind of four-quarter trailing or 12-month trailing net store growth in the U.S., you have seen it kind of continue to move upwards as we talked about before. Our goal is to continue to accelerate a little bit off of the growth we have had and it has been kind of playing out that way and we think we are doing it the right way. We are doing it because store economics continue to get better, our franchisees continue to get stronger and strong. Their income statements look better, their balance sheets are stronger and that gives them an opportunity to build stores, so they are actually still stores out there to be built. The 1,000 is, I think, a reasonable number to continue to look at as same-store sales grow and the population in the U.S. continues to grow at about 1% a year. That feels pretty good to us.
Patrick Doyle: Thank you. Your final question comes from the line of Paul Westra with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Patrick Doyle: I think, one thing I would point out is that a very significant amount of our CapEx, well over a third in each of the last two or three years has gone into technology. Most of that has been on areas of support, either our proprietary point of sale system or e-commerce as opposed to the core systems of the company, so we are doing some of what you suggest. As far as the increases in G&A, we are pretty tight on what we do with what you could call back office or G&A and kind of the negative terminology you might use it for. Most of what our increases have been, it has all been to support the growth of the international business or the growth of the IT area. If you are able to see our office, you would see that we are not shy about adding into IT, if it's something that's going to help us grow our revenue. I think what you are suggesting is we are certainly on the same track and we would continue to do so.
