Brian Bittner: So the market was looking for a little bit higher domestic comps in the quarter, so maybe we can just first address the trends there. I understand the 2% that was reported was definitely in line with your long-term outlook. But I still think there are several reasons why I think the domestic comp could potentially outperform that goal in the more medium term. I think it might be logical to think that maybe the fantastic weather we had in January and February, might have shifted some spending away from delivery in the near term. So maybe you can talk to us about what you saw from a weather affect internally, maybe how you think about that internally? I realize you don't like to address inter-quarter trends or talk about how trends happen throughout the quarter. But any color you could potentially give us on that would be great. 
Brian Bittner: And the restaurant margins have definitely improved, but I guess really the best way for shareholders to realize the benefit of that is for it to translate into unit growth because -- just because of the model. So maybe you can talk about -- maybe those margin improvement, how it -- it's obviously impacted the franchisees earnings, but what about the backlog for unit growth? Has it improved the backlog for unit growth? Maybe you can talk about the U.S. backlog for unit growth for 2012 and 2013. 
Brian Bittner: And this is just the last question from me. How should we think about the strategy for the rest of the year for the U.S.? Is it going to be a strategy where you're continuing to try to drive margin improvements and focus less on driving traffic? Or is it going to shift back towards traffic? How do we think about the strategy? Because it did shift in the first quarter and... 
J. Doyle: Yes, it's Patrick. I -- first, I'll take the weather one. So we did a lot of analysis on weather and did some regression analysis, and really, dug deep on it because weather is something that gets talked about a lot across our industry and this was, for us, as negative a weather quarter as we could have. That said, our analysis said that it still just wasn't that big a deal for the quarter. It probably was a couple of tenths maybe slightly more than that, but it really was not a big effect. So when we kind of pulled out the weather by region and looked at the overall effect, at the end of the day for the quarter, it really was not that big a driver of the comp result. So I think the answer is first, what you said, which is our long-term guidance is kind of 1% to 3% for the domestic business and we came in, in the middle of that. Obviously, we've been performing the last couple of years at a higher level than that, but we think what we're proving is that we can grow off of this new higher base. That said, I think when we look at the quarter, it really -- the net effects of the quarter were primarily driven by what we were choosing to promote. Parmesan bread bites sold very, very well, but you're not going to drive robust order growth with a side item. I mean there is -- the analogy would be burger chains going on air, selling french fries. The answer is: you want people to know the Parm bread bites are there. It's effective for driving ticket and profits within the store, which I think really was the big positive new story out of the quarter, were store level margins moved really, really nicely forward. Fourth quarter was good, and first quarter was even stronger. I -- and we saw that corporate store margins were up 2.9% and we saw a nice movement from the franchisees. And that's something that I've been kind of calling out for a while, that we're very focused on and it wasn't something that we were seeing -- the level of improvement that we wanted over the last couple of years. We saw really nice store level margin improvement. So I think that's -- those are kind of the different kinds of factors. Weather, really was not that big a deal. It was as bad as it could be for us by being good, in the middle of the winter, but we just didn't see that much effect out of the weather. So I think honestly, we can kind of take that one off the table, and it really came down to what we were promoting; how it affected the overall traffic of the business, that we love what it was doing for store profits and we're still growing off of that higher base. 
J. Doyle: Yes, I think the answer is, you're still not going to see anything meaningful in the near term on store growth. But over the medium term, getting store level profits to where they want to be is -- it clearly can become a driver for us. So I wouldn't start raising expectations around domestic-leveled store growth in the near term. But our view is, very strongly, that stores get built because they should be built. And it takes some time for that to cycle through, but our franchisees are in a much better place with their overall profitability than they've been. And frankly, then playing over to the international side, it's why we're seeing just incredibly robust results from the international side on store growth. If you look at the 77 net up, on the international side, it's the best we have done in the first quarter with the international business and you'll see that it's up pretty markedly from first quarter last year. The one thing that I would say on the domestic side is, if you look at the trends on closures, that trend is definitely moving in the right direction. So that's part of that net growth. Our other stores that are at the bottom, that aren't doing as well, that are kind of getting weeded out, the answer is you'll see some sequential reduction in the number of closes. That's probably showing up before you're going to see growth store openings. 
J. Doyle: I think the answer is, you're going to see balance from us over the course of the year. It's got to be a balance of both ticket and some things that are more center of the plate, for us that means pizza, that are going to drive volume more and order counts more. But we look at it on a -- on an overall basis over the year, and obviously I'm not going to get into the specifics around what's coming. But I think the answer is expect some balance around side items and pizza. 
J. Doyle: Yes, I mean, we're not going to get into the specifics on the orders, but the answer was, they were a little negative. But that's as specific as we're going to get on it, and a number of things kind of going into that. But we're -- so that's the -- that's kind of, that side. But the margins I -- and in terms of franchisee profitability, you're right, they were very, very good. And relative to where they've been and yes, our franchisee is concerned about the profitability level. The answer is clearly they're -- they are unanimous in that, they would like them higher and so would we. And I guess the -- but I think the real punchline on that, is if you look at domestic unit growth for Domino's, we haven't moved for 2 decades, really. I mean, there have been years that have gone up and down, but the practical answer is, store growth hasn't moved now for quite some time and we're going to fix that over the medium term and part of that is, getting unit level profits to a higher level than where they've been. So we've got to do that in a balanced way. It's not a -- this may sound like it's a big shift in strategy. It's not. We've wanted to move store level profits up. We've made nice progress the last couple of years. We made particularly good progress in 2010. 2011 we made a little progress, not a lot. And it's something that we continue to focus on. We feel like if we can get unit profits moving consistently in the right direction, that's ultimately going to create great value for our shareholders, because it can generate store growth. I don't want to get ahead of myself in terms of kind of expectations around that. I -- the expectations we've given on stores are that the vast, vast majority of that in the near-term is going to come from international. And that that's really robust. But I understand there are fundamentally 4 levers for growing the top line in this business: international stores and comps and domestic stores and comps. And we've had 3 of the 4 of those, moving nicely. We've got to figure a way to get that fourth one going, and we're spending a lot of time and effort on figuring out how to get the store growth going. It's going to take some time but fundamental to that is continuing to improve store level profitability. 
J. Doyle: Yes, so -- I mean first of all, from a corporate store standpoint, that -- the royalty is included in there, right? It comes into our -- kind of, into the G&A ultimately. But in terms of how we measure store level profitability, we look at it on an apples-to-apples basis, franchise to corporate. And on average, dollar level profits, franchisees still make somewhat more money than our corporate stores do. We don't have perfect visibility on all of the store's profits, franchisee's profits in the first quarter, but we know they moved very nicely, the right direction. I can't tell you, if they were exactly the same kind of movements, as we saw in the corporate stores, but we get enough of them on a period basis to know that they're moving nicely in the right direction. 
J. Doyle: Yes, so we're not going to get into kind of splitting out trends within the quarter, but you got it exactly right on the comps going back. It was a little negative. It think it was 1, 4 negative, last year but that was rolling over 14.3, the previous year. So it's a little bit unusual that you'd be talking about a 3-year comp, you really kind of need to, because last year was clearly very much a reflection of the previous year. And I think frankly, overachieved versus where all of us thought it was going to be. And so I -- really I think the answer is, go back to, kind of the long-term guidance which is, what we've said is, we've built this new bigger base of business. And we really believe that expectation should be -- over the long-term that we're going to grow kind of, low single digits off of that new higher base. We don't expect to give it back. We expect to grow off of it, but 2% is kind of right in the middle of really where we kind of expect the business to be, over the medium to long term. 
J. Doyle: I guess, yes I'd -- go back to the 1 to 3. I mean, that's where we think expectations should be. Obviously, there are going to be quarters that are over or under that. But that's where we think we're going to be, the majority of the time and that's kind of, why we choose that range. I think Mike wants to look back to something I said earlier. 
J. Doyle: Yes, I -- the answer is, it has held up really well. And we felt that a little bit in Southern Europe, in kind of, Greece and Spain. One thing that I've said many times and continues to be true is that I think the best predictor of the health of this category is employment levels. And so if you see the employment changes out there, at least at the extremes in Europe, Spain at 24.4%, and Greece I think is in the -- is at least in the high teens, we feel that. But I'll tell you, overall, Europe is holding up very, very nicely. And it's been something that -- when I look at, kind of the list of things that I worry about -- we look for weakness in Europe. Clearly the economy has been weakening over there and we're just really not seeing it showing up in our business. So we're feeling pretty good about it. 
J. Doyle: Yes. I think there are a couple of things that go into it. And one has been over the last couple of years, as we've had some stores that were not performing as well. Even though we've been making progress coming out of the downturn, you got a bell curve on store level profits. And so while the averages have been moving, some stores didn't move as quickly or were at a lower base. And for our franchisees, I think you for our healthier, better franchisees, a smart decision on their part from a straight ROI perspective was, to buy some stores that weren't performing as well. And so we've had franchisees who were growing pretty strongly, but they were doing it by buying stores that were not performing as well or were even distressed. And so as we see that starting to ease, and it definitely has and it's part of why you see fewer closures in the quarter, and if you kind of look at those closures sequentially over the last few years, you're going to see kind of nice progress being made on that front. That's, kind of one part of it. They've got to choose where their capital is going to go, and if there's a steady supply of stores that they can buy and turn around, that's a smart investment decision for them; and ultimately, it makes us a better systems. So while in the very short term, I might like them to be building stores, the fact is, over the medium term, longer term, we're far better off as a brand and a system to have the stronger players buying the stores that aren't performing as well. So the other side of that equation then is, what does it take for them to start building new stores? And if the choice is starting to go away on buying stores that aren't as good, than when did they start generating new store growth. That becomes an ROI decision for them, as they look at improvements in their P&Ls, it's going to change their confidence around the business. We're still are looking at availability of financing being a little bit of a problem still for -- particularly for smaller players. Our larger players are able to tap the debt markets again. Single-store folks that want to build or buy a second store, that's still is constrained. There's not as much availability of debt financing out there for the smaller players as there was. And that's something that I'm not sure that I see easing. I think that's going to be a tough market for a while. For smaller players to access the debt markets. I think it's going to move to more local banks and relationships that they have than some of the sources of financing that were out there. Larger players, very different story. The bigger lenders are back in, and our larger more successful franchisees are clearly able to capture the debt market again. So we still think that there are 1,000 stores to be built, over the longer term in the U.S. That's going to take time to do it. It's going to take time for us to get real moves in store growth in the near term. I wouldn't start building expectations around that in the near term. But it's certainly something we're focused on. We've got a very great team, that we built around us and so they are out understanding this and what the obstacles are. And hopefully, that's a lever we're going to be able to get moving again. But it's still going to take some time before that's going to be a meaningful lever, I think for shareholder value creation. 
J. Doyle: Yes, so we're north of 30% now and a year ago, we were probably 5 points lower than that, something like that. We're probably in the 25 range. And the other thing that's moved along briskly, is the mobile side of this. So 7% of total orders now are on mobile. That's 7 out of -- north of 30 on total. So you're looking at -- better than 20% of our digital orders are now on mobile. And by the way, we dug up the numbers and I got this one right, we were right around 25% on digital sales a year ago. 
J. Doyle: Yes, so Artisan as you said, and kind of early week carryout special, and we've also got some of the cheesy bread mixed in, which was, a little more fourth quarter, played just into the first quarter, but a little bit more in the fourth quarter when we were doing that. So it's right now, it's a mix of, really of those 3 things. 
J. Doyle: Yes, I think and I know there's -- I heard a different number thrown out there from one of our peers. I -- our belief is that you're seeing low single-digit growth in the category. I think you may be seeing share gains from the national players versus the regionals and local players. And it may be why there's a little bit of a difference in the number I'm talking about, and what one of our peers was talking about. I'm looking, I believe at the total category, so not just the national players but also the regionals and smaller players. And I think that's, kind of a couple of points up right now and I think the nationals are doing a little better than that. I mean clearly, with Pizza Hut coming out with their number, stronger and us in the 2 range, I think there's some share shift going towards the national players. And we'll find out about the third national, I guess tonight. 
J. Doyle: Yes, it's actually -- it's a little over 1% now. And so no, it was not the average for the first quarter because it actually launched, I think towards the end of February. And it's ramped up very, very nicely in terms of the number of downloads, the way the orders are moving on it, we're really pleased with how it's performing. And we kind of, can go back and look at the growth curve on that versus the iPhone, and there are some mix shifts in there. That's not all, obviously incremental. And we see some coming off of the mobile website because frankly, the app is probably a better overall experience. But the total on mobile is now north of 7%, which is just a very, very nice move for us. And we continue to see that growing. 
J. Doyle: No, I think it's reasonably comparable. And I think overall, Android has a little higher share than, kind of the iPhone platform. And so over time, probably the answer is, it gets a little bit bigger just because there are more Android phones out there, I think than iPhones in total. But overall in terms of the ramp, I think it's pretty comparable, than what we saw with the iPhone. 
J. Doyle: Yes, I mean, I can't get into specifics because they haven't -- they are publicly traded and they haven't released their numbers yet. But I would tell you, in general the answer is, everything is still on track. And it's a market we're very, very excited about. 
J. Doyle: Well, first quarter was pretty side-item focused. I mean, it was -- we had early-week carry out special but it was some Cheesy Bread and then mostly Parm bread bites. So I guess, since we're out right now with Artisan, the answer is, it's going to be at least a little more balanced because the first quarter was pretty much about the side items, with the exception of the carryout special. So over the course of the year, it's going to be balanced. The first quarter was probably a little more weighted toward side items. 
J. Doyle: Yes, no it -- so you've got 1,100 franchisees and it's something that's kind of unique about our system is, they're focused on us. So those who've come up through the system, are dedicated to Domino's. We've got just a few that we kind of experimented with over the last couple of years that have come in with outside customer experience. But that's a very small minority of the overall. So the vast, vast majority are just operating Domino's Pizza stores. 
J. Doyle: Yes, I mean, I'd -- first, I'd go back to the previous answer which is, we just really haven't seen it, in Europe yet. But I mean, look at some point, if you see a weakening of comps, does that start to play into your store growth, at some level? Yes. But what I would say is, what you're seeing right now is more an acceleration, and that's because unit level economics are on average, pretty robust in our international business. And, so it would be almost more a momentum effect if things slowed down than kind of the actual -- an actual change in the ROI, short of them turning negative, right? And so it might affect kind of just their level of confidence but the returns are incredibly good right now, on average. And that's why you're seeing the kind of robust growth that we're getting. 
J. Doyle: Yes, a year ago, we had a couple of very significant 1-week promotions on carryout, and we do not have the same fund [ph] this year. We were promoting Monday, Wednesday, we've got more of a regular carryout offer going for -- to develop that type of customer. I think as we said, there proportionately, we haven't seen a big change. And part of the reason for that is, year-on-year over the last few years, we have been growing the carryout business as percentage -- as a percentage of total sales. We may have seen a bigger increase this year if we'd run the same carryout specials that we did a year ago because -- but instead we're not seeing that, because the national growth numbers kind of are -- maybe offset by the fact that we were kind of heavily emphasizing that last year. So we're seeing kind of flat on both. We're not seeing a big change but that could be due to the mix of the offers. 
J. Doyle: I just wanted to go back to the weather comment. I mean just -- we pulled it apart hard, looking at that. It was going to be as -- it was going to be the best quarter for us to really understand, how much it can affect it because it clearly, the weather was very, very warm, which is generally a bad thing for us. And it just didn't amount to that much of a change. That much of an effect. 
J. Doyle: No, I mean not a lot. Pizza Hut was out with their box of pizza and breadsticks. But overall, one of the things we always keep in mind around here is, the majority of our competition in the pizza industry is not the national players. The majority of our competitors out there, this is a store-by-store deal. And most of those competitors are -- the regional chains and the local chains, and that's going to tend to not drive as much movements in kind of their promotional processes, et cetera. So overall, even from the national competitors, I wouldn't say we saw really meaningful differences, in terms of what they were doing. But I think just as importantly, I always try to remember that the bulk of our competition is not the other national chains. 
J. Doyle: I mean, I think technology is a big part of that over time. And I think that's the newest, biggest leverageable competitive advantage, that we've got both domestically and internationally. So and -- I think that's the most important one. 
J. Doyle: Yes, we've -- yes, it's held together pretty darn well. And I think some of it is -- this category is still certainly much less developed outside of the U.S. than inside, on average. Our view over the longer term is, you've got kind of a 5%-ish growth in the category outside of the U.S. and kind of low single-digit growth inside the U.S. And so some of it is, I think there's just still more room for the category to grow outside of the U.S. 
J. Doyle: Yes, by the way, I was hoping it was going to be your dad asking the questions but unfortunately I guess it was John Ivankoe Junior. 
J. Doyle: Okay. I guess there are not. So with that, I'd like to thank you all for participating in today's call and we look forward to speaking with you in July for our second quarter call. Thank you. 
Michael Lawton: I want to go back an earlier comment that Patrick made on store level margins, which you can see in the 8-K Royalties have not been backed out of that number. So it's not -- just a correction of the statement. But when look at comparable profits -- when we look at profits between franchise and corporate, we line them up on an exact same basis. And franchisees are on a dollar basis, a little more profit -- profitable than the corporate stores, but yes. And the franchisees definitely did enjoy more profits in the first quarter of this year. 
Michael Lawton: As I mentioned in the script, it was between 1% and 2%, which is consistent with what we expect for the rest of the year. 
Michael Lawton: The distribution revenues were relatively flat because of -- I'm double checking but -- I think that they were -- I think overall that the distribution revenue was relatively flat, but I'm having trouble checking the number here. 
Michael Lawton: Yes, it's the relative strength of Canada versus the rest of international. Because the only place we own the distribution centers is in Canada, and so Canada I think was not quite as robust as the rest of international. And that's why you see a little bit of a shift towards more royalty revenues from distribution. 
Michael Lawton: As Patrick said on weather, we don't see big differences but we certainly would expect that our carryout business would see a bit more benefit with a good weather. But as I said, we're -- we didn't see a lot of shift this year, versus last year. 
