Russell Weiner: Thank you, Sandeep. Before we open the call for questions, I wanted to talk a little bit about the macroenvironment and the potential impact on the QSR industry, particularly delivery. There are a couple of dynamics that we're watching in the broader restaurant delivery segment.  First, as consumers returned to some of their pre-COVID eating habits, the sit down business that was once a source of volume for restaurant delivery over the past few years is rebounding and bringing back with it, some of the orders that were delivered when sit down was constrained.  The second dynamic is inflation. We believe that inflation will impact delivery more than carryout, due to the added expenses of fees and tips in that channel. Our research shows that a relatively higher delivery costs might lead some customers to prepare meals at home. This could be exacerbated as consumer spending becomes more constrained around the holiday.  As we begin Q4, I believe Domino's is poised to emerge from these volatile times stronger than ever. This is what our business model was built for. I joined Domino's in 2008 during another tough economic environment. What I learned then is even more true today now that we're the number one pizza company in the world.  In a world where consumer confidence is shrinking and inflation is high, Domino's will succeed, because we have strong profitable franchisees, a team that makes disciplined decisions based on insight, and have the digital supply chain and delivery expertise to offer best-in-class value and customer experience. We delivered around one out of every three pizzas in the United States before the pandemic, and we deliver around one out of every three pieces today.  One important thing we have today that we didn't have in 2008, is a strong Carryout business. As a more complete restaurant company today, I have never been more confident in the future of Domino's Pizza.  With that, we'll open the call the question.
Russell Weiner: Good morning, Brian. Thanks for the question. On the 20% off, there were really two strategic reasons why we went ahead and did it. And as you said, it's kind of at the end of the quarter. The first is, as a brand with Domino's tries to do is whenever there's a big tension in society, and obviously now the macro tension is around inflation, we try to do a brand action that shows that we are the advocates for our customers. And so in a time where there's inflation, and everything's going up, Domino's being able to offer 20% off was really a more strategic communication moves, and it was anything else.  Secondarily, as I said in my opening remarks, we're about to evolve our carryout offer from $5.99 to $6.99 next week. And so part of what 20% off does, it gives us a little bit of room between where we were and where we're going from a communication standpoint.
Russell Weiner: Peter, thanks for the question. For us here at Domino's, our approach to whether it's an inflation environment or non-inflation environment is, we need to be the best relative value out there in the QSR industry, interestingly enough, and it was exactly what our internal research predicted. When we went from, $5.99 to $6.99, we still remained a great relative value on the delivery side. Things have changed, prices -- cost inputs have changed. And our research now indicates we can do the same thing on the carryout side and will still remain a large relative value. So really, that's our role within this inflationary environment is to be a strong relative value in QSR for our customers. 
Russell Weiner: Sure. Thanks for the question, Sara. The franchising or refranchising strategy for us is really more -- I would think of it as a growth strategy. Team U.S.A., our corporate store markets are there to unlock growth in two ways. Sometimes we're going to buy a market like we did in Michigan, and there it was to kind of redistribute stores and own some ourselves and unlock what is a market that we think have a lot of upside.  In some cases, the unlocking of growth and the creation of franchisees that are going to be our future is done through refranchising, and that's what was done most recently in our markets in Phoenix and Salt Lake City. And I would like to spend a few seconds just talking about what it means when we refranchise stores in this particular instance because really, it's what makes Domino's so special. And maybe there are people who are listening to the call now who are interested in drivers' positions. And let me tell you why you should be interested because our drivers become franchisees. We sold stores, we refranchised stores to our franchisees in Arizona and Utah. 11 franchisees purchased those, three of them were first-time franchisees, two of them were former corporate employees. Remember, 95% of our franchisees started out as employees making pizza or driving. Six franchisees purchased the first store they ever worked in. And so that's part of the American dream, which is Domino's. So in this case, we're unlocking growth and new franchisees.
Russell Weiner: Yeah. Gregory, thanks for the question. As we've said on prior calls, the delivery fees and the menu prices are both franchisees' decision on what they make. What we do there, though, is we provide them with what the competitive context is at a local level. And there certainly are recommendations that are based on data on where you need to be versus the competition and all of that's taken into account when they set their pricing relative to our national pricing.
Russell Weiner: Yeah, I think you're absolutely right on the efficiency standpoint. It's something we've been looking to drive, and we'll continue to look to drive it. I think there are really two ways that we're doing it. One is in the physical circle of operations and bringing in codifying best practices that we're going to talk about in future calls. But as part of what I told you, I was so excited to see when I was down in Houston. In addition to what we can do with the physical circle of operation, we have a next generation suite of store systems that we've already launched, and we're going to continue to launch that really just tries to automate some of the more manual decision making and optimize the efficiency and effectiveness of our stores. So we're looking at from a human center design standpoint and also how can technology help us.
Russell Weiner: Yeah, Andrew, thanks for the question. I mean you're right, certainly during the last couple of years, we were adjusting as things kind of came our way. So the long-term planning and kind of the stories you're used to seeing from Domino's maybe took a little bit of a back seat to just trying to adjust to what was going on in the environment. But I fully expect, obviously, we can't talk about the future. But what you've seen from us before, which are these OUS, we did stories that are adjusting to what's going on in society, technology innovation, not only for the customer but in store.  From an innovation standpoint, I think we're really unique and we will continue to be unique and that we just don't launch products for products sake that we're spending all this money and then they come out of the market. We launched incremental platforms and those platforms work really well into our mix and match deal. And we know when we work them into our mix and match deal, it increases items per order, and that's a healthy way to drive ticket. So I think you're right on in how you assessed the way we've grown the business, and that's how we're going to be focus moving forward.
Russell Weiner: Yeah. I would add to that what Sandeep said is when pricing hits on the delivery side, people tend to more go to cook at home. When pricing hits on the carryout side, folks tend to look at relative value. And that's really where we win. And a lot of the growth, I mentioned earlier, we're the number one carryout pizza brand, at least in the U.S. But the fact is we also source a lot of our carryout volume from other QSR. So during times globally, where pricing is going up, on our carryout business is actually should be a source of volume.
Russell Weiner: All right. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining this morning. We appreciate it. And Sandeep and I will look forward to speaking with you in our full year '22 results. Have a great day and a great weekend.
Sandeep Reddy: And Brian, I'll just add something to that. The 20% off promotion, or the mix and match promotion from a profitability standpoint is not significantly different. It's just a different way of delivering a promotion to the consumer. So from a margin standpoint, our franchisees and our corporate stores have not been really impacted in a significant way through this transaction, through this promotion. And so we feel really good about that piece of it as well.
Sandeep Reddy: Hi, Sara. I'll take the first part of the question and then Russell will pick up on the second piece on the refranchising opportunity. So I think on the company margins or what we saw there was a multitude of headwinds, definitely the food basket and some investments in labor that we had to make over there. But I'm just going to step back a little bit and talk about total company margins. And number one, the refranchising of these two markets essentially will be margin accretive to total company margins and it will start showing up in the fourth quarter. But I think specifically talking about corporate stores margins, we've talked about this in the previous quarters as well, but from a pricing standpoint, I think we were slightly behind where the franchisees were and taking pricing. And I think as the inflationary headwinds have actually built, whether it's the food basket or the investments in labor that we have to make in our stores, that has been a pinch point for company operating margins. As we've talked about, we're evolving given the national offers right now on the carryout side, and this benefit will come into the company-operated stores as well as the franchisee stores, obviously. And I think with what we've actually done in terms of changes that we've talked about since the last quarter, we're really pleased with the sequential improvement that we saw in same-store sales. It went from minus 9% to minus 1.9% between the second quarter and the third quarter.  So that's very encouraging. And this ends up being a leading indicator of where we can take our profitability of the corporate stores going forward. So it's not going to be an overnight fix, but a lot of the actions, including pricing, already underway. So I think it's more a question of time to actually see this play out in terms of total profit margins. So pass on to franchising.
Sandeep Reddy: John, this is Sandeep. And I think on the outlook for global unit growth, we're really bullish. I think things are looking very strong in terms of where the potential for growth exists. We've talked previously about 10,000 potential stores in our top 15 markets. That hasn't changed in terms of the calculus.  Looking at the more specific recent quarter, we've already flagged that in the U.S. be between the permitting and construction delays that we're dealing with, we're going to see a slowdown. The slowdown has come. So we saw that as a part of it. And I think specifically internationally, we talked about the exit of the Italian market by a master franchisee as a key driver of the decline. And I think in Brazil, we had our master franchisees there continuing to optimize the market. There were some stores that closed in the first quarter, and they close some more stores in the third quarter. So I wouldn't really read too much into this in terms of where the long-term international trends are going. It is very strong in terms of potential.  I talked in the prepared remarks about the paybacks on our U.S. stores. They're very compelling. They're around three years from more recent years like 2018 and 2019 seems to be on track as well. I can assure you that the international paybacks are even better. So the runway that we've got over there is very, very strong, and we're very confident of that.
Sandeep Reddy: Brian, thanks for that question. You're right. I mean the eight-point gap that we're seeing on delivery is higher than we've seen historically. But again, let's just keep in mind, it was 17 points in Q1. It was 11 points in Q2, and now it's eight points. It is still higher, and there's still a bit more work to be done, but we continue to make progress, as Russell talked about in the prepared remarks. So the key over here is we had to restore service to the levels that our customers are accustomed to. And we also need to make sure that we're able to fulfill all the demand comes our way. It's when those things actually happen that we know we've actually returned to where we need to be.  And I think as far as we're concerned, we continue to look for progress points as we make sequential progress through the year. And we're very confident that the answer is probably within the system like we've talked about previously. But I think we'll continue to look at profiles. We'll keep talking about it as we go through the next quarter.
Sandeep Reddy: Thanks, John. Appreciate the questions. Now I think in terms of the U.S. units, we flagged this back at the end of the second quarter when we talked about the expected slowdown due to the permitting and construction delays that we were seeing. I think it's expected to impact definitely the balance of the year, as we've talked about earlier. And frankly, until we see the permitting and construction delays completely abate, it is going to be a head.  But I think what we do see is once we get past that headwind, the demand is very strong from our franchisees. So we should see that to work to prior norms in terms of growth rates. And that's why we're really very convinced that we're on our way to that 8,000-plus mark. And I think it's more a question of getting past these macro disruptions that we are seeing over here. And then I think when it comes to the G&A and CapEx adjustments to guidance, I'll take the G&A one first. The G&A is impacted a little bit by the refranchising of stores that we talked about. So with the -- some of the -- with the corporate stores in Arizona and Utah are now moving into the franchise P&L, the G&A structure that was going with those stores vendor corporate stores wouldn't really hit our G&A, and that's part of the driver of it. And there are some other small elements of adjustments in terms of expenses that actually went into that as well. So -- but it's not major. It's just more of a reclass between corporate stores and franchise stores. And I think on CapEx, if you look at our run rate on CapEx, the $120 million was a bit of a tick up. We expected to have heavier spend on some of our supply chain investments. We're just pretty much sliding it forward. So I don't think it's going to change the cadence of how much spend we're going to have. It's just more of a timing impact starting forward.
Sandeep Reddy: So Andrew, thanks for the question. In terms of efficiencies in the cost structure, I think from the beginning of the year, we've been talking about continuing to look at it. I think it's a combination of other costs that actually could be eliminated if they make sense to eliminate. But more importantly, it's resource allocation, how do we redeploy resources to the best returns.  And so I think in terms of the journey that we're under, it's not really changed that much from what we talked about when I first talked to you in April. And I think we'll continue to do this as we move forward, not just in the fourth quarter but into '23 as well. And so from that standpoint, there's nothing more than that. But I think from a technology and supply chain standpoint, if you had a question, Russell some comments to add on that.
Sandeep Reddy: Yeah, Chris, sorry. Thanks for the question. And I think specifically on supply chain, if you go and look at the most recent quarter, yes, unit volume was down just because I think that was a driver that was a partial offset to the fact that the market basket pricing was up by 13.4%. But I think overall, when we look at the actual dynamics of what happened in the margin, there were two different things.  I think you had fuel and labor costs basically were also a headwind that actually impacted the supply chain margins in the quarter, which sequentially was a change. It was actually a hardening impact compared to the second quarter, and that's why you saw margins shift a little bit downwards in terms of the gap versus the prior year. And just a reminder, I think we've said this before, but supply chain margins in an increasing cost environment will contract because we have a constant dollar margin on what food product we sell. In the opposite situation where costs decline and food cost decline, we would be seeing improving margins. So this is nothing new in terms of our business model and the model that we apply to how we price to the franchisees. And so we expect to see this headwind for the balance of the year given where we're projecting the full basket.
Sandeep Reddy: Thanks, Lauren. I think what's really important is really think about the philosophy on how we look at pricing in the company, and it's not new, it's not stock side of this year, it's been happening over the last decade or more. And I think there's key elements to it. One is I think we would look at our input costs and essentially what that does in terms of long-term store profitability for the franchisees and our own corporate stores. But then we also look at the relative consumer price points and competition in the market.  So when you actually peel back to the decision to adjust the delivery mix and match back in March, all of these factors were taken into consideration. But I think we saw that there had been some hardening in cost was in the labor side. And because delivery is a more labor-intensive channel of business, we had visibility to that where the increases tend to be more permanent in nature. And to drive the contribution margin that was needed on the delivery side, we believe it was needed to make that adjustment to the mix and match price on delivery in March. While food basket had already started going up, what has happened historically is it's been very volatile. It can go up, but it can also reverse. So we wanted to make sure that the increasing costs that we are seeing on the food basket were likely to sustain. And also, we've examined over the last six months how competitive pricing has actually evolved in the marketplace.  So when you take both those elements under consideration competitive price shift as well as the fact that the food basket has continued to harden, we believe now is the right time to make the change on the carryout mix and match as well to drive that profitability for the franchisees and process.
Sandeep Reddy: Yeah, Jared, I think just a couple of points on that before I get into the international markets, which I think was the bulk away talking about the demand change. So I think what we talked about in the prepared remarks was specifically on delivery, there could be some pressure to the macroeconomic environment and inflationary environment. But I think overall, from a carryout standpoint versus delivery, we -- as we've said in the prepared remarks, it's very little overlap between the two businesses. And I think there's two pretty unique businesses. So we don't necessarily see a switch out between the two channels. But I think overall, when we talk about the impact of inflation, it is not just a domestic impact, it's international as well. So the same dynamics that we talked about being a pressure point would be an impact internationally, including the UK that we talked about. And I think the risk is when you have a very significant inflation, consumers may actually switch to cooking at home and preparing for it all.  And that's just the risk factor. We are an unprecedented inflationary times. So how consumer behavior evolves right now is still a little bit more to be seen, but our testing models show that there's a higher likelihood of switch if inflation remains at these elevated levels.
Sandeep Reddy: Yeah. I think when we talk to our franchisees and obviously when we mentioned this recent refranchising transaction as well, significant discussions around potential growth. And I think every time we actually have these discussions, we're talking about growth potential. The growth pipeline is very clearly seen by our franchisees. And they partner with us very extensively on how it happened that into our growth pipeline.  And so this comes from multiple conversations happening -- that are happening across the organization. They happen with all of our leadership in the organization with Russell, of course. And I'm really confident because I've seen that the level of confidence building since I've come in. So when I came in, in April, I think things were pretty much at the toughest point as they were. But I think every quarter that I've been over here sequentially I've seen an improving sentiment because solutions are being found. I think collectively, we're seeing improvements in performance.  And I think the latest decision that we've actually taken on the national offers has been very well received by our franchisee system, and we're all excited to drive long-term profitability.
Sandeep Reddy: So Alex, on this, I think I would just go back to what I said previously on G&A. I think the big driver of it was the refranchising transaction where the G&A basically shifts out of the corporate stores into the franchisee system. And I think in terms of how we would look at it, we've always continued to make investments to fuel growth. We will continue to make investments to fuel growth. We -- the growth algorithm is very much intact for the company.  And so I don't expect to have structural reductions in G&A. But at the same time, we just need to be very thoughtful about where we allocate the resources that we're investing in. And that's really more the focus of it than absolute reductions in G&A.
