Russell Weiner: Thanks, Sandeep. Before we close out the call, I want to touch on a couple of areas that are important as we move forward in 2023. The first one is store growth. As Sandeep mentioned in his comments, we expect that the U.S. store development pipeline will continue to be pressured by permitting and store construction supply chain challenges before seeing a gradual recovery beginning in the second half of the year. In my conversations with franchisees and discussions with our team on new commitments to store growth by our system, I’m confident that we will see an inflection in trend towards the end of the year and into 2024. Domino’s franchisees came out of a challenging 2022 with estimated store EBITDA of almost $140,000. This proves to me and more importantly to them, that building a Domino’s store remains one of the best investments in the restaurant industry. The second point I want to highlight is innovation, giving you a little bit of insight into our e-commerce pipeline. It’s not a comprehensive list, but it should help you understand that we’re bringing news to our customers while also improving our ability to drive loyalty and a more personalized experience, leveraging our robust customer database. As I mentioned on our last call, we’ll be refreshing and improving our Piece of the Pie loyalty program. When we launched it back in 2015, we were more of a delivery company with our carryout business still gaining momentum. So naturally, our loyalty program was designed more around the delivery customer. One of the key objectives of the refreshed Piece of the Pie program will be to explicitly cater to the carryout customer in addition to the delivery customer. We’re excited to add more value and rewards for everybody. We’ve also started to work on a redesign and rewrite of our entire e-commerce platform. This work will continue into 2024, and we will update you on progress along the way. Our digital ordering clients and tech stack have been a huge part of our strategy and a competitive advantage for us over time. So, we need to invest in these forms to ensure we remain in a leadership position. In closing, when I look back on the first quarter, I can’t help but be encouraged by the resilience of our business model and the competitive advantage that our franchisees and team members bring to Domino’s Pizza. I remain bullish on our future and look forward to telling you more of our story and our long-term strategy at our Investor Day, which will be held in late Q4. With that, we’ll open the call to questions.
Russell Weiner: Thanks, Sandeep. Morning, Brian. On the delivery side, it really is – to answer your question really in two parts. First, we grew delivery QSR pizza market share last year. We're continuing to do that in Q1. And so the point that you ask is what can we do in addition to drive that. And it's kind of the same basic things we outlined on the same call. It's driving value, delivery service were a minute better than we were a year ago. Innovation in all areas, not just product, but we have actually delivery innovation out there now with the electric vehicles. We're up to 1,000 vehicles. This new loyalty program is going to do a really good job in driving transactions. And then the majority of our delivery customers were online. And so I think what you're hearing when we're talking about redoing our e-commerce platforms, that's certainly going to help there as well.
Russell Weiner: Sure. I mean the point at the end of the day is we take a holistic look at the franchisees' P&Ls. And we just think that this is a better investment over the course of the next year, because of where we are in our marketing budget. So I don't expect an impression decline, I just think that this is a great overall use of their money for the year.
Russell Weiner: Hey Dennis. Good morning. I maybe take the first – the second question first to talk a little bit about third-party. We've got $1 billion business internationally with aggregators. And we're learning there every day. I think the number one thing that we've learned is whoever you work with or whoever you compete with, Domino's is better when we're a stickier brand. When we have more to make consumers when they decide where they're going to order to order from us. And stickiness is getting the value right, it's getting service right. You talked about innovation, so I'll get to that in a second. I think stickiness is also this new loyalty program. The updated loyalty program will make us stickier as well as recognizing that it's time to upgrade our e-commerce site. And so if we're a stickier Domino's Pizza, no matter who we compete with or work with here, we'll be in a place that we can win. Secondly, or firstly, I guess, would be the – what was your first question, a question on innovation. I would really ask that folks take a broad definition of innovation. And that's not to couch and say we're not going to be doing a lot of product innovation and stepping up that and we're not going to be doing carryout or delivery innovation. But let me give you an example of something that people maybe wouldn't think of as innovation which is carryout tips. Carryout tips, the majority of companies, what they call it is a bounce back coupon, and what our marketing people did, did a great job. And they said, you know what, we're incentive of calling it a $3 bounce-back coupon. We're a delivery company. In this case, customers are delivering our pizza, let's call it a tip. They get to $3 to the next week, and it's an incremental purchase. And that's an innovation. So I think you got product innovation with tots. Value innovation, I don't think anyone talks about value innovation, the way we do. Apple CarPlay is a carryout innovation, the cars or EV is delivery innovation. All of those types of innovations are things you should see on a quarterly basis, I expect to be able to update you on these calls. Thanks.
Russell Weiner: Yes. Sure. Good morning and thanks for the question. Actually, I think when we talk about broadness and competitiveness, what I'd like to start out with is carryout. We talk a lot about the fact that there's not a lot of overlap between delivery and carryout historically about 15%. And so if you look back at the last three years on our U.S. carryout business, it's up almost 30% in same-store sales. So to think that that's a very incremental piece of growth for our business, should hopefully help you understand how we think about diversifying and differentiating and growing ourselves as not only a pizza delivery company, but as a total restaurant. And I think – on the delivery piece, again, I’ll point to we are growing pizza delivery market share, but we think we can do more. And a lot of it is because certainly, the competition is different. But I think we’ve learned a lot, Greg, over the last few years. You think of what we learned through COVID. We went through some capacity constraints. We went through driver availability issues. And they say the necessity is the mother of invention. And that’s why we’re doing this summer of service program here. We’re inviting our franchisees up, because we’ve made significant improvements and innovations because of all of this learning, we will now be better in our circle of operations and in our technology, and these are substantial enough that it’s not something that we can train people in a video. Every single Domino’s U.S. franchisee is coming up here to Ann Arbor for this training, and they will leave with individual plans that they’re putting together for their stores when they go back. And at the end of the day in order to really step change ourselves when these macro things go away, it’s going to be stepping up service. And I think, hopefully, this is an example of how we’re leaning in there.
Russell Weiner: I don’t think we’re going to go into – by the way, sorry, good morning. I don’t think we’re going to go into the detail of the specific numbers of our dayparts. But your answer is – or your – the answer to your question is absolutely. Finding incremental drill sites has been key for this brand. I remember when I joined in 2008, the majority of our stores weren’t open for lunch. We gave them a product with sandwiches and then later pasta. And now that’s a pretty significant piece of our business. We also weren’t a big carryout company and obviously now carry out half of the orders that come through Domino’s. So what we’re – what our job is to do every day is to find incremental drill sites and dayparts are absolutely one of those areas that we look.
Russell Weiner: Yes. I think maybe the way to interpret what I said before is, there are opportunities and there are also potential issues with competing with folks or working with folks. And we’re not going to think about going into anything unless we’re our best Domino’s. And the best Domino’s we’re getting there every day. We’re improving our service, and we talked about some of the tech and loyalty pieces. And then we’ll be in a better place to compete with or work with anybody.
Russell Weiner: Maybe I’ll refer back to the prior questions. We’re always looking for drill sites. If there are incremental drill sites that are smart for us, and this is one of them. You’re never going to hear that this team closes the book on things. Right now, we’re focused on making ourselves a better Domino’s.
Russell Weiner: Good morning, Josh. I think the best way to answer that question is to invite you to come up and join us for our Investor Day in Q4. We are really excited to show you what we show our franchisees, which are takeaways on the things that we’ve learned through some of these capacity issues, driver availability issues. And then more importantly, how that is leading to ideas to reinvent our circle of operations and improve technology to help circle of operations, but also help at the end of the day, the product the customer gets to be as hot as it can be. And also improve would it like to work at a Domino’s pizza. So maybe if there were videos, and I’d be able to show you stuff a little bit more, but this is the old-school phone call. And so you have to come up to Ann Arbor. And we look forward to seeing you.
Russell Weiner: Hey John, it’s a great question. We are making improvements in, call it, kind of the tweaking of it through A/B testing, Multivariate tested things like that. I think the reason we’re leaning into a new loyalty program and a redo, I don’t think I know and a redo of our e-commerce business is there are certain things that we want to be able to do that we’re not doing right now. And this will really let us lean into personalization in a much bigger way. So great question, and the timing is perfect.
Russell Weiner: And I think what I’d add to that is a lot of times we’re asked on these calls, do you see any trade down from delivery to carryout. I talked earlier about how there’s a little overlap between the two. We’re seeing a lot of trade down from non-Domino’s carryout into Domino’s carryout. And I think it’s those consumers we’re talking about. So certainly, from a delivery standpoint, there are macro pressures, but I think that’s actually an advantage for us on the carryout side.
Russell Weiner: All right. Well, we’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning, and we look forward to speaking to you in July to discuss our Q2 results. Until then, talk to you soon.
Sandeep Reddy: So, good morning Brian and thank you for the question. I’ll take the first piece, and I think Russell will cover the second piece that you asked – so in terms of the outlook, I think you’re asking about the global retail sales outlook of 4% to 8% a rating that is still expected to be at the low end for 2023. And I think when we go back to what we said last time and again, what we’re saying this time, not really changing the narrative of what we said, drove that adjustment in the first place, which was the challenges that we were seeing in the U.S. delivery business was the primary driver of the lowered estimation of the global retail sales outlook. So we feel very confident more broadly about the business because the carryout business has been great. The international business, as you just heard from Russell did extremely well as well, notwithstanding the UK, VAT impact that we were rolling over. So we feel really good about the overall business. But I think until we come through the delivery challenges, and that's what you asked Russell about, we basically believe that the outlook is appropriate.
Sandeep Reddy: And Pete, I'll just add a little bit to that, because I think it's very important to think about this strategically and holistically for both a financial standpoint and kind of what we're looking at. And we were engaged in deep discussions with our franchisees before we actually made this move. And I think over the course of the pandemic, we've actually built up the ad fund reserve to a point where we believe that the resources that are in the ad funds are more than enough to cover the demands that we have from an advertising standpoint this year. And at the same time, as we looked at innovation and the need to invest in technology, our franchisees and us believe that this was the right way to redeploy investment. And so we've done it very clearly with a view to the long-term. And this is, as we said, have been one year adjustment that we made. So we'll take a look at it in one year's time and decide what to do.
Sandeep Reddy: Hi Sara, quite a few questions in there, but I'll take this. I'll take them in a sequence. So I think you're first talking about some of the things that I pointed out to in the prepared remarks on the benefits that we got in the first quarter on the comp from the tailwinds that we had from lapping Omicron and also the fact that we had a boost week in 2023, which we didn't have in 2022. And I'm not going to unpack the details of exactly how much that was, but definitely, those were two tailwinds, and they're actually a third tailwind also if I think about it, because we have now lapped the national pricing update on delivery. And I think we definitely got the benefit of that pricing impact that actually was embedded in ticket as well. So when you think about all these different elements, there is going to be an expectation that there will be some deceleration relative to that, because those were tailwinds that we had uniquely in the first quarter. And that's why we actually pointed those out. And then I think the broader topic of shifting to dine-in, I think our point when we actually did the Q4 call was, we've seen throughout 2022, a shift back into dine-in. And I think – but when we look at the values of where the dine-in had reached, we were still well below 2019 levels for dine-in. And so the expectation that we had when we set up our outlook for the two to three-year time frame is and particularly on 2023, was to continue to see that shift happening over the course of 2023.
Sandeep Reddy: Hi Chris, and thanks for the question. I think when we talk about pricing options and value, I think that’s a constant. It’s not this last year. It’s been over the last decade or more that we’ve been doing this. And so we’ll continue to evaluate pricing relative to competition and kind of what the macro environment will actually yield from a demand standpoint, because we always are going to do the work. But I don’t think we’re particularly in trying to say what we’re going to do or not going to do because it’s going to be the outcome of the work.
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. So Chris, you are right that transactions did decline last year in the second quarter as well. So, I think that piece is consistent between Q1 and Q2. What is not necessarily consistent is the fact that we had the Omicron tailwind. We had one boost week in Q1 of this year, which was not there in Q1 of last year. And I think you asked – the second part of your question was about pricing and the national pricing lab. We’re not going to really get into the detail at this point. But clearly, it was a pretty significant increase to $6.99 from $5.99 million – so you can do the math and look for how much that’s going to be. But I think it is enough of an impact for me to call it out in terms of that being moderating in Q2.
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. So Andrew, I think – thanks for the question. And like I said on the last call, we’re not going to look at stacks as a way of measuring our business. And I think it’s fair enough that you can actually ask the question, but really, what we want to look at is something’s that are more near term, and that’s why we’ve really talked about the current care comp and the comparison that we’re overlapping. So what we really see is a terrific carryout business, a really terrific carryout business. And to basically be lapping 11% last year, it’d be doing 13.5% or 13.4% this year was a great result for us. And look, delivery, there’s a number of things that we’re working on. You heard all about the initiatives on value and service and innovation that we’re working on. So we are doing everything within our control to drive an improvement in the performance on that on that part of the business. And even there, look, sequentially, it improved from minus 6.6% in Q4 to minus 2.1% in Q1. We’re not happy with negative comps. We want to actually inflect the positive comps. So we’re going to keep on working on that. And we have talked about the macro. It’s not gone away, and that is impacting us to some extent. But we don’t want to keep making excuses about the macro. We want to focus on what’s in our control, and that’s why we’re really putting our foot forward and actually driving all of those initiatives to get to the outcomes that we need. So super bullish on the long-term. I think we just have to work for some of these short-term issues.
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. So Lauren, thanks for the question. I think on the delivery carryout business, they’re both really good businesses with different margin profiles, but very good businesses. And I think when we look at the profitability to the franchisees; they’re both very, very accretive to their profits. And I think that’s why when we actually look at the shift that’s occurring between delivery and carryout the franchisee profit is not impacted in a significant way because of just the shift. Both – businesses are super important, so you don’t want to actually decline in delivery, like, unfortunately, we did last year. But I think overall, from our check size, I’m not going to quantify how big the ticket is on average for delivery versus carryout but typically, delivery ticket is going to be higher than carryout. But I think the cost of delivery is a little bit more labor intensive for obvious reasons because you have driver cost in particular. So the flow-through on that in terms of dollars is good, but I think the cost profile is higher, and therefore, the margins are smaller on a delivery transaction versus the carryout transaction.
Sandeep Reddy: Yes. So I think on this, the – what we pointed out from a macro standpoint was on the last call, more particularly than this call. But – what we also noted, if you go back to my prepared remarks, I did say that we’re going to have to continue to monitor real disposable income and the trends in that. And kind of how that’s evolving? Because what you’re seeing right now is inflation is on a downward trend, but wage growth seems to be holding up in the U.S. economy. But I think it cuts a little bit differently depending on income strata. So I think over time, you’re going to basically see potentially a change in the dynamic. But as of now, we still see this being a pressure point.
Sandeep Reddy: A few things that I’m going to unpacked in your questions. And I think let’s start with the international unit growth question that you had. There was pretty much a timing issue between our fiscal calendar and our master franchisees, which is going to be a noise factor, frankly, for the many quarters in the year. You’ll see quarter-to-quarter noise. But I think overall, when we look at the pipeline of where our master franchisees are projecting the year end openings are going to be. We feel pretty good that we are on track for a full year basis, and that’s really incorporated into our global unit growth estimation. And so I think then I will talk about the U.S. store growth in particular. Look, I mean, we’ve been saying since the beginning of the year that we expected to see a first half be pressured by the same issues, which is permitting supply chain construction challenges that we – want to get through. But you heard Russell say themselves, which is we’ve been talking to the system. We’ve been talking to franchisees. We’ve been talking to our own internal teams really digging in because our pipeline is very, very robust. And frankly, the appetite for store openings is very strong. And that’s why we feel that yes. First, we’ll see a bit of a stabilization in the second half, and then we’re going to see that inflection. And as Russell said, it’s into 2024 because we have a pipeline that goes beyond 2023 right now. And that’s why we have so much confidence. And I’m going to actually bring in another piece, which you didn’t ask, but I’m going to say that this is a very critical element.  I talked about the inflection in profits for the franchisees in the fourth quarter. If anything, that inflection is accelerating right now based on our first quarter results. And if you look carefully at the food basket guidance, we’re not going towards the low end, all that flows through. And I think overall, the franchisees are in a very good place from a profit standpoint relative to how they started off Q1 of last year. So there’s a number of tailwinds that actually will reinforce that confidence in the system is showing in our unit growth projections.
