J. Patrick Doyle: You're going to see investment this year and as we expand the capacity. So, yeah, that's coming soon. The primary driver of growth in supply chain was volume growth. And remember, not only are we having terrific top growth domestically and in Canada, it was actually even stronger in Canada than in the U.S. It is all order growth. And on top of that, you've got store growth coming out. So if you look at total kind of pounds of foods sold through our supply chain, there are a lot of factors that are playing in there to pretty tremendous growth in food shipped out to the stores.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I mean, that's – you're doing the math and add on some for Canada as well, and overall, it's about scale. And with that kind of volume going through, they're just efficiencies that are coming with it, and it was a very, very strong quarter.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I think, Brian, that the real answer is kind of in the set up I was giving which is we made a decision a number of years back now that we were going to look at the long term on this business fundamentally, exclusively. And that is something that you can only do obviously if the near term is working. But our view is that if you keep your eyes up on the long term, if you're looking out three to five years on the business and you're making investments on that kind of a time horizon, a lot of the competition out there, frankly, doesn't look at things that way. And so, we do that and obviously at some point, if you're doing that right, the short-term gets better and gets easier, and kind of starts taking care of itself and that's what we've been seeing. What I would reiterate for you is that on both our domestic and international business, when we look out in kind of the medium term, we have guided you to 3% to 6% comps for both the domestic and international business. And so that's when we look out, that's where we think it's going to be, kind of over the medium term, we're right in the middle of that range with our international business and we're clearly still well above that range on the domestic business. But in terms of looking at the one year, two-year stacks, three-year stacks, sure, of course, we're looking at those. But at the end of the day, our focus is on how do we continue to make this a better experience for our customers next year than it was this year. And while we have done some new product launches, we always try to remind ourselves that the typical customer orders kind of their favorite pizza on an ongoing basis. And so, if somebody is a pepperoni pizza customer, how are we going to make that experience better for them next year than it is this year, that's what's ultimately going to drive growth in the business.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. And remember, Karen, what we did talk about is the fact that that process is done in South Africa, it's done in Germany. So the only place where there was a little bit of activity was in France. We have disclosed that there is a smaller chain in Norway may get converted, but that activity is basically in the rear-view mirror as of the end of 2016. There will be a little bit but in 2017, that's going to be a relatively immaterial part of the overall growth.
J. Patrick Doyle: And, Karen, the only thing I would add is, and you've been reading probably the same things we've been reading on, it is the consensus seems to be that as EMV readers rolled out in the U.S., they saw the same thing happen in the U.S. as happened in Europe, which was fraud levels did not change. They just shifted from retail to online. And our experience is that that assessment looks correct.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, I guess what I'd tell you, Karen, is that right now, we are primarily focused on how do we drive the fraud out of the transactions on kind of a direct basis. And so all of the other things that you kind of discussed there, but we look at those frankly separately. We're not going to do those things simply because of how they might affect fraud. There would have to be a really good customer reason for – you talked about stored value or some of the other things – for doing that. And yeah, we certainly review partners and looked at the outside kind of fraud prevention groups and are doing some things internally. And I think the answer is, like fraud at retail, it is an ongoing battle and something that we are certainly very much on top of and engaged in and putting resources on, but not something that is likely to go away. It's really going to be something that you just manage on an ongoing basis, and we look forward to the credit card companies looking at technologies that might effectively combat that online.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. Really the answer is across the board. We continue to get a great return on television, and our television spend is up but we're also finding great places to spend it on digital and that continues to grow as well. So it really has been across the board.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. We're not going to get into the mix within the quarter. I think as you're used to it, that's kind of our standard approach.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. John, I think at some level that's true. And I mean, effectively, all of our corporate stores are within areas that would have those services now. There might be a couple that are outside of that. And I guess what I would say is that our answer on this remains the same as it has been before which is to date, we have certainly not seen any evidence that the growth of both aggregators on the digital side or increase in delivery activity has had any effect on our business.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. You are right in all of your assumptions, and there are those in the industry who have thought that we might be a great partner on those. And our answer has continued to be and remain that the competitive advantage that we've created in digital and in delivery is something that we're going to use to grow the Domino's brand. And I guess, the only thing I would say on that is that if our share of the business were double or triple what it is today, I suppose you might think about that a little differently. But when you're sitting, selling one in six pizzas or one in seven pizzas in the U.S., there's an awful lot of growth for us in sticking to our knitting, and I think our results are kind of evidence that the potential distraction of doing it for others is not a risk really worth taking.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I think what I would say is you're seeing a lot of people experimenting with it right now and learning about it and trying some of the different services, both on the aggregator side and on the delivery side. But I don't know that I have seen evidence that it's changing the trajectory of anybody's business at this point.
J. Patrick Doyle: So Jeff, the answer is these effects are going to happen based on when people exercise stock options. And so it is only predictable if you can predict when people are going to choose to exercise their options. The only thing that I would say that will maybe help on that is when you look at our K, it does give you a sense of under the equity incentive plans, it gives you a sense of kind of the average life left on those options. And so you're going to have some sense but people can leave the organization, people can decide they're going to exercise early or later, that's why it's going to fluctuate. I mean our tax rate is clearly going to move around. But short-term predictability on that is not going to be easy.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. There could be further upside. I mean, we've always said there is at least another thousand. And I think as I've said before, we've been saying there is at least another thousand for a while even as the store count has grown. So we are continuing to see more opportunity for kind of full buildout in the U.S. than we did in the past. And I think there are two things that really play into that. First, as our comps have gone up, as our same-store sales have gone up, it has made more and more stores viable than may have been viable in the past. So as we're able to pull more sales per household out, which has been kind of the primary driver of our comp growth over the course of the last five, seven years, that means necessarily that areas that you may have looked at before and said I'm not sure if the stores are going to work there, now you get more optimistic about that. The other thing I would say is population continues to grow in the U.S., little bit under 1% a year. And so the way I look at it is on our store base, if we're not growing 50 or 60 stores a year, we're not even keeping up with population growth in the U.S. So, yes, we continue to believe that there are at least a thousand more. That number has gone up in terms of what we think the potential is versus the past, and it's something that we're continuing to assess. But in any sort of near- to medium-term basis, we're not seeing real constraints on our ability to continue to grow stores.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I think what I'd say is kind of what we've always consistently said, which is most of those shifts and weather and all of that short-term stuff is just not big enough that it makes that material difference. And so, honestly, we try to not spend a lot of time worrying about that. There will be an individual day where we'll wake up in the morning and our sales will be dramatically up or dramatically down, and our adrenaline has to go down after 30 seconds when we realize, oh, wait, it was Easter a year ago or New Year's Eve or whatever. But overall, particularly if the kind of comps that we're putting up, it just doesn't have a material effect on that growth rate.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. We're going to be compliant next Friday. And our website, all of our digital ordering already is. When you get to the checkout page, the calories are there and listed. And so, we will comply with whatever law is in place next Friday, and currently, it will be in place next Friday.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, there is. I mean, for the system and for the franchisees, I mean, you're looking at a few thousand dollars per store that they have to invest in store. And so, our point of view has been and remains that we've been disclosing calories for, I think 12, 13, 14 years now. There is a really good way to do it where our customers are making decisions. 60% of our business is digital now, and that's the best, most efficient place to do it. And if you're calling on the phone, then you're not going to have it there, and the best way to access it if you're calling on the phone, is also going to be online. And so, we think that's the right way to do it. It's the efficient way to do it. And we've had a pretty strong point of view around that, but we will certainly comply with whatever laws are there. And frankly, the cost is really about putting things up in the stores, and we don't think that's going to have any effect. In fact we know, based on having rolled it out a number of years ago in New York, that it doesn't have any effect on customer behavior, because in the store is not where people are ordering, and the range of calories that are posted are frankly not helpful for the customer in making a decision, even if they do line up in the store to place an order.
J. Patrick Doyle: Our delivery is up materially. But as Jeff was saying before, our carryout was actually even up a little bit more in the first quarter. So both parts of our business are growing very, very strongly. And I guess what I'd say is this new trend towards food delivery is something that we started three years before I was born, in 1960. And our founder in 1960 was pretty convinced it was a good idea, and he's a smart man and he was correct. Bringing people their food is a really good idea. It is really difficult, and I think people continue to underestimate how difficult it is to do efficiently and give consistent service to your customers. And so stay tuned as people talk about executional issues and margin effect and all the rest of it. Delivery is not easy, and we will see how all this plays out, but we're growing our delivery and our carryout business. And as it relates to the first part, we have determined that our franchisees are happier the faster sales are growing. But we've been producing record profit year over year for a number of years now at the store level. That remains what we believe is one of the most critical metrics for the financial success of a mostly franchise business, and we remain committed to focusing on that hard. And our long-term guidance is 3% to 6%, but certainly we like it even better when we're above that.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, so I don't see any difference in competitive intensity versus what we've had in the past. We believe that our efficiencies in our system do give us real competitive advantage. And while food costs are pretty benign, you are seeing,- certainly in some markets, some pretty good inflation rate in wages, and a lot of it is healthier, a lot of it is coming in places simply because that's what you've got to pay to staff your stores. So we all have to deal with that. And I think the efficiency that we have and our scale gives us some advantages, and that's been certainly part of the story around why we've been consolidating share.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, certainly nothing that we're going to talk about going forward. What I would say is that we think the simplicity of our program is a real strength in the program and we are always looking at things and testing things, and trying things, and that's part of our process around here. But certainly, nothing that we're going to talk about today or prior to launching it but I would say that we think that simplicity of the program, the ease for customers to understand what they're going to get from us is one of the strengths.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. We are. I would say that we've been running two messages, we've been running very consistently a carryout message which is not something we have done over a long-term in the past. And so I think the consistency of value that we're giving in carryout has certainly been helping the growth. More stores helps, because people are not willing to go as far as they're willing to let our drivers go to bring them food. And so as we've grown stores, I think that helps our carryout business and the mix of the carryout. And certainly, the reimaging program that we've gone through is going to more directly affect carryout customer than a delivery customer. And so I think there are a number of things that are playing into it.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I think there certainly is, although I would say that I think it is more a result of kind of overall employment levels maybe then that's been really kind of competition for those drivers, at least so far. But for those drivers who are listening to this call, my pitch is you're going to be more consistently busy and receiving tips at Domino's than working somewhere else, and that is ultimately what keeps drivers happy is that they're busy. And the more orders they're getting in an hour, the more tips they're getting in an hour and that's ultimately what's going to make it a good earning proposition for them and they do really well with us. And so that's ultimately how we're able to compete.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, I mean, in a material basis, no. I mean, has there been a sea change in kind of how we approach it? No. But you certainly have seen some wage inflation as I was saying before. Some of it is a result of minimum wage, but some of it is simply because there are areas in the country where employment levels are strong enough that you're going to have to compete not just with other delivery concepts, but with other employment opportunities for those people. And so there certainly has been some wage inflation on average.
J. Patrick Doyle: All right. So thanks, everyone. And we look forward to discussing our second quarter results on Thursday, July 20.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. When you kind of do – this is Jeff. When you kind of do that rough math, Matt, you've obviously got the royalty contractual rates which really haven't changed the bunch. I think the one thing you need to remember though is you have $250,000 or so conversions that we've got done in 2016 that are rolling through. And again, as we share in the investment upfront as those guys invest in the brand and change at all their leaseholds, we do typically provide some royalty relief there for the first year to two years depending on kind of their performance. And then, the other stuff we have rolling around in there in some of the global online ordering platform revenue. So as those two things kind of – both kind of ebb and flow quarter-over-quarter, you may see some movements in that rough math.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. I mean, I think you mentioned transaction-related expenses, that's some of the charge-backs we talked about. Obviously, credit card usage continues to go up. You're going to get a little bit there. On the food side, specifically, we did have a little bit of a lower ticket as we've been running really effective marketing and advertising, both looking after our delivery business. But also ever increasingly, our fantastic carryout business which does have a little bit of a lower ticket, you're getting a little bit of a math problem there, playing with the percentages as well. What I would point though, too, is that's a really good thing to have because we're really growing carryout and delivery still at a very healthy pace. But because you have different amounts of food in those baskets, because you have different ticket, you can play around a little bit with the percentages but to us, as we look at that, it's good news. But what I can tell you is if the food is not going up as a percentage because of waste or ineffectiveness in the stores, it's really more of a math problem.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah, Brian. It's Jeff. I mean, again, just to reiterate what Patrick said, I mean, first and foremost, this is about healthy volume growth in the U.S. business and Canada. Again, we do deliver food to all of our franchisees in Canada as well, and they actually grew, hard to believe, but actually grew faster than the U.S. business in Q1. On the CapEx side, the supply chain stuff is really baked into the $75 million estimate, I gave you all in January at Investor Day. And again, that can flex. Depending on how fast we grow our brand and the additional capacity we think we need to grow over time, we are going to make those investments, whether it's a little bit more or a little bit less than the current estimate. So there's still some to play out there, but our supply chain team is zeroed in on the investments that they need to make to continue with the impressive growth of the brand and again, it's about volume growth. And I did mention in my prepared remarks, we have a unique setup here at Domino's where we share 50% of our profits in our supply chain system. As our franchisees in the U.S. and Canada continue to execute at just a phenomenal rate and pace, they share $0.50 out of every dollar that we make through that system. So we really like that alignment, we love that they're winning with us, with profits here. And as I mentioned, their profit sharing checks are at an all-time record high right now. So it's on us to get these capacity investments made. We've zeroed in on them and we will be swinging hammers very shortly here.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: A real small number. We didn't disclose it but it's not at the rate and pace that we saw in 2016 as we told you we expected.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah, Karen, it's Jeff. We have the EMV readers in our 400 corporate stores in the U.S. With that obviously and, being such a digital presence to the extent that there is any transactional-related expenses on chargebacks, you can see that exacerbate a little bit, particularly in some of the urban markets that we are in. We are seeing that. It is a challenge for us. But we've got resources dedicated against it to try to manage it the best we can. The other thing buried in transaction-related expense increase is the fact that more and more customers are choosing to use credit cards with us over time, as you would expect with most QSR folks that have a digital presence. So a little bit of both of those things. On the credit card side, we're happy to take those as payment from our customers if that's what convenient for them. I would expect that trend to kind of continue most likely. On the chargeback side, it's an area of opportunity for us.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah, Pete. It's Jeff. One thing I think, and again – not that we're proposing you use a two-year stack or a three-year stack any better than any other stack. But if you look at a two-year stack, the gap between franchise and our 400 corporate stores isn't as wide. The other thing, I think, though that's probably driving some of that is, our team USA corporate store footprint skews a little bit more urban on average than all of our other franchise stores in the U.S. and as a result of the fact that our company-owned stores were really adopters of digital and online a little bit quicker than our franchise stores, years and years ago. You're seeing a little bit more digital mix in our corporate stores, which means that the impact of loyalty and the tailwind we're getting from that is a little bit more as well. So I think it's all those of things kind of put together. But listen, geographically, regionally, our franchisees are doing well, our corporate stores are doing well, and that's not a gap that we're concerned about.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. So both the corporate stores and the franchise business driven by traffic ticket in both, just slightly down.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: It primarily runs through the provision line item. There is a small impact that runs through the denominator of the share, but it's very small. And just as a reminder, that $6.5 million running through the provision is real cash. That's the real break that we will get on our taxes when we file them.
