J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah Brian. I guess, we're going to repeat what we've said before, which is, it was a significant contributor to our comps in 2016. We do know pretty exactly how much of our comp came from the loyalty program. But we're not going to disclose that for competitive reasons. But what I would reiterate was, it was a significant part of the progress for 2016, but along with a lot of other factors that were going right. But clearly, it worked for us and we continue to be very positive about it.
J. Patrick Doyle: No, it's been pretty consistent across carryout and delivery. And it has grown as a percentage of our business over the last 10 or 15 years. So carryout has, in general, grown a little bit faster than delivery, but when I joined Domino's almost 20 years ago, we were 85% or 90% delivery. It's now more kind of two-thirds, one-third. So over time, our carryout business has grown faster, but more recently, I think they've been growing pretty much at kind of the same pace.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. I'm not going to get into this quarter's results, but if you look at a lot of the comments that have been coming out, they were as much about the fourth quarter as they were about kind of what they're seeing early in this year. And not to state the obvious, but with our comps for the fourth quarter, we clearly weren't feeling that. And so we continue to feel pretty good about the category overall through the end of fourth quarter, and I am not going to get into kind of talking about the first quarter, as you're used to us not doing.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. No, I think while we clearly grew share overall in the fourth quarter and we may have seen a little bit more of that coming from some of the national players than maybe in the past, we continue to believe that the big story over the medium to long term is, it is very tough to see how a regional player is going to compete against kind of the national players and the strength that we have with our digital platforms. So I think that the overall thesis of kind of the big national players taking share from the regional players continues to be in place. And as I've said before, the great small local player who knows half of their customers and they do a great job, they've got an ability to compete. But if they're not executing well or if it's a regional player trying to figure out how to compete with digital, I think it's very difficult for them.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. What you've seen, Greg, really is a very consistent upward trend in kind of our net unit growth. And that's certainly something that we hope is going to continue. We continue to see a big opportunity for unit growth in the U.S. As our same-store sales have increased, that only creates more opportunities for more stores to open up over time. So we continue to feel very good about the momentum you're seeing from our domestic store growth. We think there is still a very good runway for growth there. And the one thing that I would highlight, and we talked about this at the Investor Day, is look at the net store growth, but also look at it in kind of its component pieces. And what you'll see is we had a remarkably low number of closures in 2016, which is a reflection of the overall strength of our system right now. So not only are a lot of our franchisees optimistic and they're building more stores and we're seeing an increase in the gross number of openings, you're also seeing an extremely low number of closures. And I think it's important to kind of pull those apart both for us and kind of as you look at the category overall, to kind of understand the relative strength of our system right now.
J. Patrick Doyle: No, Will, we've been incredibly consistent on our pricing for a number of years now. I mean, you go back four, five, six years, and we've been very, very consistent. So, overall, from a pricing standpoint, I really don't see it any more or less competitive right now within the pizza category than we've seen in the past. And I think you're seeing a very consistent approach to value from us as well. So I think it's a pretty steady-as-it-goes sort of environment from a pricing standpoint.
J. Patrick Doyle: No. I think what you've seen, Will, is our customers, obviously, just from how they are behaving, which is ultimately more important than even what they're saying, they're saying they're happy with our approach. And you know, what you've seen from us is maybe one new launch a year. They have tended to be permanent additions to our menu, which we think is important. We don't like spending time and energy and training and advertising on things that are going go away shortly after we launch them. And so I think you're going to continue to see that. And our franchisees, based on sales growth, on profit growth, they're clearly very happy with the approach that we're taking as well. And you've even heard that from some of our competitors. I mean, when you roll out new products, it requires focus and effort and training. And so our view is to do that only for things that we think are going to have a material impact on our business. And clearly, it's worked pretty well.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah Jeff, we continue to watch it very, very carefully. And as we've said at our Investor Day, it frankly has done maybe a bigger sort of an impact outside of the U.S. than inside the U.S. And I would particularly call out China, where the aggregators are very developed, but in the U.S., our share of total digital food orders has been flat to even up. So I'm not talking about the share of our orders that are digital. I am talking about the share of total digital food orders that are going through Domino's. We're continuing to be very, very strong overall. And so near-term, we still have not seen any real impacts. We think the economics of our model and the fact that, frankly, for our franchisees, we are, by far, the best deal in town, we think is part of why we're able to be successful continuing to drive growth with our digital orders and our overall business. So certainly something we're going to continue to watch very carefully, but not something we have seen significantly impact our business yet, particularly in the U.S.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. No, I think overall, it's absolutely fine. The comp in the fourth quarter was right in the middle of our long-term guidance that we give and we were rolling over, I think, an 8.5% in the fourth quarter of 2015. So, no, overall I think we're still feeling very good about our international business and really not seeing any particular dislocation outside of the U.S.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. The conversions is the big one. And as we said, there were 254 conversions last year. And that conversion process is done in Germany. It's done in South Africa. There are some left in the conversion that we were doing in France, but still a relatively low number there. And so, mostly those conversions are now in the rearview mirror. So that is a little bit more on kind of the one-time side. And what I would say, though, overall, if you remember from our Investor Day, is we raised our unit guidance globally to 6% to 8%, and that's on a higher base. So overall, we're feeling good about it, but those conversions are going to be more of a one-time event.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, so I'm not going to talk about anything we're maybe going to do in the future. But clearly, very happy with the salad launch and the customer reaction, as you could tell from the sales growth was very good.
J. Patrick Doyle: No we're still finding that the return on investment on incremental advertising is very good. Remember that when you look at television, you've seen pretty consistently 5%, 6%, 7% sort of inflation in rates on GRPs and so some of the growth is just being absorbed with kind of the inflation in media overall. We have continued to spend more on digital and get a very good return there as well. So overall, you're absolutely right. I mean, our advertising dollars have continued to grow as our system sales have grown in the U.S., but that's part of what keeps the momentum building on the business. And part of what's contributing to the overall comp is our share of voice continues to increase in the pizza category in the U.S. And you asked kind of where we stand versus others. I think overall right now, we're basically in the same range as Pizza Hut. We are certainly much bigger than anyone else. Measurements on that are not perfect, because as you get down into digital and local advertising spends, you don't know always have kind of perfect visibility on that. But we're basically in the same range as Hut and the two of us are bigger than other folks.
J. Patrick Doyle: I will be honest. Until I saw people starting to write about it over the course of the last two weeks, I had never even thought about the timing of tax returns. I don't know, Jeff, if you've got anything to add to that.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, so, the first thing, I just want to correct something. You said that PULSE is in 25 markets. PULSE is in the majority of our markets at this point. And so that's the POS system, GOLO, Global Online Ordering, is the digital ordering platform and that's the one that's in 25 markets. We're continuing to add markets. Part of the ramp that you have seen on expenditures on digital ordering in our platforms has been building the team to on-board markets in international. So you're going to continue to see that grow this year and going forward. We think it's a real competitive advantage for those markets, because for the same reason that I say it is difficult for a regional competitor in the U.S. to have their own digital platform. So if you've got 100 or 200 stores, it is very difficult to kind of build your own platform. It is every bit as true for our master franchisees outside of the U.S., so unless they've got real scale. And so look at our big four public master franchisees, who have an awful lot of stores and critical mass, it's debatable whether or not it is wise for them to do it themselves, probably more efficient for us to do it for them. But they certainly have the scale that they can do it well. But for the smaller players, I think you're going to continue to see them come onto our platform.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah. So, John, on the first part of the question around pricing, we are at $0.21 to our franchisees. And our goal is to give the best digital experience to our customers and to our franchisees, and so to have the best digital platform in the restaurant industry, and we want to do it for the best value. So is there an ability, as we make investments, to move pricing? Yes, there is. But what we want to do is create more value for our franchisees than anyone else in the restaurant industry, and to do it for the best possible value.
J. Patrick Doyle: Yeah, there probably are not any on the domestic side, at least not any of any real scale. I mean, it's always possible we find a little five store group or something somewhere, but that hasn't happened in my memory even, in Domino's. On the international side, there are a few, but it's pretty limited at this point. I mean really, the big constraining factor on conversions is what our footprint looks like, where that potential conversion might be. And as we get bigger and have a stronger footprint in a lot of markets around the world, the opportunity to do that gets smaller and smaller. So, I mean, we had a couple dozen stores, I think maybe 18 stores in Germany before we started the conversion there; obviously, a very, very big market. We had no presence in South Africa. And we had very limited presence in kind of Normandy and Brittany, which is where the French conversion is that we've been doing. So, it really comes down to presence. And, because you've got a delivery area and you've kind of locked down where a store is going to be able to deliver to, if you've got a lot of overlap between your footprint and a potential conversion's footprint, the economics just don't work for doing the conversion. So, there are still a few out there, but certainly what you saw last year, I think, is going to be unusual.
J. Patrick Doyle: Well, that's something that we're constantly working on, as we look at some of the investments that we're making in technology and analytics. And a lot of those things are about efficiency in our stores, finding opportunities for efficiency. But at the end of the day, one of the best ways to deal with any pressure on labor costs is grow your sales. And we've been doing that and there is a lot of efficiency that comes from just simply putting more volume through your stores. And that has a kind of a positive ongoing virtuous circle of effect on the business, which is it allows you to continue to be consistent around the value that you are producing for your customers. It allows you to be able to pay your team members well, so your stores are staffed, so you can give good service, which is going to grow your sales. I mean, it's just the momentum in the business simply gives you a much more flexibility in how you approach and it has clearly been part of the positive effect, is just sales growth themselves allow you to do things to continue to get that sales growth and manage that labor line.
J. Patrick Doyle: No, no, I mean, the NFL continues to be a great property. We advertise on the NFL. Somehow, that wound up getting an awful lot of press in the fall about ratings, but what I'd tell you is that ratings overall across primetime have continued to be down a little bit. Our Sundays continued to be strong as a category. And we had a great comp in the fourth quarter. So we continue to be very happy with the NFL, how it affects our business. And there was no difference for us in the fourth quarter of last year than we have seen previously.
J. Patrick Doyle: Okay. Well, if that's the last of the questions, I want to thank everyone for getting on the call today, and we look forward to discussing our first quarter results with you on April 27.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah, Matt, this is Jeff. When we think about the industry in the United States, you know, between $35 billion and $40 billion kind of growing low single digits over time, it's still a healthy industry, I think, overall. And when you look at the sub-segments of carryout and delivery versus dine in, we certainly believe that we are in the right two sub-segments of the pizza industry, both carryout and delivery, both different occasions, both different need states, both very profitable places to be in. You know, if we were to start a company today, we would start a company in carryout and delivery, and not in pizza dine in. And so, industry data is industry data. It's the best that we can get, but to me, the health of the overall category is there. Certainly carryout and delivery strength is there, particularly for us as we strive to out-compete the other folks in the industry. And, you know, we're glad we're not in the dine in business.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. So overall, it's going to stay right in that kind of 3% number. It may inflect a little bit based on the mix of the market. Some folks pay a little higher than that. A couple pay a little bit lower, but 3%-ish is the number that you're largely going to see there. The one thing that I would tell you is, as we continue to push the point-of-sale system out globally, and, as Patrick mentioned, we now have 25 markets around the world not named the United States, that we deliver. We will deliver, in the next 24 hours, e-com capabilities to 25 countries around the world. Those digital fee revenues will go into international revenues as well. And so that may have a little bit of a play as you look to calculate kind of a rough royalty rate, but as you think about the contractual rate straight-up for royalties, the answer is, it should stay right around that place. The other thing you have, of course, is the conversion. You had 254 conversions in 2016. Out of the gate, we will generally, on a market-by-market basis, give them a little bit of royalty relief, as they've really put that money into changing the signs and the leaseholds and such. So, it works out for everybody. You're certainly seeing a really high number of those conversions in 2016, and so that also plays into it a little bit as well.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah, the shorter answer is no. There shouldn't be anything material for the Q1 calendar in 2017. It'll be more about how well we execute around the world.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. I mean, in our business, you're more worried about people getting their paycheck every two weeks than you are about a tax refund that happens once a year. So, again, our franchisees are operating at a high level. That's way more important than any of the external stuff.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: The one thing I would add to that is, as Patrick said, we're now at about 80% of our global store base on one point-of-sale system. That is a huge competitive advantage as you think about scaling that technological investment over now what is just a huge, huge number. And that allows you to do the e-com stuff kind of once you get the people on the point-of-sale system. So, not to be understated is a strategy that we pursued coming up on two decades ago, which was to take the long and the hard road on the proprietary point-of-sale system. And so we're very bullish about what that could mean for us going forward for our brand.
Jeffrey D. Lawrence: Yeah. And kind of on your second question, this is Jeff, G&A, we've guided 2017. We only do it a year out, because we're in a dynamic environment, where we want to put investment to work in the places where we think there will be an ROI. Technology could not be more of a focus for us there. That's the big part of why we continue to see that going up. What does it get you? It gets you a little bit of everything. I mean, it gets you a fantastic point-of-sale system; again, now in 80% of our stores worldwide. It allows you to continue to keep up on the consumer-facing, and really to stay ahead and get ahead of the competitors on all the consumer-facing things, our AnyWare platform. We were able, in 2016, to launch things like Facebook Messenger with bot technology. We're really excited about that launch in particular, but that's just one of 16 or 17 ways you can access the brand. And it's also about in-store stuff. So it's about store operations and efficiency. And so technology is permeating our brand, no matter how you look at it. And so we want to continue to invest. The bad news about technology is that it's expensive, but the good news is, it's really expensive. The other guys, a lot of the other guys, just can't compete. And I will go back to the point I made earlier, which is, when you do it with one point-of-sale system, as opposed to three or five or 10, which some other brands run, I cannot tell you how important of an advantage that is. And so, it's really, again, permeating all through the brand. It's consumer-facing. It's in the store, and it's also the analytics. The reason why you see the commercials you see, the reason why you see the promotions you see from us, is because we spend a lot of time rolling through that data. And it's not the TV commercial because Patrick likes it or I like it, it's the one that tested the best. So, it's all areas. We're going to continue to pour gas on it. And we're pretty excited about the possibilities.
