Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page three of the presentation. We had a strong end to the year, reflecting solid market conditions and good execution. Local currency sales growth was 8% in the quarter, better than expected with very good results in Europe and Asia / Rest of the World. Americas came in pretty much as expected. We are very pleased with these results and the performance of our teams around the world. Continued strong margin expansion led to very good growth in EPS in the fourth quarter. As a result of the strong finish, we achieved a 7% local currency sales growth and a 15% EPS growth for the full year. We are very happy with this performance as well our outlook for 2017. Let me now hand over to Bill to cover the financials.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: I think actually we really executed very well. Our programs materialized well, but we also enjoyed good market environment. We were talking about retail surprised us in Europe. We did execute well, but there was also the markets, how projects came together that we benefited from. So it's a combination. But I certainly also feel that all these growth programs really have good momentum. And that's also why we remain optimistic also in Q1.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: So overall, very pleased about how all Asia did. Also, outside of China we had, for example, Southeast Asia that did very well. We had India that continues, actually to do well. I'm very happy about that performance. I expect that momentum will stay on, and at this stage I don't expect that currency has a significant impact. Of course, if currency would move even more so, it can, but at this stage we see good momentum in the market. And as I did talk in previous calls, we have made important investments also in certain parts of Asia like Philippines, Indonesia and so on, and we see the paybacks on that. So happy about how they are doing.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Two very different situations in the sense that China, the microenvironment and the macro trends are very favorable for us. We have seen, for example, labs doing very well for us now many quarters. In Q4 we have seen that the industrial business started to pick up also for us in China. Still against easier comparisons, but we see some momentum coming back. So all in all, actually we feel good about it. When I look at South America, particular actually Brazil, it's still challenging. Brazil, I don't see that the market is really sustainably recovering and in essence, I feel we still are going to have challenges there and I don't see a strong rebound in Brazil coming. At China, it seems to be a more steady opportunity to build. And again, I want to specify that we had different product categories in China that continue to do very well across many quarters. We did not have that situation in Brazil, for example.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Absolutely. We are very happy about how retail performed last year, particular Q4 performed better than expected. There were some effects that will not repeat themselves. We had, for example, a change in legislation in Germany that required different labels for customers and that drove some upgrade business that was beneficial and will not repeat. But overall, if I look at the full year, retail did well, and particular also profitability. You might recall in a couple of years ago, we said retail it's not about growth, it's about profitability. I have seen very steady progress over the last years and last year in particular was another big step. In the meantime, retail has reasonable profitability for us and I do expect that they will have a reasonable year this year. But I want also to specify, retail is a lumpy business, has big projects and so predicting it is more difficult and that's maybe also reflected in our Q4 numbers. We did expect things differently and then somewhat project did materialize. So, of course, that could turn out the other way around this year.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Let me, first of all, we also have different comparisons in this business. And there were some bigger project activities that impacted the numbers too. So I wouldn't read too much just into two quarters.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Let me start with service. Actually, great momentum that we have there. There is definitely further opportunities. Our customer base is more and more appreciating the value of service up-time, but also making sure that their instrument is really performing up to expectations. It's also about selling spare-part kits, service contracts and so on. So we have a lot of opportunities, we are proactively going after it. The product inspection service business is one of the faster growing service businesses that we have, including in the very mature markets like in U.S. where we have a great installed base. We are growing it very nicely. To the first part of the questions, in terms of industry segments that we serve, you are right, we serve most of the pharma markets, we serve also the cosmetics market. We have some markets in the chemical, but food is the biggest piece and the food is the one that is particularly going well at this stage. It is really about protecting the brands, and we see many global accounts that are becoming very serious about rolling out standards across the globe, across multiple sites. So it's not just about going after individual sites; it becomes increasingly about upgrading or installing instruments across an account in a country, but sometimes even across whole regions.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yes. Actually, integration continues to progress well from an employee standpoint, but as well as from a customer viewpoint, so happy about that. Our current focus is introducing our sales and marketing activities, initiatives and Spinnaker approaches. So we, for example, work on improving leads generation, bringing database marketing to them. So really good and in that sense, I remain enthusiastic and very positive about the potential from the whole combination. So yes, really happy about it.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Okay. So maybe I start with how we see things for the lab business. So our lab business should be able to, including with Troemner grow mid-single-digits, a little bit better. And we'll get a similar growth rate from industrial, but with the mix coming, PI actually growing faster than lab, our product inspection business and we expect a little less growth in our industrial business. And then we would expect low single-digit kind of growth coming from our food retailing business.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I think so. I think we'll know a little bit more in the quarter. We're taking a close look at some of these currency moves. They were a little stronger a while back. There are some parts of the world that maybe we need to go looking at that. I think that's probably an evaluation point for the next couple of months to see if we should push, but that would be largely aimed at maybe trying to offset any more foreign exchange that comes.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I think with regard to our stuff, and the way we say it, so if you think about our – the comment was specific to U.S. You can see our European numbers were a little bit better. And if we look at our two businesses that have the biggest exposure, they were AutoChem, which had a tough comp, but still their sales were down in North America in the fourth quarter. And in our pipette business, it was the lowest growth rate of the year, still a healthy number, but it was the lowest growth rate of the year that we had. And we think actually both of those guys are going to do a little bit better growth rate in the first quarter, but for AutoChem, the fourth quarter is a more important quarter than the first one.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Okay. So we evaluate it a lot, and I would maybe start with we, for example, reviewed some of it with our board today. And one of the things that we highlighted to them was that from – there's a lot of uncertainty on what might happen and when. I think that the repatriation topic is certainly one that most people think could come because there could be broad consensus with that. That's not a big deal for us in terms of being a benefit. We maybe even would have some one-time taxes to pay there, but if I think about topics like a lower tax rate overall, that can't hurt us. But the U.S. isn't the biggest source of our tax earnings – or our pre-tax income. And if I go to topics like border adjustability, which I think generally most people think that would be hard to get through in the short-term, I think that our initial reaction would be, hey, we're a net importer overall. So we would have to do some adjustments in areas like pricing or supply chain strategies. I think that we're a company that understands that we would need to do some things, and we would be able to execute on it. But at this point, it seems so premature from our perspective, Derik, that we're not getting ourselves tied in a knot thinking about that. I would also highlight that, and you would recognize this from when we talked in the past about when biopharma, for example, or other companies move their facilities, our instruments don't move very good. And so if there was other – if there were companies bringing things back to the United States, that would create demand beyond our normal share of the replacement market. It would create new demand, and we would win disproportionately to what we would lose in the markets because of the nature of our product categories. So there could be a positive in that side on an indirect basis. But I think in that area, it's pretty premature at this time to say much more.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I think, Derik, whether the growth comes from industrial or lab, I would say our incremental margins would not be materially different. Maybe they're slightly better on the lab side because of higher gross profit overall, but we do have slightly higher selling costs in the lab side of the business. So I think you could assume in a constant currency environment every extra 1% of sales growth has got to drop something north of $0.30 on a dollar to the bottom line, hopefully a little bit more.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Hey, I – if we look at our outlook for Q1 in the Americas, it'll be solid. Better growth rate on a single-year basis than what we saw in the third quarter, to maybe be slightly more specific.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So let me answer that in a couple of different ways. So our – sorry, getting the right columns here in front of me. So on a full year basis, our margins will expand about 100 basis points, on a constant currency basis. Not too much different.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I would start with we're always – Olivier has been pushing a lot of investments on sales and marketing topics and some of the investments in Field Turbos. And I think that there could be upside to that. I think that it's clearly providing some upside right now. And because of, as Olivier mentioned this call and on others, is the product categories such as lab and product inspection, process analytics benefit disproportionately from those investments, as well as certain geographies. And he just mentioned a little while ago Southeast Asia to name one. If I look in even places like Eastern Europe, which was a little bit of a struggle for us when Russia was having its struggles, bounced back for decent growth recently.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: It was – we – the property has a bit of a history. It was actually owned by Ken Rainin, the person we bought the business from and we kind of had a right of first refusal in perpetuity. And we felt that there was a unique bargain in the market, based on the company was selling a broader portfolio of assets and valuation-wise we felt like our right of first refusal gave us a good price. And so it was to give you a feeling, the only, at least of significance, I think the only manufacturing facility we had globally that was not owned, again because the history with Ken. And so we saw that it was a good value and we decided to buy it.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So in terms of our industrial business in China, I think that you very much see this just the impact of comps getting easier and some of the really difficult markets related to infrastructure have just shrunk as a percentage of total sales for us. And so if you were to, I'm kind of oversimplifying now, if you were to bifurcate our performance the last couple years in China, you would say we had some good markets that were growing mid to high-single-digits and we had some bad markets that in many cases were down more than double-digits. And so what's happened is the good markets have gotten to be, I don't know, probably I could almost say bigger than the bad markets in terms of our mix and that was different than 2012. And so we feel a little bit better positioned. I would highlight that it's also those are markets that even the good markets are sensitive to credit availability in that part of the world. We probably see more than any other market how when credit availability changes in China, it has a little faster impact on – it can be more volatile itself, availability, and it tends to have a pretty fast impact in the market. So when you hear us sometimes talk cautiously about the future in China, it's probably less about our competitive position or what we think can happen long term for China, but more about some of these shorter-term topics.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: There's something called bank notes, and level of use – usually bank notes are one of the first steps when credit gets tight there, and it's very low. When, I think what you might be referring to a little bit, Rick, is the idea of getting cash out of China. And I think that's a fair statement. But at least to date, that's not tended to trigger changes in how our market activity goes. Even for ourselves, I think we see it that we aren't changing things because they're a little tighter than they were two years ago. In fact, I would describe the credit tightening that people are talking about now for us, we see this environment as similar to what it was three or four years ago before they did some easing. So it's not, it's really a tightening versus some loosening they did two years ago. It's not much different than what we've had in China for a long period of time. So we could get the cash out of there.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yes. I think we think a mid-single-digit number is realistic. And I would say that we do put a little bit of a discount factor. We probably internally our guys would think they can do better than that, but we think it's prudent to discount it for these things you hear me constantly bringing up, the risk around overcapacity and credit in China.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Maybe I'd add too, Rick, and you know how we are sometimes. Even though it only looks like the comp was a plus 7%, the comp a plus 7% in Q4 2015, there was actually a plus 9% in Q4 2014. So on a kind of, a multi-year basis it was...
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So sorry, I just want to make sure I followed the question. So your question was, EPS guidance went up and but we didn't raise our...
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So one piece is that the tax one doesn't change taxes paid. There is some higher guidance number, but I think there's also a revision in our detailed CapEx assumption, slightly. So at this stage, too, Brandon, I acknowledge that the estimates on free cash flow and the timing there can be fluid.
