Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page three of the presentation. Let me start by saying it was a very good quarter and it reflected strong strategy execution by our teams around the globe. Local currency sales growth was 9% in the quarter with broad-based growth in all regions and most product lines. Demand in the Americas and Europe was very good. Asia, rest of the world did particularly well with good growth in China and strong growth in most other countries in this region. We are very happy with these results, which reflects solid market conditions and as already mentioned, continued strong execution of our strategies. With the benefit of our margin and cost initiatives, we had good growth in margins which contributed to excellent growth in earnings per share. Cash flow was also quite good in the quarter. We are very happy with our performance as well our outlook for the remainder of the year and 2017. Before I turn it to Bill to cover the numbers, let me comment on the management changes that we announced today. Many of you have met Shawn Vadala most recently at our Investor Meeting in California in July. He has worked with Bill for almost 20 years and was promoted to CFO three years ago. Shawn is highly respected within our organization for his knowledge of our business and its processes as well as his business acumen. Shawn has been a key contributor to many of our margin enhancement programs. For example, pricing has been an important profit driver for us and Shawn has led our efforts in pricing since the beginning. Shawn has also played an important role in helping effectively shape the resource allocation within the organization toward our strategic priorities of the fast growing, more profitable businesses. Shawn has worked closely with me to initiate our big data analytics programs. For the next 12 months we expect Shawn to continue to focus on his existing responsibilities and you will gradually see him more on the Investor Relations front beginning in about a year from now. Some of you have also met Oliver Wittorf at our investor meeting. Oliver has been with us for 13 years and has one of the most diverse and key careers within our management team. Oliver has held a number of important roles including being Head of Operations for our Boston-based process analytics business. He was a project lead in China for our Blue Ocean program and for the last few years, he has held our Global Supply Chain Team Lead, which included our very successful procurement program and the establishment of our regional hubs. He will keep his supply chain responsibilities and take over daily responsibility for IT and Blue Ocean. He is ideally suited for this expanded role within the organization. I am confident that both Shawn and Oliver have the experience and track record to be strong contributors to our executive team and to further the development of the finance, supply chain, IT and Blue Ocean functions within our organization. I have worked with both of them over many years and look forward to many more years with them in their expanded roles. From an investor perspective, very little will change over the next 12 months and Bill and Mary will remain your principal contacts. Bill will gradually reduce his time commitments and beginning in 2018, Bill will begin to hand over the investor relations activities to Shawn and ensure a smooth transition. Mary will continue in her role in investor relations and treasury and continue to be your day-to-day contact. Finally, I want to express how pleased I am that we have orchestrated a smooth and well-planned succession for Bill and that we can continue to leverage Bill's unique contribution to the company for another two years. Bill demonstrated his great leadership in nurturing his successors and often working with me to make this a gradual transition, which I'm very grateful for. Let me hand it over now to Bill.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Okay. In terms of risk, if I look to Asia, it's particularly China, and how will industry do in China? And that's rather difficult to predict and as we described before, for industry China, their segments that do well, chemical, food and so on and the others still difficult. But forecasting and anticipating how the Chinese economy do overall is difficult and the industrial business is particularly exposed to the cycles in China. And of course we have also comparison topics. We have, for example, a very strong performance in biopharma, I would here highlight, including also in Europe. And we going to feel that next year. How will this evolve is, in that sense a certain risk in it. Now, on the upside, I would say China industry could actually clearly come stronger in than we expect. As I mentioned before, there is a high volatility on that one, so that's one. If biopharma continues to be that strong, we would benefit across many businesses. That would be really nice. And then there is a certain pent-up demand that we had always seen when a overall economy strengthen, pent-up demand in CapEx where core industrial would benefit in particular. So that's another upside that I could see.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Actually, in that context the change takes place early in the year and everybody feels by Chinese New Year the uncertainty should be gone. This is different to past changes. And past changes where really the whole team, and this time it's a few people that will retire, age wise, and so there is continuity in the political leadership. One other highlight that we saw during this business review in China was our strengthening position in lab and in particular, Pipettes and pH. I was very pleased to hear that we are winning market positioning and becoming leaders in Pipettes and pH in China which is – typically takes a couple of years and is very attractive, because of course these are businesses with great profitability, great consumable streams. So this is our examples. We had certainly many more from other countries too. One that for example just to share with, in India we are so pleased to see how the growth goes there. We talked a lot about this Made in India that how this is helping. I mentioned that I love it, because for us we always depend also that the industrial manufacturing is important, drives quality, drives to export industry and that's for example something that I could feel very strongly when I met the Indian team. We see it in our good numbers. They one thing, next year they are moving to a VAT tax structure and that could in the short-term impact a little bit our numbers. But, so every country has something specific. And it was good to sense it. All in all, we came back from the tour in a very positive way. Extremely pleased by the plans, but also – and I think you referred to that a little bit, the macroeconomic and the government environment, we feel good about that.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Was actually really broad based, and important to say, it's certainly not particular the big pharma. Actually we even saw a few ones in big pharma that slow down some of their purchasings due to internal things like new procurement initiatives and so on. Now, it was in essence broad based. We see good activities with CMOs. We see good activities with CTOs. And we have many businesses that serve this market. So from production to research, we benefited. And I didn't see any particular patterns between the more sophisticated or the more value instruments. It was broad based.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Hey, I would say on China, we have seen that predicting China is little bit more difficult and I think particularly for the industrial business. And it's difficult to say when certain industry will pick up again and start to really invest in capacity expansion and all these things. And it could also turn in the other direction. So we are cautious about particular the industrial business. On the lab business I feel much more comfortable that we will have a steady growth.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: So, we have two big data initiatives that we talked about at the Investor Day. One was these old product replacement initiatives where we have today a very good transparency on all our products installed around the world. And we data mine this to, and associate specific marketing programs to bring these products either under the service contract or upgrade/replace the product. This is ongoing and in that sense we have already benefit. But it's a long journey. This installed base is so huge, and of course our customers don't instantly replace it just because we send the marketing materials or we send over a salesperson with a dedicated value proposition. So I see that as one of many initiatives that we have in Spinnaker that help us drive further growth. We see already the benefit. It will continue to benefit us for many more years. And the same is true actually for the second initiative where we generate sales force targets based on big data analytics and this is something we started to pilot early in the year and we have been scaling it up in Q2. We start to see the benefits, but we have many more years to go until we see saturation in the upside of that.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Actually, this is our strategy. We feel like we can grow service. We want to grow service more than the product growth. And yes, this is part of our plan for next year. If we grow as we guide you, this should actually be possible. We have very good programs in place. And we have seen, actually, different regions with very strong growth year-to-date in service. I would highlight, for example, Asia. So, yeah, I have that expectation for next year.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yeah. Hey. Lab gets quite some attention, and we will add a couple of people for example for our automated chemistry business that we presented to you also in July. We are adding a couple of people for our pH lab business that has a high profitability. And from a geographic standpoint, we have for example Southeast Asia, where we're adding again quite a significant number of people in the context of building up Philippines, Indonesia. But it's relatively broad-based. I had presented today to the board the annual plan where we're adding turbos and we had a geographic map on it. It was nice to see how well spread it is and that's actually the strength of the program that we are working on many projects in parallel and you have many managers that are also supervising and managing these.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So maybe, so first, for our industrial business in total, the key good performer was actually product inspection. Product inspection grew by low double-digits in the quarter. We did do mid single-digit kind of growth in our, what we would refer to as our core industrial business. That business would have been maybe – trying to do the math here in my head – maybe 1.5 less without the T&L projects. The T&L projects maybe weren't as close on our radar screen, and frankly they are a little bit smaller. The retail projects did move from Q4 into Q3, and that's the one that was we more had in mind with that reference to coming a little earlier than we expected. The T&L project I think largely came in maybe in total a little better than we expected, but wasn't so much different than we expected from a timing point of view.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. We did. We run a couple different scenarios. So I think the good news on pricing is that the tools we have, the strategies we have, the products we get to apply pricing to continue to get better. But it is a lower inflation environment globally. That represents some different challenges, so I think kind of at a baseline level, I could imagine we maybe only do 150 bps next year. But I also see some upside in terms of Shawn and the team are putting together some new things in the area, for example of services, where I think we have some opportunity and also reaching out to some other countries. So I hope that there is a little bit of upside to that number too.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: China, I think the one thing the guys told us about was that at the beginning of next year the Chinese Politburo will do their changes. The two top guys will stay in place. If we look back at that historically, this has typically been a time where you maybe see a little bit is – like, people kind of wait-and-see. But the guys are a little bit more optimistic this year, because with the two top guys staying in place and a lot of people frankly worried about the Chinese economy that there will be more emphasis to kind of keep growing. And so, I don't think – the five-year plan's in place and I think it's just – they are optimistic that we won't see a slowdown there.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So, we assumed a 24% rate now. We are working through the models. As you guys know, we've been hitting this 24% tax rate for a while, but running a cash tax rate lower than that, in part explained by stock options. So we're – got to go through and see with the accountants where we come out, but I would assume that that could benefit us a couple percentage points when things get final. I think what – I'm not sure how much you've studied it yourself, Ross, but one of the things that I think is awkward about it is, it's got to mean people could have quite different tax rates by quarter. So, one of the things we would be dealing with is, we could maybe estimate what the full year impact was, but the nature of it would make our tax rate jump around quite a bit in the quarters, and I think it will take an increased level of investor communication to predict that. And in part, that's why I think we'll wait until maybe February to elaborate on what it will precisely mean for us. But you're right, it's positive.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So our retail business in Europe was – sorry, lost my spot – was up about 14% and I think it will be down probably double-digits in the fourth quarter. So it's just kind of a timing topic. As you know, our retail business at the gross and operating margin line's a little less than the other businesses. So, not such a material impact in terms of operating margin and profitability flow through, but yes, timing wise that was the impact.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: 40 basis points, 45 basis points, something in that range up to 50 basis points depending kind of on how currency plays out, and also of course the comments on our pricing initiatives as well, whether we do a little bit better than the 150 bps.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Sure. So let me start with the product areas. So I think something in the mid single-digits for the lab business makes sense, 5%, 6%. I kind of it use now the midpoint of our overall range. In terms of our industrial business, something in the 5% range as well, mid single-digits, but maybe the mix there would be our product inspection business growing faster than our core industrial business. And then a flat or maybe low single-digit growth in retail would kind of get you to the overall picture. And then if you look at it geographically, we're thinking Europe could be low to mid depending on best case/worst case. The Americas probably mid single-digits and then both Asia and China overall, we think mid single-digits probably anyway and could be into the high single-digits.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I mean, we finished with good order entry, which would be an early indicator for us in terms of September. I think the combination of October and November, which is the piece we have the most visibility on remains pretty solid. I think, as you know Tycho, many of us in the peer group have a certain amount of budget flush. I think we made a reasonable assumption in terms of it being a typical year with budget flush. But December is always the hardest one to predict. Things just come that you didn't have on your radar at all and you just hope you got at least as many as last year.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Hey, if you're okay, Tycho, I think we might have a little bit. It tends to be that after Thanksgiving, and people tend to avoid in the holiday season delivering on many big projects. But there is a lot of work done by our customers in terms of thinking about the next year. So maybe when we see it or when we talk again in February, we'd have a bigger or a better way to answer that. At this point, there are a number of big jobs and that are in play, but the way those work out, what percentage of the big job you get, we won't know for a little while, much less the timing on them.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Sure. So, our indirect spend number is actually the base of it, it's a number in excess of our material spend or direct material spend. I think it's the amount we have under control is in the $500 million range. We have – sorry, the amount of it's in the $500 million range and I think we have more than 50% now being under what we would refer to as category management. So I think that number will climb a little bit, but I think the way we look at it is we're always trying to come up with new programs that can drive further savings in there. I think we, this year, will save a number in the high single-digit million range and I think we should be able to deliver a number in that range again next year.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah, a little bit – yeah, the movement on the retail is probably the retail projects is probably the biggest piece.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I think it's mostly a retail topic and it's mostly – will work itself out Q3 to Q4. So, at this stage I don't see anything – but we'll let you know. I don't see anything happening in the fourth quarter that would push things out to Q1 in particular.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. It's – hey, I think the – if you look kind of the impact of the retail moving between the two quarters is 2%. So if you start by reconciling we grew 9%, 8% organically. You kind of get 2 points off to compare the two quarters and then there is 1 point or 1.5 point left. And some of that could be working days. Some of it's the – just the forecast of how we see things. Some of it might be we're just underestimating a budget flush. I think it – I would acknowledge that it's the quarter for us that we find most difficult to forecast, Brendon. But we had done the same stack analysis you did along with a series of other internal forecasting measures to kind of come up with this number and we think it's realistic, but I guess we'll see when the numbers come through.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yes. That includes the heads roll-off affect and our growth in China in the quarter was 8% and it's 8% for the full – year-to-date.
