Shawn Vadala: Yeah, sure. So, let me start with the lab business. So, we expect lab in Q4, I'm sorry, in Q1 2024 to be down low to mid-single digit, and for the full year, we expect it to be up low single digit. For core industrial, we expect Q1 to be down mid-single digit, and for the full year to be flattish. Product inspection, we expect to be down mid-single digit for Q1, and for the full year, flattish and then retail, we expect to be down about 10% in Q1, and for the full year, down mid-to-high single digit. And then if we look at the geographies, we expect the Americas to be down low single digit in Q1, and then for the full year, up low single digit. We expect Europe to be up low single digit in Q1, but in up low to mid-single digit for the full year. We expect China to be down low to mid-20s in Q1, and down high single digit for the full year.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, sure. So in the first quarter, of course, the first quarter, we're going to have a significant volume decline in the first half of the year. So for the first quarter, we're going to be down over 200 basis points, probably in the 230, 240 kind of basis point range. Now, it's important to understand, too, like currency has a pretty big effect on the first quarter. So it's probably like 100% negative headwind to our margin in the first quarter, and I think we called out in the press release a 4% headwind to earnings per share. But that's going to change quite a bit as we get into the second half of the year, especially the fourth quarter and so for the full year, we're looking at the operating margin to be up in the kind of like 30 bps kind of a range, and if you exclude currency, it's probably in like the 70 bps, 70 bps plus kind of bps kind of a range.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Hey, Dan, it's a fair point. Like as you mentioned, we built the -- we expect the shipping delays to largely benefit the first quarter of this year and so we acknowledge there's upside to the full year guidance because in addition to that benefit, there's also like a growth rate benefit as we get to the end of the year in the fourth quarter, given the base that we're kind of growing off of, but when we kind of step back from all that, we just kind of felt like it's still very early in the year and while we're not seeing anything new in the business, Patrick talked about in the prepared marks that yes, there's still challenges in the market, but just want to confirm we're not seeing anything new at this point, but it's still early in the year. We just prefer to be a little bit cautious given various uncertainties and the back waiting of the year, but when we look at the second half of the year, we still feel good. We feel like we're really well positioned for the second half. We talked about some of these new product launches in the prepared remarks. We have a lot of really exciting programs that we're launching. We spent a little bit of time talking about Spinnaker 6 in the prepared remarks, but there's other corporate programs that we're working on as well. So we feel like we are well positioned for the second half and just acknowledge I think there's a little bit of upside. Yeah, we're being a little bit cautious as we start the year, but we just want to see how things play out a little bit.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, it's very much related to how we position sales. Like, and I think I go back to Dan's question towards the beginning, it's very much how we position our sales guidance. In terms of margins and costs, there's, of course, some moving pieces within there. There's a couple of nits and gnats, but I'd say in the end, I feel like the margin is actually, I feel good about our margin guidance for the year. I think we'd already mentioned it earlier, but for the operating margin, it should go up about 30 basis points on a full-year basis and if you exclude currency, it's probably about 70 basis points. So, Josh, I kind of go back. It's very much to how we were thinking of a reflection of how we guided on the top line.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, sure, Vijay. I'm happy to answer that one. So, hey, just to clarify, our Q1 guidance and constant currencies is minus 4% to minus 6%. So, it's minus 4% to minus 6% and as we mentioned, there is about a 5% benefit here from the shipping delays, which I can understand asking a question about that. But I think there's also a few things that are very important to our first quarter. The first one is that comps really do matter. Yes, Q1 was our strongest quarter last year. We grew 7%, but I think it's important to kind of go back to the couple of years before that, like what we're growing on top of and we're really cycling a very difficult multi-year comparison. If you kind of go back, we grew 14% in Q1 of 2022, and that was on top of 18% growth in Q1 of 2021. So, I think it's hard for us to ignore that as we're looking at the first quarter here. China, of course, we were happy that it came in a little bit better than what we expected if you excluded the effect of the shipping delay, but nonetheless, it's still down over 20% and as we kind of look here at the first quarter, we have 20% of our business kind of down, low to mid-20s in the first quarter. So, that's another thing that's a bit on our mind and again, that's a bit of a comparison topic as well as kind of like this resetting that's going on in the country. But just to be clear, we're not seeing anything new in our end markets, but we do assume that customers here are going to likely start the year a bit more cautious with a more normalized budget flush at the end of the year, but of course, we acknowledge it's early. It's difficult for us to tell at this point in time. March is a very important month in the first quarter, but that's kind of how at least we were thinking about Q1 at this point in time.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. So, our share buyback assumption is $850 million, which I think is the same or similar number as we're thinking free cash flow for this year and that's also assuming plus or minus right around 100% free cash flow conversion. So, we're really happy with the focus around the company on cash flow. It's something we always like to focus on and very pleased with the teams around the world, all the efforts on working capital and all the other things that go into efficient end-to-end processes that can drive an order to cash cycle. So, it's something we're going to continue to focus on this year.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. So, for Q4, we came in pretty much as we expected. It was about 4%. That put us on a full year basis in 2023 at about 5% and as we kind of mentioned in previous quarters, we were benefiting a bit in the first half of the year from some pricing actions that we did in the second half of 2022, but we're very pleased with how things came together this year. I think it really shows the value proposition that we have to customers. I feel I've said it many times, but I do feel like our value proposition has very much increased over the last few years, especially as the markets have moved towards topics like automation and digitalization. It really plays to a lot of the strengths of our portfolio that can provide tangible paybacks to customers. All the things that we're doing from an innovation perspective also will really help fuel that going forward, too. So, that's something that we feel good about and then in terms of 2024, we're consistent with how we were thinking about pricing with our earlier guidance for the year, and we're expecting price realization to be around 2%.
Shawn Vadala: No, I'll start and let Patrick jump in if he wants to. I think the challenge with pipettes right now is that there is just weak market demand in general. We don't have at Mettler-Toledo a significant exposure to early research or to biotech R&D, but we certainly do in Pipette Tips, and so we're not immune to those trends right now at the moment. So, there are softer market conditions there, but I think we're more optimistic as we get into the second half of the year. As Patrick mentioned, ordering patterns are looking a little bit better as well and just similar to my comments on innovation, we have a couple things there as well, too, that we were actually out at our facility recently, last month, and it was really fun to spend some time with the team there and look at some of the things they're working on. Some of them are more medium-term, but some of them are things that we have in the market this year.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, of course, there's some incremental costs associated with it. A lot of the costs are really opportunity costs because we're reallocating resources to support the transition. The incremental travel costs, those things are less of an issue. Yes, there's some higher transportation costs, but when you step back from it, I'd say it's not overall significant to our overall financial statements and certainly something we kind of considered as we provided guidance here for the first quarter.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, hey, that's a good question. Europe, of course, is going to benefit the most from the shipping delays. So I think if you exclude that, you get to a different answer, and it's probably -- if you take the fact of the Q1 and if you also look at maybe the easier comp in Q4, Europe's probably more flattish on the year if you exclude those two things. So it's marginally a bit softer than what we were originally expecting. But we'll caution again. It's early in the year. It was softer in the fourth quarter than we expected. A lot of it had to do with product inspection, as Patrick mentioned, but we did see just generally weaker market conditions. We've been very pleased with how resilient Europe was in 2023. If you would have asked us a year ago out of the major regions of the world, we would have probably expected things to be a little bit softer there just given all the concerns with the energy crisis and what that impact might be to our customers. So we're very pleased with how the business performed in 2023, but just sitting here today, we're just a little bit more cautious on it.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, good question. I'd say PI, and I guess you can see that one because it doesn't have as much of an impact, if any, from the shipping delays. So I think we were saying that was up slightly the last time we guided for the full year, and this time we're saying it's about flattish. And then this comment on Europe, Europe is a little bit lighter than what we would have guided before, and then when you kind of break it into divisions, it kind of trinkles into Lab a little bit and so Lab might be excluding the shipping delays more. Instead of saying up slightly, it's probably more flattish.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, for the first quarter, we should be down about 40 basis points, and there's a lot of currency in the margin in Q1. So if you excluded the currency, it would probably be up about 20 bps and then if you look at the full year for gross margin, we'll be up, our estimate is we'll be up around 50 basis points and again, currency has an impact on that. So if you excluded that, it would be up probably more like 90 bps.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Hey, I think it's a little early for us to provide too much color on Q2, but we kind of stick to what we said before, is that we expect the first half of the year to be down. I expect Q2 to still be down. A big part of that is going to be China. We still have to lap I think a full cycle in China for Q2. So that's something that's very much on our minds, but I think when we get to the second half, we do have, with a company that only typically sits on 1.5 months of backlog, it's hard to have too much confidence when you're starting to go out several months. But I do think we feel encouraged by lapping these comps as we get into the second half of the year, as we just field maybe the organization, looking at the initiatives, looking at how we're trying to position things. A lot of our focus has always been on coming out of this stronger and I think we try to focus on the things we can control and when we talk about all these product launches, all these launching of corporate programs, Spinnaker 6 [ph], things we're doing with the customer experience, there's a lot of good things that I think should help us out for the second half of the year. And we'll get through the first quarter, and then we'll provide a little bit more color as to how we're seeing things at that point in time.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Again, I don't want to get too specific, but I think if you do the math, you probably kind of get into that neighborhood for the second half of this year, but we'll provide more guidance on our next call depending on how we're thinking about the pacing with Q2 and everything. Right now we do see, for the full year, Lab being down more than the industrial business. So, kind of looking at Lab being down more like low teens, while industrial would be down like more mid-single digits. So, the industrial business was a pleasant surprise in the fourth quarter. We're a little bit more cautious on it for Q1, but we'll see how things play out here. Yeah. And just to read correctly, Brandon, that doesn't mean that the algorithm going forward we're expecting double-digit growth in China. We just know that not only they have an easier comp. We know that they're lapping a lot of things in the market. I think, one of the topics, there's a few topics there, right? One of them was all the spending during COVID, potentially an acceleration of replacement cycles. But then the other thing is I think there's just a lot of inventory, throughout the customers and I think just given the nature of the lockdowns during COVID and all the logistical challenges, there's just more people purchasing a lot more inventory than in other regions and I think that's one of the things that is kind of on our mind as well for the second half of the year. So, as we kind of go forward, just to reiterate what we said in the past, we kind of view China as more of a high single-digit growth opportunity more longer term.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, of course, there's also a lot of noise and sequentials right now, right? Like, you have a lack of a budget flush in Q4 of 2023 and now we add more complexity with these shipping delays and then we probably throw another one at you saying, like, we just expect customers to potentially start a little bit slower in Q4, Q1 of this year with a more normalized seasonality in the back half. But I think if you kind of cut through all that and you look at maybe longer term sequentials for us, I think we're actually very consistent, and so that's one thing, I think when we look at, like, multi-year comps and multi-year CAGRs and just kind of like cut through the whole COVID period, and you look at that by quarter, I think that gives us a lot of more confidence as well, too and then you kind of layer in some of these things that we know, like the one-year comps and some of these de-stocking topics, the comments I just made on China and then the final thing is, I think we are, you know, we are doing a lot inside the company to drive growth, too. And so I think, nothing drives growth like new products, and we have some really cool things that we're launching right now. We're going to probably spend more time talking about that on our next call next quarter and I think those are types of things that will help and of course, Spinnaker 6, right, there's a reason why we're talking about it in the call. It's, kind of like, I think, a preface to, like, a lot of things we're doing to focus on growth in the company and the combination of all these digitalization things that are just continue to improve, plus all the things that we're doing to further enhance that relationship with a customer. It's a very powerful combination, and we think those things will gain momentum as we kind of get into the second half of the year as well.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, hey, this has been a very important balancing act for us, something that we've been spending a lot of time as an executive team, really thinking about and reviewing over the last year. I feel like we have a really good balance. On one hand, we're really looking at parts of the organization where we've lost productivity over the last year, and so we're working on those areas. On the other hand, there are growth opportunities that we're trying to make sure that we're continuing to invest for those. Patrick mentioned service as an example, on a full-year basis. So we continue to invest in service throughout the year and that's something that we'll continue to do in 2024, but it's not just service. There's different regions of the world, there's different -- and there's also things, like innovation that we talked about a few times already today, as well as other things that I think will help make us a stronger organization going forward. So, when you kind of step back from that, I feel very good. Of course, we do have a headwind next year, too, with variable coming back to more normalized levels. So, there's a lot of moving parts, but when you look through it all, I feel like good that we can still expand margins, even though it's maybe a little bit lower than what we normally do. We can still expand margins next year with a low-growth year, and then if you look at 2023, we were able to hold our margins flat for the full year, despite a lot of the challenges that we had as well, too. So, I feel like, in the end, we have a good balance.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah, I'll take that. Look, Shawn and I have been in China in December and of course we're in continued conversations with the local team there, sales management team to see if there are any changes. I would say China at the moment is still quite weak, especially in pharma, biopharma, but from our perspective, the situation has not deteriorated from what we reported on at the JPMorgan conference. Clearly they have seen still facing many headwinds. There has been very significant spending and growth during the COVID period, but right now we are facing a situation where there's a lack of stimulus from the government. There's a lot of uncertainty still there. There is some reduced foreign investment as well. So all of the economy that is focused on stabilizing the real estate market and I think that in itself leads to just also softer demand at the moment, but overall it hasn't changed. As I said in my comments, core industrial has been actually a bit better than expected in Q4, but we remain a bit cautious on our outlook, still in the first half of '24 and the second half will be easier for us because we have much easier compares. As a reminder, we had been down 25% in Q3 last year, 23% in Q4. This year, we told you that the first half will be down. So the second half will be now for us in '24, there'll be an easier compare. I think we have a lot of good strategic drivers there. We have a very strong team and we are confident that we will be able to continue getting market share with our programs, our products that we have there and there's also long-term that the market in China has, as we told you before, has high single entry growth opportunities.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure, I can take that. We are making actually quite pleased with the ongoing progress that we're making and we are also expecting really to work down the backlog during Q1. We have a lot of our own experts there on site as well to help the local management team of our service partner there to get all the processes in place and stabilized, which have been the issue during Q4 when we transferred the full 100% of the volume from our former logistics provider to this new logistics provider. There are a lot more comprehensive processes involved on site there, like mini finish processes, etcetera and that can be brought our experts there to help them understand these processes, build enough capacity and making sure that everything from product into the logistics center to product out of the logistics center, that process flow is stable and really matching the volumes that we are expecting. As I said, we're making good progress there. We expect the backlog to go down and having a more stable operation clearly at the end of Q1 and while it still might maintain some more oversight from us during the next couple of quarters, we are confident that this is a very good logistics provider moving forward and that they can deliver the performance that we expect from them.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah, I'll start with it and Shawn, feel free to chime in. When you mentioned pipette tips, I think we're done with the pipette tip stocking issue and the reason why I'm saying that is that we see now more normal order patterns, meaning customers are ordering more frequently, not at very high volumes, but the order pattern is back to normal. So while the volume is still a bit lower than during -- or still lower than during the pandemic, the frequency of orders has normalized and that for me is an indication that the overstocking of pipette tips is behind us. We still are working down or our customers are still working down some inventory more on the process analytics business with the sensors they have ordered, mainly also in the biopharma area and we expect that to remain through Q1 and Q2 and then by the end of Q2 or towards the second half of the year, that's at least what we're hearing right now from the channels. They should also have worked off that inventory as well.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure, absolutely. And again, I'll probably give you some insights into the different regions, but also the different end markets. So, what we're seeing is a lot of very good activity out there, meaning customers are really interested, especially in the new products that we have launched over the last year and that's why we are so excited also about the future. There is good customer engagement. We have a lot of discussions. Still, it takes longer than normal to close the opportunities to orders, and that's also a sign that our customers are still reluctant to really spend the budgets that they have now at hand, or maybe they have some reduced budgets, but there's really very good activity, and if I look into the leads and the funnel that we have, the opportunities, I think we are quite positive about the momentum we are seeing there and we don't see any further deterioration from what we had seen last year. So, that's why we positioned in saying, hey, the underlying market visions haven't deteriorated further, whether it's in the biopharma market, where it's still soft, whether it's in the industrial space, where we see actually a very good demand for industrial automation and digitalization efforts, and we have a great portfolio as well. We saw a bit softening, especially in Europe, on product inspection towards the -- or throughout Q4, and also now starting into Q1 and that's largely in Europe, and its big customers in the food area that are still holding back budgets. They have projects, but they are not ready to spend the money yet and I think that's also based on the fact that they are under pressure. If you read the news, you hear a lot of news about these packaged food customers that are also under pressure with reduced profits and bigger demand as well. But otherwise, I would say markets are stable. The regions have developed as we expected it, and China, I outlined already, the US, good demand, and Shawn has outlined the growth for the year for the different regions as well. The EU is a bit softer at the moment. It was very resilient last year. At the moment, it's a bit softer than we have seen it last year, especially in Germany.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah, thanks, Rachel. And I'll start, and then Shawn, if you have some additional comments, feel free to chime in. So I think the majority of cautiousness we have for it was in Europe, and also down in what we told you in the PI business, in the food segments, where we see customers not releasing purchases as fast as we had expected. Again, there's good engagement for sales teams. We have launched a great fleet of new products, also mid-range products that help us to get to access to new market segments. But the whole conversion from opportunity to final sale still takes longer than we expected and that's part of what we're hearing in the European market. Otherwise, I think that, as we said, it's not a big change. Do you want to do anything else? No? Okay.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah, very good question, Brandon, thanks for that. Service, again, I'm super excited about our service opportunity. And by the way, it's also an organization that we continue to invest in throughout 2023 while we had to make some adjustments in other areas. We continue to invest in service because we see a big opportunity out there. Broadening our service portfolio, there's good demand from our customers. We have a large install base. Last year, if you said it, we grew 10%, and we expected to grow in a mid-single-digit range this year again. So another year where you will see services growing ahead of products. We continue to work with our sales teams to make sure that they can sell services at a point of sales, train them about the value of services, that they make sure they have value proposition when they talk to customers, increasing the connect rates and of course, these are different from product category to better product category, but we continue to make improvements there and I still see a lot of opportunity for us moving forward to increase our share of services.
