Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page two of the presentation. We had a solid start to the year with our first quarter results. Local currency sales increased 4%. We had another quarter of good growth in America, while Europe came in a little weaker than expected. Emerging markets growth was solid, and we are pleased that we had sales growth in China in the quarter. With strong execution and the benefit of productivity initiatives, we achieved good growth in EPS, which increased 9% in the quarter. This equates to 11.5% growth excluding the impact of currency. We are pleased with these results and that the year is off to a good start. Now let met turn it to Bill to cover the numbers.
Olivier A. Filliol: Hey. And maybe in general emerging markets outside of China had actually growth in Q1, but certainly Brazil and Russia are still challenging. Actually, Brazil was down mid-teens, so significantly down. But when I look forward, I would, for example, expect Russia to do better. We had good order entry growth and so I am a bit more optimistic for Russia, And Brazil will continue to be challenging. But it's good to see, and then as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, I also expect Southeast Asia doing well. So for the remainder of the year, emerging markets should do actually okay, probably with the exception of Brazil.
Olivier A. Filliol: Services is one of the area where we really want to get stronger and we want to have a growth above a product because it strengthens the franchise, it's good in terms to have customer access and, of course, from a profitably standpoint it's very attractive. Services generates actually above group average profitability. Service is a strategic priority for us. We have given a lot of attention to Service in the recent years and will continue to do so. In recent years, we had to invest heavily in Service related to harmonizing our Service product offering across the world. We wanted also to streamline our processes, we wanted to prepare Service also to bring into our Blue Ocean platform. And more recently, we started to invest now in Service in the growth area and so also about adding telesales people to sell service contracts and also have better coverage. So the investment goes there. We see actually good results. We were happy to see that in Q1 Service and Consumables was actually up 6%. So as you can see, higher than what we had on products. And I am optimistic that we will continue to do well in Service. And so the investment and the attention that business gets is well deserved.
Olivier A. Filliol: So the 200 that we were talking about last time was across the whole year. What we are doing now is we're doing additional opportunities and funding it and it's also something that goes across my table. And that will be then going into the second half of the year and particularly also impacting next year. So there is always a lag between our commitment to it and until it goes really in effect. You can imagine the teams are developing these business cases and then we review. We commit to it, fund it, but then it takes a couple of months to recruit the people, train the people, onboard the people. So there is always a lag. So the additional commitment that we have goes to the second part of the year and is a pre-investment also for next year.
Olivier A. Filliol: I wouldn't read too much into the first quarter. As we also mentioned before, there is a little bit of an Easter impact and so on. And when I look at the project pipeline, I don't think we are expecting a cool down for the Industrial business also. Of course, I do expect Lab to do better than Industrial, but that's not a particular timing aspect of it. It's more the whole environment that we have and the opportunities that we have. So I do actually expect that in the second part of the year, Industrial will actually look different than in the first quarter.
Olivier A. Filliol: On Americas, so Q1 we had actually a good quarter. We were up 6%. Particularly actually was happy about the performance in Lab, Product Inspection, and Retail. Core Industrials was slightly down, but against a strong comparison in the prior year. So all-in-all, the growth was in line with our expectations and our outlook continues to be generally positive. But I would acknowledge that we start to have a strong comparison in the second part of the year. And biopharma. When I think about the particular strong end-user markets, it was certainly biopharma. I saw that, for example, very nicely in our results from our Pipette business and Automated Chemistry that are strongly exposed to that market and did extremely well. And I did mention that Product Inspection did well. That's certainly also because the whole food safety topic is an ongoing hot topic and we see our customer base having a high investment rate on that front. So, all-in-all, actually good and I definitely expect it growing – continuing to do well, but higher comparisons will also start to kick in.
William P. Donnelly: So, certainly they did a little bit better than we expected. Just as a reminder, we talked to you a little bit last quarter about how we had done some things in terms of the sales teams to try to get them in the field a little bit more. Often in the early part of the year, we have sales meetings, training sessions, things. And so we did expect to do – frankly, in our original models, we thought Q1 would be the best quarter of the year. And at this stage, we feel like we're going to get full-year growth, and that's an improvement. Probably low-single digit growth, maybe a little upside to that, but low-single digit growth for the full year. That compares to a low-single digit decline that we would have guided you to before. If we look at the different pieces of business, of course our Lab business did particularly well during the quarter. It had solid growth. But even our Industrial business showed some signs of improving. If I were to look at order entry, maybe the Lab numbers were a little bit better than the order entry. And then the other piece of the surprise was our Retail business did well in China. That's always a little bit lumpy there as it is in other parts of the world as well. So we expect another positive number in China next quarter, maybe not quite as good as what we saw this quarter. And I think maybe in three months we can give guys a better sense of if it's the bottom or if we could see more lumpiness going forward. There's still a lot of fundamental issues in China around overcapacity and some fragility in some of the financial markets, but it's nice to get some good surprises there in China. We hadn't had them in a long time and we'll take that. And we feel like the team executed real well, particularly vis-à-vis competition.
William P. Donnelly: Okay, so let's start with Europe. I actually think Q2 will be a solid quarter. We see that already kind of in April. I think it's pretty clear to us that we had a little move in Europe between March and April due to the change in Easter. It impacts some of those European countries, although I look at Olivier, and it didn't have any impact in Switzerland because they were there, they were there throughout. So Europe, if I look at multi-year growth rates, I think your comment maybe applies on two-year growth rates, but I think a little bit less so if we were to look at three-year growth rates, Dan. So maybe at this point, Q2 might be one of the better quarters for Europe given what moved between March and April. In terms of Brazil, maybe I'll let Olivier give a couple comments about Brazil.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So in terms of pricing, net realized prices were up about 180 basis points. That helped gross profit margin itself by about 80 basis points. Our material costs on an apples-to-apples basis were down about 120 basis points and that contributed about 20 basis points to gross profit margin. And then in terms of other – we had some negative mix and as I mentioned some investments on the Service side that they'll pick up productivity levels in the second half of the year.
William P. Donnelly: Well, I think it's something that we look at all the time. We do an intrinsic value calculation over various scenarios with the board and we monitor how that goes. We're of course looking at what might come up in terms of acquisitions or maybe more significant capital expenditures. We would say sitting here today I think we're going to repurchase about $0.5 billion this year. And we still have those building investments, that was kind of spread over 2016 and 2017. And I think a number, my best guess at this point would be another number in the $0.5 billion range next year. But that could change and we'll give specific guidance as we get closer. In terms of it being an indefinite thing, I wouldn't think of it as into infinity that we would buy more than the free cash flow.
William P. Donnelly: Hey. I guess one obvious element, Isaac, is the fact that we have Q1 under our belt and a pretty decent forecast for Q2, so we have half of the year. We'll probably finish the first half of the year with mid-single digit growth and we had predicted for the full year previously a low-single digit decline. So some of it's just the math piece. The second is, I would comment on the fact that it wasn't that long ago that we were talking to you about we had last year in our China Core Industrial business, we had 20% decline for the full year last year and it varied between minus 17% and minus 23%. And while I'm not sure we're going to get growth in Core Industrial for the full year in China, it's pretty clear to me it won't be that kind of number. And just now that we're this far into the year, we feel a little bit better than that. In terms of what we see in terms of activity with customers, Olivier commented on some the progress we're making, particularly in the life science area. So we do see money getting awarded there. We see ourselves getting a good share without any kind of government preference things that might hurt people in certain industries. So, overall, mostly good news about China relative to where we were three months ago.
William P. Donnelly: So the area that you would see that impact us the most, Isaac, would be in our vehicle business because of the decks. And the way we do pricing in that market is we are quoting based on current market prices for steel. So we would push that price increase through with a little bit of margin. And so while it might look cosmetically like a little bit more price realization, on the gross margin there wouldn't be too big of an impact of that. In terms of the other pieces of our business, we do buy some fabrications and, of course, we buy a lot of machine parts. But those costs are mostly locked down in terms of annualized pricing, but certainly something we need to think about next year. And let's see how these commodity prices hold out and whether that might provide some opportunity because of what it does to Producer Price Indexes for us to try to do a little bit more pricing in the second half. But I think at this stage, it's probably – we have nothing definitive.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So in terms of our – we grew 4%. The Service business grew a little faster than the Product business. And I think our Consumable, because I don't have it in front of me, but Rainin did well, so I just have to assume that our Consumable business, because that's the biggest piece, must have been done at least as well as the rest of the Service business. And then, of course, the Product Inspection business in particular had good Service growth, I would say, among the different divisions.
William P. Donnelly: So I think on a currency-neutral basis, we're looking at contribution margins in the mid-30%s. So for every incremental $1 of sales, we should be able to do something in the mid-30%s. And historically that's a pretty good number off this base of 4% growth for the full year. So not quite that mid-single digit because each extra $1 of sales growth usually has some more. And then I would comment that we're making pretty significant investments in the Field Turbo program that we're still delivering these type of incremental margins despite those investments.
William P. Donnelly: I think it's really tough to point to one single factor. There's a lot of different data points we get from the market. What are we seeing in terms of our direct business, what are we seeing in terms of the economic data that you guys look at? And it would be really hard to pin it on one or two specific things. We're always looking at capacity utilization in China, we're looking at how they're doing from an export perspective. Maybe one of the new factors that's come out recently is the new Five-Year Plan probably since the last time we talked, and that certainly was more of the same at least as it related to our piece of the business. So I think just the passage of time and continued positive results there would be one of the factors we'd look to the most. Let's be honest, we have very much a short-cycle business, including in China, even if China's maybe slightly longer cycle than the rest of the world. But it's tough for us to be the – maybe the guy to make the first call.
William P. Donnelly: So if we look overall for the entire business, we felt reasonably good about that it was flattish for selling days. I think the comment related more to geographically the impact in Europe and that the Easter holidays tend to lead to our sales force as well as customers just being out of the office for that week. And it moving between March and April had a little bit of impact in terms of European sales and a little bit of impact in terms of cash flow collections.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. And I'm looking at Mary, too, to make sure I quote some of the numbers right. But I think I understand your source. So the first comment is, hey, gross margin came in a little less than our model, probably a little bit less than some of your guys' models in Q1. If we look at now the remaining three quarters of the year, our best estimate at this point would be on a currency-neutral basis or actually I think there's maybe only 10 basis points anyway difference between actual and constant currency, but look at something like 50 basis points on average in the remaining three quarters of the year. It could be a little bit better than that, but something in that range. That, of course, is a good number and so we're happy with that number, but I think it compares a little bit. And if you look at what that means in terms of our full-year model, it means maybe a little bit less gross profit margin for the full year than most people were expecting. So that's maybe a slight negative. A slight positive is that we took the midpoint of our sales guidance up by 50 basis points. The next item is that you could see in our operating expenses that our various cost savings, cost reengineering initiatives, continue to go well. Our operating expenses, as we view it internally, were only up about 1% in the quarter despite having I think 250 more field personnel between sales and service than we had in Q1 a year ago. So we feel good about that. And partly because we're happy with how the Field Turbo program is going, Olivier mentioned that we're starting to approve already a few more Field Turbos that'll start to add a little bit of operating expense growth more than we had in the original model in the second half of the year. And then the final minor thing is that the share price has performed well recently. And that, for most of you guys, will probably have some impact on us spending $0.5 billion on share repurchases. We'll get a few less shares purchased because of that. That impact for us, at least in our model, was about $0.06. And, of course, one of the bigger impacts, Steve, is that if you look at where currencies are as of yesterday I guess as compared to what we told you in February and you looked at that over the last three quarters of the year – I say the last three quarters because, of course, the first quarter is already behind us, we estimated about $0.15 per share impact as the delta between those two. And of course, that's a positive delta. So taking all those things together, that's how we got to this $0.10 per share movement in terms of the midpoint of our guidance.
William P. Donnelly: Do you want to go first, Olivier? Okay, so in terms of your question on gross profit margin, so maybe I'd give the overall picture. So the overall picture, 180 basis points price realization, that translates to about plus 80 bps on gross margin. Material costs were down 120 bps, that translates to 20 bps in terms of year-on-year movement in gross profit margin. Then the rest is kind of equally split between a mix topic, a series of little mix things kind of adding up. So maybe some of the highlights ones were a little less sales in terms of the overall composition, a little less European direct sales and a little less Southeast Asian sales. And those are two highly profitable markets. And if I look at within the Lab product categories, titration, for example, is one of our highest gross margin products that some of their sales moved a little bit into the latter part of the year due to some new product introductions. And then the Service was the other half of the negative. And in Service, Olivier talked about it earlier, we really see Service as an important part of our growth in terms of profit going forward. But also it's just one of the great competitive barriers and advantages that we want to build on and we invested a little bit more in Service technicians. It usually takes service technicians, depends on product category, but two quarters to four quarters to be breakeven. And we added a few more in a couple very targeted areas that are going to help us. And they very much fit in with how we made some of our Field Turbo investments and very much support those.
William P. Donnelly: Core Industrial. Product Inspection – actually, Product Inspection in Europe is going to have a tough comp in Q2, but the business overall does well. On a normalized basis, it does well. We also have tough comps in Retail. And that's one we've been talking about since I think when we gave our original guidance in November that we're not going to have a particularly good year in Retail. We had some large orders I think in the Netherlands and Germany a year ago. But the Lab business looks solid in Europe. And overall our forecast would say we'll do better in Q2 than we did in Q1.
William P. Donnelly: It did. It had some bigger orders coming through and that's a little bit I'm unclear if – some of our hesitancy is we're going to keep getting those, or is that part of it? Rick, I think I remember talking I think even specifically to you a year ago when we were putting up the minus 17%s and minus 20%s in Core Industrial in China. There just was no big projects. And we got a couple of big projects in the backlog, some delivered in Q1, a few more coming in Q2. And we need to see a little bit more of that before it's easy for us to say, okay, now there's a more solid base there.
