Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Shawn will provide details on our financial results and updated guidance for 2020. I will then have some additional comments and we will open the line for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. Sales growth in the quarter came in better than expected and was quite good given the excellent 8% growth in the prior year quarter. Total local currency sales growth in the quarter was 4%, growth in the Americas and China was strong. We again face meaningful headwinds in the quarter due to adverse currency and the impact of tariffs. With the benefit of our productivity and margin initiatives, we were able to overcome these challenges and delivered strong growth in operating margins and EPS growth. For the full year 2019, we exceeded $3 billion in sales and achieved 5% growth in local currency. Food Retail was down significantly in 2019, excluding this business, we have 6% growth in local currency sales. We achieved a strong improvement in operating margins and a 12% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Given the material headwinds we faced in 2019, we are quite pleased with this performance. One final comment on full year 2019, we generated more than $530 million in free cash flow, a very strong level.
Olivier Filliol: Okay. So referring to the segments with the biggest impact, first, I want to start the fact that offices are closed here for additional days it has an impact across the business. The second impact that I want to highlight is the restrictions of the field sales force in terms of traveling. And again, that’s quite broad-based. On that latter part, however, we can take a mitigation measures. We are, for example, very active already this week in rolling out a broad training program to our own sales force as well as our indirect channel partners to be more effective in telesales. In the past, we did telesales with a focused team. Now we want to make sure also fail-safe people are experts in telesales and leveraging that. Now this is kind of the short term impact. Now what – when we think about segments, we need to think also the demand side that will be impacted here in Q1 and as an example, the one that we expect to be most impacted is the retail business. The retail business is impacted because the Chinese consumers behave differently at this stage. And that we will feel in a quite strong way. The lab business, I would expect to be actually much less impacted. There might be even some upside later in the year. Now in terms of how fast this comes back, we do expect a pent-up demand. We do also expect that from a Chinese government standpoint there might be some stimulus that will help. I would hope that we see already some of that in Q2. But certainly expect that it’s going to take Q3 and Q4 to fully recover, so certainly not the full recover in Q2, absolutely not. And then in terms of the supply chain, you asking how much of the products we produce in China and then export to the West, I would first say, we have a part where we produce in China, but of course, we also source components and that’s quite significant. But on the good news is, we are very close on this whole supply chain impact. Our local Chinese team has done a fantastic job in assessing the impact and taking mitigation factors. I have also my global supply chain team very actively on that one. We have, for example, contacted all our suppliers and all our Chinese suppliers. So far, it has given us green lights. We feel comfortable. We have also taken mitigation factors. At this stage, we do not expect any significant impact on our global supply chain. I do not expect any significant delivery issues coming out of that. But this is also assuming that operations will come back on February 10. And if there are not, I still feel mitigation factors will help. But of course, it called loss for weeks.
Olivier Filliol: So indeed very happy about the results, did also exceed expectations. I really feel this is a reflection of very good execution by the teams around the world. Because the end user markets that we serve with core industrial were not particularly strong as mentioned that we even saw some pockets of weaknesses. Nevertheless, we did here very well. I feel the core industrial benefits from things that we shared with you at previous occasions in the context of Spinnaker sales force guidance for example, helps really very nicely in the core industrial, because it helps us to guide the sales people to the industry segments that are the most relevant and most interesting for us. We had, for example, particular focus on life science industry and pharma industry for core industrial. That helped. So on the one hand, this whole how the go-to-market dynamic and the marketing then was strong and then we had a good product portfolio. There were many smaller innovations, but all together they make a difference. We had hardware products, but we had also software products that we had into use the last two years that benefited. At the previous occasions, I had shared that with you, for example, a new portfolio for the floor scales, but also in the area of counting scales and so on, so good product. On the prepared remarks earlier, I just highlighted the product InVision that we definitely also feel is prove of strong leadership in innovation. Now none of these products will be important enough to really make a difference to the top line, the group sales. But in aggregation together they make a difference and they sometimes help us to open new doors and sell significant solutions to key accounts.
Olivier Filliol: Let me quickly jump in. We’re talking about certain end markets that have weaknesses, not, okay. So it’s really end markets. And when I talk about end markets, and this wasn’t just slapped, this is kind of overall, if you think one-third of our revenue roughly comes from pharma life science and the other two-thirds come from many different industries. And we have industry – end user industry like metal, plastic, electronics and even some chemical industry that wasn’t particularly strong. And it depends a little bit by region. But for example, in Europe you have the automotive industry that is really weak. Now automotive itself is not an important segment to us, but there are suppliers to the automotive industry that are relevant for us, plastic, but also again components at all. And so we had these end user markets. Now when you will say, hey, that’s more relevant for industrial. No, actually for lab too, because we have a lot of instruments that go in quality labs. And so we saw, so for example, thermal analysis would go and be relevant there also weighing and so on. Even that, when you look at the whole product category for us, we did well, but when we analyze it by end user segments, we saw some pockets of weakness. And that was what I tried to highlight, kind of also say trying to say, hey, we have here an economic environment that is good enough for us. But that doesn’t mean that every end user segment is as strong as life science.
Olivier Filliol: Derik, I think for these segments we are rather late cycle and in that sense, I think right now, we are in that situation. We saw it in Q4. We will also see it in Q1. But I think actually there is upside on that one. I rather think we see it also in certain PMI statistic and so on that these segments should actually start to recover. But let’s be also cautious. The overall global economy is fragile.
Olivier Filliol: So the deal that took place doesn’t have a direct benefit to us. So the tariffs that we are impacted on are still in place. And I don’t think there is anything near term here that could change. However, the fact that there was a deal between U.S. and China helps the overall economy helps confidence in China and that’s good for us. Again, I do not expect that tariff situation will change you in the near term. And so we are assuming for tariffs, the status quo. And that means, we still have headwinds for tariffs for another two quarters.
Olivier Filliol: I would say, I highlight two things. First, we did better than expected in Q4 and that day was – even more confidence in our execution, it shows that our programs are really going well on. And so that played a role. And the second one is, you mentioned here a few things that we are more concerned now, but then I would highlight core industrial that I feel better. And I highlighted, we had really a very good results here in Q4. And we have better confidence for the full year. So I think that’s a combination of things. Net-net, I feel as comfortable about the guidance for this year as I was in November. And that’s really why we keep the full year guidance even that we see here for Q1, a bigger target.
Olivier Filliol: So we – from experience, we have seen that if you have – if we have a significant slowdown, we have the pent-up coming back and that’s just based on experience and we have every reason to feel the same way here. And as mentioned before, I do expect that the government will also support the economy and that we will benefit. And there are certainly areas where we probably going to see more investments, particularly in the area of life science as an outcome of this. The second question, it’s not an easy one to answer. To be honest, we have spent a significant time to review here with our local team. The impact now for this February 10 we sought. So I think it will mostly depend what kind of actions the government takes. If the government would suddenly extend this lock periods for operations that people would not allow to go back to the facility or so. That’s one. But the other one is they might restricts travel. And I can’t be give you good numbers here for all the different scenarios. From today’s perspective, I’m not particularly concerned about the supply chain. I think we can master that and we have reasonable contingency, even if this takes a few extra days, I don’t see that as a big problem. The bigger question is actually how our customers will react in that situation. That’s the big one. I think what we can manage things we – you heard me saying before, we have contingency plan. When we think about alternatives, we have this tele-channel that we can activate and all that stuff. But it’s difficult to anticipate what the customers will be. And we have so many different customers in China. You have international customers, you have the local ones, you have food, you have life science. So every extension will impact our numbers. No question. But I think with our guidance that we gave you and the details we gave you – we gave you already quite some indication that this extra days of closing has a significant impact on our numbers. And if this is extended by one or two weeks, then you need to assume that our numbers will be worse than what we are guiding you right now in Q1, right.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. And so we initiated the front cost actions. There were cost actions related to the Food Retail business. These were executed throughout last years and we’re going to have the benefit also ongoing list here. There were also cost actions that we did in the area of IT, back office and so on. These were executed mostly in Q3. And so we have more benefits coming in this year. So yes, different things, we have benefits in 2020 coming from that. And we build it in our guidance.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. I would actually put it to really good execution by the team. I think the team does a fantastic job. They are very effective in implementing Spinnaker. And they are really good at going off to the industry segments that have the best opportunities. And that was very helpful in that environment that we experienced here in China last year.
Olivier Filliol: I think the competitive landscape is quite settled because we are not running the Food Retail business for market share. We really run this business for profitability. We are focusing particular on large accounts. We are focusing on the most attractive countries. And in that sense, we have refined our strategy and are executing that strategy and we’ll stick with it even when the market will recover. Yes. I think we are really – we want to be very disciplined on that business. We have been running this strategy for quite a few years. And of course, it hurts when we see that it impact our top line. But this resource shifting that we are doing in the organization helps us to grow many businesses with excellent profitability, with excellent long-term growth opportunities. And the Food Retail business, we did less of that. And as a consequence, it became smaller in percentage of the total business. Today, Food Retail is about 7% of our revenue. This is much less than what it was couple of years ago. And I feel this is the right strategy. So I’m not irritated by these temporary challenges, but of course it hurts, no question.
Olivier Filliol: The biggest category is packaged food. And that’s the biggest one. But you would also have, for example, the cosmetics industry also a little bit of pharma and you also have a meat, which can be unpackaged meat. So these are kind of the different categories. They are typically big companies. Many of them have global operations. Yes, that would characterize kind of the key end user segments. This packaged food companies, the branded packaged food companies have a rather difficult period. There are new market trends from consumers that impact things. You have channel topics that they face, these branded consumer package companies. And you see that also kind of the overall performance of these companies’ market caps and so on. And that has an impact on their investment behavior. And we feel that.
Olivier Filliol: No. The whole Brexit topic has not been a particular relevant one for us. Now we had our contingency plans in case it would have been a hard Brexit. Now things are really calm for us. And of course, if at the end of the year this hard Brexit becomes again a probability, then our contingency plan will be very relevant. But I want also to remind the UK it’s about 3% of our revenue. So even if Brexit would have some demand implications, it’s not so relevant for the group level.
Olivier Filliol: Yes, I leave it, I totally agree in that sense. I don’t think there is a particular effect here that we need to highlight.
Olivier Filliol: From today’s perspective, everything point out to this, but honestly things have changed a lot every day. We have been on the phone and the email exchanges every day and there was always news. I think in that sense, I am confident with the information that I have. But I have also seen that individual provinces make their own decisions and that can also influence us. It can be travel restrictions specific to provinces and so on. But again, from today’s perspective, we do expect that we can re-launch our operations.
Olivier Filliol: As I covered early on, first, we are impacted now just by the fact that we can’t meet our customers. And that we can’t really take orders or initiate quote and all these things. I would say, independent across all the industry segments. But then there are industry segments that will be impacted in terms of demand in Q1. I was highlighting that for example, retail will probably be more impacted than life science pharma customers, maybe even packaged food companies. So there will be differences.
Olivier Filliol: On the consumables topic, most of our consumable is actually related around liquid handling pipettes. Actually the pipette business could be one that has some upside from the whole thing. You can imagine, but pipetting is very important and I wouldn’t be surprised that we saw a trend to on will be intensified. It’s even an area that where you right now see in our Chinese business. So I don’t think that we will lose on the consumable business for the full year. And even the other part of the consumable, I don’t think will be much impacted. The consumable piece is impacted by the research activities and in the area of production. For example, when I think about process analytics and so on, I don’t think that the demand would be impacted for the full year.
Olivier Filliol: It didn’t change too much. I think, I was highlighting before that I felt better about our execution in Q4, particularly also in core industrial, but also overall I felt better on that piece. What came in weaker is Food Retail. And certainly we have certainly global economy things, but I wouldn’t give too much weight on that. So net-net, I feel the same.
Olivier Filliol: Package food CapEx is certainly a good indicator for that. This is an indication how much investment is going in packaging equipment and all the things that is. And in general, I would say when the consumer packaged food – consumer package companies recovering we will see investment going back into it.
Shawn Vadala: Thanks, Olivier. Sales were $844 million in the quarter, an increase of 4% in local currency. On a U.S. dollar basis, total sales increased 3%, as currencies reduced sales growth by approximately 1% in the quarter. On Slide number 4, we show sales growth by region. Local currency sales grew 6% in the Americas, 1% in Europe and 5% in Asia/Rest of World. China had growth of 8% a little bit better than what we expected the last time we spoke. The next slide shows year-to-date results. Local currency sales for the year grew 5% and as Olivier mentioned, excluding Food Retail, local currency sales growth was 6% in 2019. By region for the year sales increased 6% in the Americas, 3% in Europe and 6% in Asia/Rest of World. On Slide number 6 we outlined local currency sales growth by product area. For the fourth quarter laboratory sales grew 6%, industrial increased 2% with core industrial up 4%, while product inspection was flat. Food Retail declined 2% in the quarter.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So just to be clear, we’re going to have headwinds for Q1 of about 2%. It was the gross impact of tariffs and then we’ll have a little bit of impacting Q2.
Shawn Vadala: Excluding the impact of currency, we’re probably looking at about 70 basis point improvement in 2020. But currency will probably right now we’re looking at it, it could have a headwind of up to 20 basis points.
Shawn Vadala: And as we mentioned in the past too, one of the big questions we had a quarter ago is, what is it going to be like when we start to lap some of these tough comparisons in core industrial? I mean we just lapped 13% last year and we have one quarter behind us in that regard and now it gives us a little bit more confidence in the momentum in that business.
Shawn Vadala: And then on top of that, of course, we have our ongoing programs under the stern drive umbrella that we’re constantly doing as well too.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Sure. So in pricing, we’re very pleased with the quarter. It came in very much as we expected, just slightly under 2.5%, which kind of puts us right at that same kind of number on a full year basis. And then in terms of tariffs, on an annualized basis, the gross headwind is about $25 million. As we’ve kind of communicated in the past, if it all went away, some of the mitigation actions would also go away. We’ve kind of mentioned in the past that we would see probably an EPS growth benefit of 1% to 1.5%. I’d probably say sitting here today it’s maybe closer to 1.5% kind of benefit on an annualized basis.
Shawn Vadala: We haven’t – I mean, it’s not like we have a formula where it’s so micro, but I mean certainly it’s in our thinking to give us confidence that we can still meet the midyear – I mean, I’m sorry, the mid-single digit sales growth guidance for the full year for China. As kind of Olivier, kind of already mentioned with the expected recovery in the second half of the year. But certainly, that could be an upside that we could see in the latter parts of this year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. We were very pleased with China, came in a little bit better than we expected 8% growth. On the laboratory side, we were double-digit growth. So we’re very pleased with that given the stack comps that we’ve talked to you about in the past, but equally very happy with the industrial business. I mean, our industrial business was up high single-digits, very strong high single-digits. So we’re very pleased with that type of growth as well to. Offsetting that is we had a weaker results in the local retail business there. But otherwise very pleased with what we saw in the quarter. And frankly, we were feeling very good entering 2020 before the coronavirus situation.
Shawn Vadala: We expect to get off to a slower start there. As you mentioned, we have our toughest comp there with a 9% growth in the prior year. Europe will also have a little bit of retail effect in the first quarter as well. But right now, we continue to feel like the economy has been good enough there. But we’re very much aware of where PMI has had been over the last year. We continue to monitor it closely. But as we always say, as long as customers stick to their replacement cycles, we feel pretty good. And similar to China, we also have a very strong execution by our sales and marketing organization in Europe. And given that it’s our largest direct business, we often get the most impact from a lot of our Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives there.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. No, of course the recovery from the coronavirus is now like the topic that’s going to impact Q2 versus Q3, but nothing really standing out from my mind when I look at the rest of the year at this point in time.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So Vijay, maybe one thing is that in 2018, if you’re comparing it to growth in 2018, included a little bit of acquisition growth. So I think if you look at 2019 and 2018 on an organic basis, were both – above, I think it was 7% in both years. So from our perspective, we don’t feel like there’s any difference or slow down. And especially when you look at our growth on our multi-years stack basis, we feel very good about the business and the momentum. And if you look at inside the business, I think, particularly interesting this year as you saw very, very strong growth across many of the product categories. And so it just shows you the breadth of the portfolio really working the robustness of the portfolio, lots of new products coming out in the last few years. And of course, lab benefits disproportionately from our Spinnaker initiatives just given the end markets and a lot of the focus. So we actually felt very good about lab entering this year, recognizing people might’ve wanted us to guide higher than mid-single digit, but really it was very much just related to the multi-year stack comp.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So on the pricing side, we had kind of previously guided between a 150 basis points to 200 basis points, acknowledging that the last few years we’ve been in that 200 plus basis point range. But I think it’s also fair to say in the last few years, we’ve also been able to take advantage of some inflationary situations or the tariff situation. We kind of entered 2020 with a lower inflation environment around the world. So I think we probably will see something more the 150 basis point to 200 basis point range. And then in terms of the tax rate, no change to 2020. We expect to be at 20% before discrete items in 2020.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. We were a little bit more optimistic on the margin maybe three months ago. One of the things kind of mitigating that was higher pension service cost. So there’s a benefit below OP on that for the non-service part, but the service part is above OP. So they kind of largely offset each other in terms of EPS, but it’s a little bit more of a drag on OP.
Shawn Vadala: And we might see something in field service. But that’s a smaller part of the Chinese business versus our global average.
