Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then comment on current business conditions, as well as provide an update on new products launched, as well as some additional investments we are making in emerging markets. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end. The highlight for the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. Local currency sales increased 1% in the quarter, with the decline in China worse than expected. However, Europe did a little better and the Americas had a solid quarter in line with expectations. We had another quarter of gross margin improvement which, combined with the benefit of our cost control initiatives, drove a solid increase in operating profit and earnings. I'm pleased with the 8% increase in earnings per share, given the modest sales growth. While economic indicators have pointed to some improvements, we have not yet seen that translate into our markets. We do expect some modest improvements next year and we are initiating selected investments in anticipation of more growth. Bill will provide additional details for the remainder of 2013 and for 2014, and I will now turn it over to him, to first cover third quarter financial results.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes. Maybe, Ross, just quickly back on China. I want to stress the point the part it will take longer for us to recover is the part where there is significant overcapacity. And consumer confidence will not really help there, that takes typically multiple quarters. However, there are regions in China that are still developing. And there we see, actually, growth. And I was happy to see that the west, for example, for us, in China, had good growth. And so I am actually confident that next year we'll find segments and we will find multiple territories that will yield good growth for us and that it takes just a little bit more time than for the other segments steel, but also chemical and so on, that will take a couple of quarters to rebalance because they have overcapacity. So yes, that's maybe an additional flavor of why we feel comfortable that later next year, China will show better numbers for us.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay. I still feel extremely good about our market position. We are certainly the strongest brand. We are perceived as having an excellent quality. We have a very strong team and we have a very good coverage. We are facing a lot of competition there, local competition. As mentioned at previous times, the Chinese market is still very fragmented, in particular, also in Industrial area. But I feel very comfortable that we can maintain this very strong position. I would, however, recognize that the current environment leads to situations where we are walking away because our margins get too low or we are walking away because the payment terms are not attractive to us and these kinds of businesses can go to competition, but that's okay for us. I feel also that our strategy that we are pursuing, of expanding our coverage in China going to second tier, third tier cities, is still a very good one. I have continued evidence that this development will go on and that we can capture additional market share by this strategy. So I really feel the team and the strategy is very solid and we just need now to overcome this economic cycle and these challenges. It doesn't come fully unexpected. We always said that China is offering very good growth prospects, but it's also more volatile than in the western markets. And we enjoyed excellent growth for many, many quarters, and now we are challenged. And nevertheless, we didn't expect that it would last that many quarters. That's certainly also when we talked last time, I would have expected a better number for this quarter and that's certainly one reason why we remain cautious going forward. But the mid- and long-term prospect of China remains very, very good. We see also that, in particular, for the type of equipment that we are selling in China, we are in a favored position. And the drive towards quality is helping us also relative to competition and we are known for the best quality products. And that positions us well versus international competition, but also versus local competition.
Olivier A. Filliol: It's a lumpy business and, often, it can be driven by large projects, in this case, actually it wasn't a particularly large project, the U.S. actually did well on retail and we had also in Europe that did well.
Olivier A. Filliol: Hey, Dan, this way of businesses steps, as long as the economy was doing well, were attractive to us. Now when the economy becomes difficult, we certainly face margin pressure there, and then, in particular, the financial terms became difficult, and payment terms that just were not acceptable for us. And that's certainly also driven by the structure, who owns the businesses that is buying the type of equipment, and so we decided to exit it. I would stress the point that this is businesses that we were -- historically, wanted doing it in China, and we don't have that kind of business in U.S. or Europe. And I do not foresee that this becomes, now, a prejudice for more to come. I think that was an exercise that we had to do this summer under this new economic circumstances. And in that sense, I look at it as a onetime effort that we have to do here. But it carries forward into next year.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes. I would start with the point that the key challenge that we face in many of the industry segments is that the manufacturing GDP growth came down versus expectations. And so many of our customers have overcapacity. And in that sense, even if manufacturing GDP growth recovers, it first needs to recover so much that the overcapacity is reduced or eliminated. And that's why Bill referred before, that we see fewer new plants being built and there is less plant expansions. Predicting exactly this one is difficult, but having consumer confidence coming back is the first step toward seeing -- having our customers again, getting confidence that they will sell more and, therefore, need to have increased capacity. So these very early trends are going in the right direction. And we are just facing a delay until we are going to see it in our numbers. Of course, it varies also by product lines as well as business segments. For example, for the food industry, I would expect that to see it much faster than, for example, in the chemical industry.
Olivier A. Filliol: 3.5% growth. And actually, we did pretty well across the globe. Americas maybe a little bit less. Bill mentioned on the call that we went live with Blue Ocean in U.S. and you can imagine a go-live for Blue Ocean impacts definitely also the service organization. And in that sense, we were a little bit lower there. But overall, Europe and, actually, Asia, including also China, was reasonably well on service.
Olivier A. Filliol: The main strategy remains really the same. We, as you mentioned, we are interested in adjacent technologies. We are interested in consolidating the markets, but I would not give particular focus on China. And there are not that many opportunities. And to be honest, acquisitions in China are not that easy, there always are complications with would to pick[ph] at this stage, I have also to say, I prefer that our team is focused on the organic opportunities. I really think that with our portfolio, we have many opportunities and we don't need to do acquisitions to regain here a good growth out of China. So it's not a particular focus.
Olivier A. Filliol: We remain very interested in these and you have seen us, for example, by acquiring 2 vision inspection companies in the last 2 years. So these kind of adjacencies, remain of high interest to us. Vision inspection is a technology that has accelerated growth, is very complimentary to the PI portfolio and would definitely also -- or will have a good impact on emerging markets and so on. We are interested and we pursue these acquisition opportunities, but there is nothing that I see here materialize in the coming weeks or that I would have something to announce here.
Olivier A. Filliol: The way we should look at it, we always launch many products every year. And in that sense, I would first say an individual product doesn't make a huge difference to the top line. And the same without however else to say, to the R&D budget. Our R&D budget are relatively stable and I would also expect when make sure that the R&D budget remains about the same what we have had in recent years. I do expect that our productivity continues to increase our R&D, because we are also leveraging low-cost countries in R&D activities. On the investments that I was referring in the prepared remarks, was more towards field resources. The example that I gave on the call was, for example, Indonesia, Vietnam, Philippines, Turkey, Brazil, but many other markets. This is, in essence, less related to product innovation, but making sure that we have really a good coverage in the different markets, in different territories, investing in application specialists. But sometimes, it can be also the expansion of our telesales team or other marketing activities. So again, investment more towards growth, to field activity and field presence.
Olivier A. Filliol: So for China, we are taking measures. We started actually already early in the year. And we saw still underway, we have selective headcount reductions and we are certainly also doing resource shift, Bill referred before, to the business exits that we have that allow us to redirect the attention of the team to more attractive segments and this is associated also with resource shift. Besides that, in the September time frame, Bill or myself were on the global tour to do the budget, reviews with all our operating units. With these operating units, we are assuming a modest improvement of the economic environment and this is reflected in the operational plans. Should the economic environment change for the worse, of course, we would have to go back and rethink some of the assumptions and the related cost base. But it's not that we feel that we already need to initiate here another cost program.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes. We'd still see that. It's a -- hey, I have hard time to give you concrete examples and -- but the fact is, we, in China, the big-named industrial weighing world, we are talking about hundreds of local competitors many of them are family-owned and small regional players. I definitely would observe that they are faced with even more difficulties, and the financial situation makes it also very difficult for them. So yes, I do expect that we will continue to emerge stronger out of that situation. But it's very difficult to quantify what this really means.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, I wouldn't too much correlate's it with China, I would say, in general, emerging markets are, actually in China, we have a particular situation because we started extremely early, we were -- we're one of the very first fine companies there. And we, very early on, build up production plants, have local engineering and it's certainly also one of the reasons why we are more skewed with the Industrial business mix. But the order -- emerging markets, don't have the same business mix. And typically, actually, we would even first enter our market through Lab and Product Inspection and then the Industrial would follow. And that's partially now also the case with this new Southeast Asia market. And yes, I have big hopes. We have an excellent team. We have been -- we have a very strong base today already in Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand, and that strong team is a bridgehead to go into Vietnam, Indonesia and Philippines. And in that sense I would rather see scaling up that presence to these new markets rather than saying it’s out of China or has a connection with China.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay. Let me start maybe by saying, while emerging markets, in total, is about 36%, 11% more than half, or about half, is coming from China. And then the remaining countries, all are much smaller. None of the other countries would actually be more than 3%. So it's -- we have important markets like India. We have Brazil. We have Russia. I mentioned Southeast Asia, but also countries like Korea and so on, In general, I have to say, I'm pleased at how they are performing. I would, first, also say, we have very strong teams in all these countries. And we have a very strong market presence. In India, you have heard me talking in the past, we still have some development to do. We, for a couple of years, didn't grow as we wanted. And then we had the leadership change and made some other changes 2 years ago. I feel that the team has actually emerged very strong out of these changes. But I would also recognize that the Indian market, the Indian economy, is a challenging environment right now. But how we do, relative to competition and peers, I'm very pleased by that. So that's -- maybe as a context, I would recognize that several emerging markets are impacted by the Chinese slowdown. We would see that even in Brazil, because Brazil would also export a lot of things to China, and so there are side effects, all we have the neighbor countries of China, of course, that are also impacted.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. Thanks, Olivier. Let me just make a couple points. First of all, I want to say that I'm very happy with my role here at Mettler-Toledo and excited about this development. Not only for myself, but of course, for Shawn. Some of you have met Shawn in the past, he's been our group controller, and he's been at Mettler-Toledo for about 16 years. In addition to Shawn's finance responsibilities, he's been the leader of our pricing initiatives that we've been talking about for many years. Shawn is based in Ohio and worked for us in Switzerland for 5 years earlier in his career. In terms of myself and what this means for me, let me start by saying that I'm generally enjoying my job and I'm happy to come to work every day. I marvel at what the company has accomplished over many years, but I'm just as excited about the future and what we can all accomplish together. I'm grateful to have such a strong finance team with nearly 50 years of combined experience just between myself, Shawn and Mary. Their competence has allowed me to expand my role and to help Olivier to move the company forward. For you guys, being the investment community, the impact of this organizational change will be limited. Shawn will continue to drive our internal financial processes under my direction; Mary will continue to report to me; and me -- and we, Mary and I, I mean, will continue to be your contacts for Investor Relations purposes. So the bottom line is no big changes from your perspective. Okay that's it for my side and from Olivier's side, and I suggest we now open the lines for questions.
William P. Donnelly: Maybe I'd start with the following: I would say that there's an element, and we've talked about it many times in our business about how comparisons go. And I think, on the order entry side, we started seeing some slowing growth in order entry and eventually declines last year. And now, this year, we were talking about let's just compare apples-to-apples. I think, we had a total of 12% decline, including these exited product lines. And on the same basis, I think, order entry was only about a 3% decline. So I do tend to think that the comparisons will become easier starting in the second quarter of next year. So that's just maybe an overall comment. And you made some specific questions in and around segment areas. I think that if we look at these segments that are close to the consumer spending trends, you'd see a lot about consumer confidence in China, where we see nice numbers coming out of. For example, we were talking today with a Chinese leader of a bottling business and reporting super growth recently. And so we do see that the food segment of the market has one example, particularly, food quality topic is going quite well. As you mentioned, environmental, it has gone well, but not as many of our products go into that segment. And I think that Olivier often talks about the impact of capacity utilization. And from a capacity utilization, I think that there's still excess capacity, overall, from a Chinese point of view. But I think it's good that it's starting to be nothing to a little bit. Recently, their manufacturing GDP numbers and leading indicators too, that haven't been too bad. And so we do expect things to improve overall.
William P. Donnelly: Maybe the double-digit and mid-teens numbers, I think, we would not expect those for next year. We do expect growth and pretty decent growth in the second half of the year. But probably, our view would be before we see mid-teens again it would be, at a minimum, probably '15.
William P. Donnelly: In terms of how the pacing went in Europe, order entry growth was, I think, one percentage point less than sales growth in the quarter. But it shows it was not just us eating in the backlog, it was a solid number for Europe. And so I think we'll have a decent growth number coming out in Q4. I would not expect it to be 7% again, but I think we'll see a mid-single digit kind of growth number in Q4 as well.
William P. Donnelly: It's was a relatively easier comp. Actually, the comp getting a little bit tougher but, hey, I think our market position in China remains -- or sorry, in retail remains pretty solid.
William P. Donnelly: I would add that, I think, by making that decision to do that, it allowed us to be able to communicate more easily with the Chinese management team about redirecting resources to the better growth opportunities. By making that decision, then, it was easier for us to push for investment in other areas.
William P. Donnelly: We'll have -- we expect kind of mid single-digit growth coming out of Asia and then, China might be a little bit less than that because of the impact of these exited product lines. And then, we would assume that Lab does better than Industrial within that mix. So yes, you probably -- you'll see, even some minus maybe, in Industrial at the early part of the year, but the overall picture would be something like how I described.
William P. Donnelly: Product Inspection will do very well, but percentage-wise, it's not that big of a number yet. Not the same ratio as we have in the west.
William P. Donnelly: I might add that maybe the start of your question, Jon, might have implied M&A versus share repurchase, and I think we both feel that, to the extent, we identify opportunities that makes sense, there's plenty of room in the balance sheet to absorb acquisitions and that wouldn't hinder our share repurchase plans.
William P. Donnelly: Hey, I think we're going to be able to do a number in the 150-basis-point range. That's a little less than we have this year. As a reminder, we did a mid-year price increase in 2012, which benefited us this year. But the way we see the market, at that point in time, we're able to push through a midyear price increase, in part, because of a lot of sense of inflation coming in. We don't see that opportunity now, but a number in 150 basis points, we think is realistic for next year.
William P. Donnelly: So in the quarter, price increases were up about 240 bps. And just as a reminder, that had about 120 bps impact on the gross profit margin, just the way the math works.
William P. Donnelly: You're probably wording the question in a way that's a little different than how we think, so it's hesitating a little bit. I think, first of all, I think, we've always been a little bit late cycle would be kind of one comment when it comes to economic recovery. And then the second thing is, if you think about our Western businesses, our Western businesses always have -- are largely replacement in nature, either the replacement of our own products or the replacement of competitor products. And so replacement cycles rely, to a certain extent, on economic stability. I think, right now, we're definitely benefiting in Europe from both of those. I think, for the first time in a while, now, in 2013, Europe is not having a lot of noise, and we see, now, a return to good growth in Europe, as a result of that, combined with easier comparisons because of it. In the Americas, I think we very much see the same. I think our Americas numbers were solid in a quarter with 5% growth. And I think we'll put up something similar in the fourth quarter. I think in terms of what we see in China, it's a combination of things. It's the growth, we're a little bit later cycle of its impact of capacity utilization in the investment in new plants and plant expansions that Olivier talked about, and then, the fact that our business is going through a little bit this transition from some of the older infrastructure-related segments to some of the newer segments and how that evolves over time. So I -- our view is we're going to start to see some modest improvements next year. Certainly, we'll grow more in '14 than we did in '13 on the top line. And China's a little bit the variable. If China goes better, faster, than we think, that could be an upside. But as well, we need to see if there's another, if there could be another bump in the road there or somewhere else as well.
William P. Donnelly: Yes, I think we have similar type of inflationary pressures on labor and other factors in emerging markets, particularly in China. But a very much in line with what we've had in recent years. I would say that our teams there have always done a good job of productivity gains. We focus on that a lot in China, make investments, whether that be in automation, in Lean processes or whatever, and we expect that to continue. The one thing I might add to it is that vis-à-vis our pricing initiatives, our emerging market countries are getting better at realizing prices than in the past. And I think that's one additional lever that we have now, going forward, to help us overcome some of this inflation that you talked about.
William P. Donnelly: Yes. Just to be clear, I was talking about the number. We always talk about that number before amortization, and then you'll have amortization increase, I think, by $4 million or something.
William P. Donnelly: So interest expense will be a modest increase, let's call it something like $1.5 million or something.
William P. Donnelly: No, not really. A, probably because the midpoint that we felt was the most likely number required that we have a narrow range. And I know that sounds kind of funny, but it would've been funny to give guidance of 2.5 to 4.5, so we gave guidance of 3 to 4. I wish I had a more scientific way to give it to you, Brandon.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. I think that we're going to have, in '14, we'll have low- to mid-single-digit growth in Europe and the Americas, with the Americas being a little bit better, Europe a little bit worse. And then, the Asia/Rest of World number, should be in the mid-single-digit range, with China being a little less, largely just because of these product line exits we described and the impact that they'll have for the, let's call it, the first 3 quarters, 2 quarters of next year. Yes, hey, that gives you a feeling, geographically. In terms of the divisional view or product category view, we should get mid-single digits coming out of our Lab business. I think because of the big China mix, our Industrial business, our core industrial business will be flat, but we'll have high single-digit growth in the Product Inspection area, and, hey, let's assume that, that ends up being a low to mid-single-digit kind of growth rate combined. And then, hey retail will be flattish.
