Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page three of the presentation. Local currency sales growth was 6% in the quarter and better than we expected. We continue to generate very solid growth in the America. Asia/Rest of the World including China had very good growth. Europe growth was solid. With the benefit of our margin and cost initiatives we had good growth in margins which contributed to excellent growth in earnings per share. Cash flow was also strong in the quarter. We are very happy with our performance as well our outlook for the remainder of the year. We will cover this shortly, but let me now turn it to Bill to cover the numbers.
Olivier Filliol: So if I take it by geography actually I will talk with the performance across the geography. But what I would highlight as particular nice is that we in Asia Services going very nicely. China had actually good growth of multiple quarters despite the product range [indiscernible] and the Services are growing that had a good reflects that our initiative have actually real impact and then we capitalize that growth. A highlight of the perfect market of age, of course, our penetration attach the place of Service is higher in mature markets and seeing us and catch up in emerging market side. If we talk about business segment particularly with ionized product where Service is going very nicely over the last couple of quarters and in terms of profitability but also pretty benefit is this particularly for us is Services increasingly across all the business, Products in particular. So that's probably benefit of the flavor that it would get [indiscernible].
Olivier Filliol: So we used the term Field Turbo and we have found on to weight this field additions have very project oriented in the sense that we really drilled out on the business story that the business line look and where we have these opportunities with good pay back. And what we do is we monitor actually the progress of these. So we monitor on one hand the implementation of it, are we successful in recruiting, onboarding, building up the pipeline and all the things. I'm very happy with how it’s going. We do kind of [indiscernible] support for that. We need to [indiscernible]. But then when it comes to the financial results, of course, it’s a little bit more difficult to isolate, but we have also dashboard behind us where we look at are we successfully outgrowing across the group average. Where we [indiscernible] and there is a very nice correlation between [indiscernible] where we are accelerating our growth. So I really feel good about it. Definitely [indiscernible] reflects in our results that this is paying off. We were talking about service before. Service is also an area where we did very positive addition [indiscernible] sales or services. We use like telesales and dedicated service and sales resources for service and [indiscernible].
Olivier Filliol: Not really. I think actually overall the industrial business is not too great [indiscernible]. I don't see anything get worse at all. On the contrary we could see very gradually things getting better and in Europe overall I expect that within the next few quarters we will be reasonably good. So the Brexit effect I am not saying it’s positive, but it's also not particularly negative. [indiscernible] with one exception, U.K. itself. But we need to [indiscernible] U.K. is a [indiscernible] percent of our total revenue. U.K. had already some softness before Brexit. I would associated some of the softness with the uncertainty and certainly after the whole uncertainty [indiscernible] further up and we will expect some further softness in U.K.
Olivier Filliol: Yeah regarding Switzerland note currently it’s actually didn't move particular it's worth make a difference and Swiss matters was something that we initiated with a multiyear plan and we are progressing very well on that plan and I am very happy with the progress that we're making. The currency moves that took place is impacting our producing organization in U.K. As we might know we have for the Product Inspection we have the metal detection at the x-rays production there this is an attempt a favorable for us, but it will not change something to our global manufacturing strategy or output. So I don't see that this will impact our strategy in any significant way.
Olivier Filliol: So this is a case that fits perfectly now with franchise. From a size perspective, it’s really core. With these opportunities around, yes, we definitely go for them. We have a radar of possible targets and there are more such companies. But actually you can’t really time when they’ll become available [indiscernible]. So we really pursue them and whenever they materialize, we are more than happy to close them. We are looking at smaller ones too, but you shouldn’t look that as a new path strategy that we are pursuing here. Yes, we did a couple of technology adjacencies and this time we had a great opportunity to acquire actually a service business, and if that pops up again we will do so.
Olivier Filliol: So we did compete but while in Europe we are market leader, in the U.S. Troemner was the market leader and we had a relatively small weights and weight calibration of business in U.S. and talk it perfectly fit our franchise.
Olivier Filliol: Troemner has a fantastic brand and confident in U.S. that they build up over decade that always made it difficult for Mettler to lead or to compete. As in Europe we have been the leader with patent it was difficult Troemner to establish a presence in Europe.
Olivier Filliol: Now so they use other indirect channels and Ore House was not a part of them and they have -- that they have multiple brands that they also leveraging at this current stage and we're going to maintain that, but in addition we definitely want to leverage the Ore House brand or the Ore House franchise to expand in particular also in international markets where Troemner was a particularly strong with their lab equipment business.
Olivier Filliol: I would say yes to both what you said. [indiscernible] generally the Lab is doing well, but I would also say, yes, that the life science and biopharma is particularly strong in China.
William Donnelly: So you’re right. It was modestly easier comp so in Q1 of 2015, we grew by about 8% and in Q2 of 2015 we grew by about 5%, and then last quarter we grew 5% on the 8%, so about 13% two-year growth, and now the 10% would imply 15% two-year growth and a slight therefore acceleration in the two-year growth. If we look out to the next quarter, the comp will be 7%. So I think our view is that lab will grow well. The two-year growth rate will continue in a similar kind of range to what we have on a year-to-date basis, and specifically in terms of the end-market as Olivier mentioned biopharma spending is good. It should continue to be good, but you know comps [ph] matter of it.
William Donnelly: Yeah, I think -- so we're at I think it’s 80-plus on a year-to-date basis and that might be a little bit more than we would expect in Q3 and Q4 but still something probably north of the 50 basis points in Q3 and Q4. As we mentioned on the last call we really just had a very tough comp vis-à-vis Q1 of year ago on our gross profit margin. It was by far the biggest year-on-year increase that we had our year-end. And so I think kind of work themselves out on year-to-date basis in terms of the expense so we feel that the gross profit margin expansion that you guys have got used to should continue now.
William Donnelly: I think it's sometimes difficult to point specifically to market share gains. I think if we look in our lab in particular within one quarter, Isaac, but if we look at how we’re performing in lab and product inspection, I would say those are two categories that we would view ourselves doing very well competitively and very well specifically in Europe. As a reminder, Europe is the place where we have the largest percentage of direct sales. And so many of our [indiscernible] initiatives are often most fruitful there.
William Donnelly: Okay. So a couple questions. So on an annualized basis, it's [indiscernible] about 1% of sales, and then we're assuming it's going to close in the next couple of weeks. And it's at 1% on an annualized basis [indiscernible] by a week or two I think. That won’t make a material difference. And then the nature of the business would be that the vast majority of it will be inside the lab business.
William Donnelly: Yeah, so maybe a little bit of clarification in terms of the incremental margin I think at least the way we calculated it it's the 31% in were measured in actual dollars, but it's actually about 34%, 35% in constant currency, so probably closer to maybe what you would expect it. And then those included in there was a bid asset catch up and made investment to incentive payment in terms of our SG&A increase. And so we did trigger some reevaluation of where we expect to finish at the end of the [indiscernible] target. And maybe a last point would be along the lines when we were talking about for a while is that we do like the effectiveness to date in the Field Turbo program so either certain some brand investment with our -- to our internal program be in the quarter-end. And you'll see a little bit of that forward. In terms of our incremental margin I continue to think that, you know, numbers [indiscernible] are very realistic and frankly with the caps at the judgment that the comps in the current quarter won't impact full year number in any material way would have been there.
William Donnelly: So if I look at China in total I think the second quarter was marginally better than the first. If I -- that was largely driven by our bad business and in particular the process analytics in the Lab business. If we look at kind of where we are we would expect a positive second half of the year particularly be to where we - where expectation were once we started the year but probably a little less than what you saw in the most recent quarter I think we grew our Lab business in China by, you know, close to 20% in the second quarter, and I think we don't expect that kind of growth a little bit large order driven and particularly in the third quarter. We probably sitting here today would estimate that maybe the fourth quarter [indiscernible].
William Donnelly: Yes, I think at this stage, I think mid-single digit would probably be a pretty good guess. Specifically in the second quarter, we were at 9.5%, 10%, and about 20% on the lab.
William Donnelly: Yeah, maybe just to clarify, at least for us we’re thinking this is the first decline from a sales reported number, the first weak number. I think it’s been pretty consistent. It was 7% in the first quarter, 6% last year. It’s totally in backlog build. Actually the order entry in the quarter was high-single digits, and we were looking for a return to high-single digit or better in the third quarter. In the details of the why, if you kind of look at what happened in our product mix, as you know, it's one of the longer lead time products that we have in the portfolio, and just the mix changed a bit in a quarter where there were a lot more within [indiscernible]. So we're very happy with how that business performed in terms of execution, and continue to think that the market dynamics are good in that business, Tycho.
William Donnelly: Yeah, let me double-check the details. So maybe in the second half of the year we think we'll have some growth. I’ve to double check and see if there are any large P&L orders [indiscernible] something in the second half of last year, but I don’t think so. So some modest growth, single-digit growth.
William Donnelly: I'll take the first part of the question, but let Olivier start with the second part of your question.
William Donnelly: You know I understand the comment if you -- I think that the comment that we've been making now in the last couple of quarters, Rick, is that given over capacity as well as credit risk in the Chinese market that it's worth put a little bit of a discount on that piece of it that would kind of number one. And number two would be in the details now and I am not counting a lot of basis points but that we see some tougher comps in a couple of different areas. So if you look at our year-to-date number we are plus 5% and we're saying A, by the end of the year we should finish it 4.5% at the midpoint of the range and I guess closer to 5% at the high end of the range, so let's see how China and some of these comps play out. Biopharma has been a strong market for a while. I'd like to think that there is upside to the numbers but we'll see as the quarter and the second half plays out.
William Donnelly: Maybe on the economic stuff, I’m not sure if we’re a better source than kind of what you guys read. I think it's a bit of a lot of economic data globally. It’s a bit of a mixed picture. Maybe one interesting insight we might give you is that I know there’s been some articles that some of the GDP growth has come from leveraging up further some of this state-owned enterprises and regional governments, and it was interesting for us to see when we sorted through the details of our numbers that we saw really good growth, of course, in the government sector when it came to labs, but we also saw across the board a very good growth with multinationals. And that's an interesting comment in the sense that if you look over the last three years, the percentage of our total sales in China going to multinationals has shrunk, but now we see a nice rebound in the first half of the year across product categories, and I think that this famous comment that we talked about for a multinational company, they can defer the replacement cycle for a while on our products, but eventually it bounces back and I think we see that a little bit there. It’s probably a little less on the project side but much more of this return to the normal replacement cycle. In terms of the order entry, the order entry was similarly positive to what we saw on the sales side. So it was a solid number. It’s not that purely the order entry would make us cautious about the second half; it's just the realities of that it’s still a market with some instability in it, and I think us remaining cautious makes sense, but I actually felt what we just shared with you about multinationals was one of the more positive readings that we had in our data coming out of China.
William Donnelly: Sure. So in terms of our price increases, our net realized price increases were 230 basis points up in the second quarter, and on a year-to-date basis they're now up at 2%. We did go and look – and just to put that in a little bit of context, some of that was us chasing some of the currency movements. That’s going to happen in the course of the earlier part of the end of the first quarter, early part of the second quarter. And so we are trying to do something in terms of mid-year prices. I would not expect the second half of the year to be worse than 2% at this point in time.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is actually Phil on behalf of Paul. I just have one question. You were kind of highlighting Services and Products, if you maybe could just by either by segment or by geography kind of where are you seeing strengths for each of those. There's any anomalies in terms of growth of demand. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is [indiscernible] in for Ross, actually on his way out to see you guys. Congrats on a good quarter. I just wanted to ask a little bit more about your services investments that you've been making a lot of the you know and how that's impacting the sales line in terms of -- you know how do you think about the payback for those investments and how does that get address you know show you evidence that confidence in the revenue line trajectory? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then just one quick follow-up. Do you have any worries about any industrial softness or purchasing delays in Eastern Europe post Brexit? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is actually [indiscernible] behalf of Dan. I just wanted to take a step back just given the macro shift that we saw at least in terms of -- I'm surprised that over the last few weeks and kind of get an update on your view of how you guys think of the structure of your business. I remember last year when we use the tag Swiss franc conversations are being had as to whether or not you guys would shift from your cost to the euro dollars versus Swiss franc just kind of want to get an update on that in light of needs whether anything is fundamentally changed.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I guess another one for me is the incremental margin in 2Q I have at right a little bit north 30% kind of in line what we have seen over the last few years and little bit higher Q-o-Q. Just surprised given the 6% organic I know you guys have prioritized some investments that would be net dilutive. Just kind of want to get a sense of how you guys looking at incremental margins going forward especially in the context of you know kind of a 3% to 4% growth and north and south of that where you think it can go on the incremental basis.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Can I seek one last one just on China Industrial I mean you guys were relatively tapping to start the year and improved in 1Q in the sense of your outlook. It seems like it it's modestly improved in the second quarters as well is that after it one and two, do you expect to be relatively steady here or you think there's a few one-offs that might provide some mental the close of the year.
Richard Eastman: Just a couple of follow-ups on the Troemner acquisition. Olivier, did they compete with you or is just kind of fill you know a regional hole in your service capabilities, is that is that part of the fit here.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Despite the strength that you are seeing out of Asia-Pac and even you know the reacceleration maybe in Europe, I mean that's -- is that a high confidence forecast that that's all that would contribute in the second half? I would think that geographically is that Asia-Pac seems to be driving more upside than that.
Richard Eastman: Okay. This is great. And then just one last question maybe for Olivier the Lab strength in China is that, you know, somewhat traditional relative to the other geographies? In other words is that coming out of the biopharm vertical or, you know, are we seeing more uptake there in other labs, environmental or food and beverage or is it -- is a strength there by vertical kind of match up with U.S. or Europe.
