Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call tonight. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Shawn will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments and we will open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. We had a very good start to the year with the first quarter results. Local currency sales growth was strong and better-than-expected as demand in our markets remained favorable and we continued to execute well. Total local currency sales grew 7% in the quarter. Food Retailing declined in the quarter. Excluding this business, our total sales grew 8%. We had excellent growth in our Laboratory and Industrial product lines, which more than offset the decline in Food Retailing. Growth in Europe and Asia was a strong and Americas, excluding Food Retail, also grew quite well. Our productivity and margin initiatives continue to drive good results, and despite a 7% gross headwind due to the adverse currency and tariff costs, we achieved a 10% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. Our outlook for 2019 remains positive. This week has brought some noise surrounding the trades tariff dispute situation with China. For now, we have assumed that the second wave of tariffs will increase to 25% as indicated by the administration earlier this week. Shawn will go over this in more detail including the potential upside to our 2019 guidance if the tariffs situation improves.
Olivier Filliol: Thanks, Shawn. Let me start by providing some additional comments on our operating results. Our lab business continues to perform very well, with 8% local currency sales growth in the quarter, which was against good growth in the prior year. Analytical instruments, pipettes and Process Analytics did particularly well. Market demand is good and this business benefits from these proper investments in field resources: Spinnaker sales and marketing initiatives and R&D. We also see the nice benefit from good spending in biopharma in our Laboratory business and biopharma is a good example of how our Spinnaker sales and marketing strategy are targeting the most attractive and fastest-growing segments of the market. We serve both the upstream and downstream processes in biopharma that is R&D, quality control, process development, in-line process monitoring, such as bio reactors and pure water analytics.
Olivier Filliol: Ross, it's more the latter one and I'd say so because when I look at our business mix today in China, we are less exposed to the manufacturing side - sector and, particularly, discrete manufacturing sector that is more exposed than again to the export business. So I feel really that we have today a very favorable business mix in China with many industries that we serve that will depend on the domestic demand rather than export business. But of course, the global economy could be impacted here. We would probably see the effects throughout Asia, not just China. I think South East Asia, Japan, but also Europe would be impacted if this has further escalation.
Olivier Filliol: I think the challenge is a temporary one. I mean long term, I think actually, this business offers excellent growth. The market dynamics are very good. We are very well positioned. And so I'm very positive about this business. It's a business that I think will contribute above the group average in terms of growth. But the things that you just mentioned will continue to have an impact here for a few more quarters. I don't think this is an immediate turnaround of the market environment. But I don't also want to portray here that the whole market is just challenging. For example in emerging markets, in Asia, we had good growth and I expect this to go on. But maybe in the West, it's where you have big companies there. We feel it - particularly where we feel it is the global roll outs. We had in the past this big global companies that were committed to very significant investments for global roll outs. We see fewer of these and that's the kind of impact that we have to go through, particularly this year.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. Hey, I definitely feel that team is executing very well. We have these different programs in place, and they very well resonate also in Europe. All this topics that I mentioned at the end of the prepared remarks about Spinnaker approach, its sales force guide, big data analytics, very much applies to Europe. And so that's one effect but I don't want to also ignore the fact that it against an easier comparison. We have a 9% growth. We will not repeat this kind of growth going forward. And if you look at 2-year growth, however, I'm still very pleased. I like it. And particularly because it was across all the core businesses, the lab did very well, Core Industrial did excellent and product inspection actually did also well. So happy about that. And last, I would also mentioned there was a certain Easter impact that helped us this year. Yes.
Olivier Filliol: So the way you need to look at it - this is a multiyear program that we are running here. We have started with the Field Turbo program already a few years ago, and then started to expand it with the Shift 5 program. The way I look at it is how many additional field resources we have versus the previous year as a combined program. And here, we are talking about roughly 200 resource for 2019. This is not so different to what we did in the past, and I would - in that sense, I'm not suggesting that this is - you can see an incremental benefit that is not already built into the guidance or I'm not suggesting here that you will see a further acceleration next year. It's a part of our overall Spinnaker 5 program and it's an enabler also for all the other things that we are doing. Internally, we - when we look at these programs, we look at reasonable payback times because sometimes you have some pre-investments like recruiting and so on. But yes, it's not - this would be on top of what we have budgeted or guided.
Olivier Filliol: I think we are well positioned here. Mettler-Toledo is viewed as a local company in China. We have been there for so many years. We have excellent relationships. We have so many plants there. So I feel really confident on that side and the fact that we have - as a company, we have always been viewed as a global company - there is this Swiss element in it. So I'm not worried about that. It's - we are well positioned also in terms of well differentiated products. They've not - we will not be easily substituted. I think the bigger topic is just the economic development, the global economic evolution.
Olivier Filliol: Just one additional comment and I wanted to make in China about this whole trade. Of course, there is currency movements that also come with that. We talked about global recession but the currency movements are always very important too and can have ripple effect on other economies, including the Southeast, Asia economics and so on. So I just wanted to also highlight that effect. Now back to pharma, life science industry. What I tried to highlight here is the prepared script is particularly also the subsegment of biopharma. Often we have in previous calls, talked about the pharma and the life science customers of us. In this call, I highlighted the biopharma because, of course, that's one that has a particular dynamic and a good growth momentum. And I wanted to share with you that we have a nice exposure there, that it's growing nice. We have, for example, the Process Analytics business where it's a very significant share. That business has been growing very nicely for us for many years. And we benefit that there's a lot of investments going in biotech and in particular, also on the production side. We - in terms of investment in these and returns, I think this is a gradual thing. We are, today, with our sales force programs in place, with our shift resources and so on, we all are focusing more on pharma, chemical and food industry. And I think that's one of the benefits that we translate in good growth that we have here in Q1 and previous quarters. It's multiple effect. I would be hard-pressed to give you a specific number that would just come from pharma or biopharma in isolation.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. So we don't specifically break out within a business line. But I certainly can share that the service business continues to outperform the product side, that's a trend that we have now for many years. And service does actually, particularly well it's also very nicely profitable. We care very much about the service business and product inspection because it's a key differentiator that we have. You might remember when we were down in Tampa for the Investor Day, we had also a session on the topic where we highlighted the fact that we have about in U.S., for example, 7x more service technicians than our nearest competitor. That's a unique differentiation and so part of the package. So again, this is going very well and nicely profitable. In terms of the exact impact of the large food companies and their evolution, no, I could not give you here a specific breakout. It's - I would want to refer to the point that I made before about this big global rollout that are missing. It's on an individual account and local size. It's less of a topic. It's more the global rollout that are missing at this point.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. We never really know if we are early or late cycle and all of these things. It's really difficult to measure. I think first, we need to look at us on a comparable basis, I talked before about how Europe and core Industrial was extremely strong, but it was against a little bit weaker comparisons. But I am very happy how we do in Industrial. I think it's a reflection of a good execution in the market organization. We have also a very strong product portfolio. We have this effect that I mentioned before, so that it's focused more on pharma can food that it is playing out. So different factors. I wouldn't attribute it too much to the economic cycle.
Olivier Filliol: We still feel the same as we - when we talked last time. Actually, we are recognizing that there are clouds out there, but it's not that we are seeing it in our numbers. I feel confident with early indicators. What I hear from my teams pretty much around the world is actually positive, is encouraging. But we do recognize that things are fragile when it comes to the economy and that there are signs, like PMI, things like that, that are - that could make us feel a little bit more cautious. I think we are alert, we are agile to react if anything would happen. But we have no internal indications, and that's why we continue to invest. That's why I was talking about Field Turbo's and all these things. Very confident in that sense about what the upside is. But prepared if things would change.
Olivier Filliol: Interestingly, the bio piece is the region and the core of Process Analytics. I know it well because I started there 18 years ago. It was the pH measurement, in-line measurement with pH and very much this was a parameter used in the fermentation particularly for bio reactors but then also in the beer industry and that has always been an important customer segment for us. And there are parallels between the beer industry and the bio reaction industry with cell growth. And pH measurement and  oxygen have always been a strength of ours. We are clearly the leader in that segment. And then over the years, we have expanded the portfolio and we have added for example, CO2 measurement, which is a similar technology, but we have also added TLC, for example, and more recently - bioburden and these are parameters that you use to - for water purity, and the water purity is very important in pharmaceutical processes, but including also in the bio processes. So the answer is we have been in this business for a long time and we have benefited from the growth of that industry not just in the recent quarters but actually in the recent years. We are also in the business of the single use bags where we provide the sensor for. And I think we highlighted it just on this call because there are multiple products we think Mettler-Toledo portfolio, not just Process Analytics that goes into that end-user industry, we feel that we have actually also good marketing programs to it. We have good databases. And we wanted to highlight it because it had a little bit more attention in the analyst and investor community in recent quarters.
Olivier Filliol: Not really. No. We - basically, we have prepared ourselves with safety stock, absolutely. But from a customer standpoint, I have no indication at all and I visited actually the U.K. just a few weeks ago, and this was a non-topic with the team. In general, I'm surprised how that Brexit, so far, has a limited impact on our business, other than what we take precautions of safety stock. But from a customer's reaction, not much impact. It's also not that we see that many of our customers are shutting down their investments or so, lucky enough not too much impact.
Olivier Filliol: So the big majority of our business also for Process Analytics is direct but there are relationship with system integrators that are building whole plans. And for single use applications, we are working with multiple companies in that space. However, it's always important, even when we go to any system integrators or partners or so, the decision are normally done by the end user and in that sense we have, strong relationship with the end user and the end users know the Mettler-Toledo brand very well.
Olivier Filliol: Let's say, I feel we are a strong leader in all these applications. Again, this fermentation, bio reactor for the specific parameters, the specific analytical parameters, we are viewed as a global leader.
Shawn Vadala: Okay. Thanks, Olivier. Sales were $679.5 million in the quarter, an increase of 7% in local currency. As a reminder, all growth is organic. On a U.S. dollar basis, total sales increased 3% as currencies reduced sales growth by approximately 4% in the quarter. On Slide 4, we show sales growth by region. Local currency sales grew 9% in both Europe and Asia/Rest of World. Local currency sales growth was 3% in the Americas but as Olivier indicated, sales were impacted in this region due to a decline in food retailing. Absent food retailing, Americas grew 6% in the first quarter. China had another excellent quarter with 13% local currency sales growth. We're executing well in Europe but also had some benefit from the timing of Easter this year versus last year. On Slide 5, we outline local currency sales growth by product area. In the quarter, laboratory sales grew 8%, industrial also increased 8%. Within industrial, core industrial grew 9% and product inspection increased 6%. Food retailing declined 5% in the quarter. As you heard from Olivier, Food Retailing reduced our overall sales growth by approximately 1% in the quarter. Slide 6 provides the P&L for the quarter. Gross margin in the quarter was 57.2%, a 50-basis point increase over the prior year level of 56.7%. Productivity and pricing continue to be strong contributors to margin growth. Partly offsetting these positives were tariffs from the U.S. China trade dispute as well as some initial cost and product launches. R&D amounted to $36.1 million, which represents a 9% increase in local currency. SG&A amounted to $204.4 million, a 6% increase in local currency over the prior year. The increase was driven by investments in our field force as well as higher variable compensation. Adjusted operating profit amounted to $147.8 million in the quarter, which represents a 6% increase over the prior year amount of $139.5 million. We estimate currency reduced operating income by approximately $5 million, which is about $1 million worse than what we had expected the last time we spoke. We also estimate that tariffs were a gross headwind to operating income by approximately $4 million. Absent adverse currency and the gross impact of tariffs, operating income would have increased 12% in the quarter.
Shawn Vadala: Dan, this is Shawn. Hey, it's of course difficult to estimate was it 1% to 2% maybe. But probably the best way to look at it is if you look at our guidance for Q2, we're thinking of more like low single-digit for Q2 in Europe. So on a year-to-date basis for the first 6 months of the year, Europe is going to be approximately mid-single-digit.
Shawn Vadala: Julia, this is Shawn. Thanks for the question. So for Industrial, I think you're right. I think given the start to the year, we would look at more like a mid-single-digit on the Industrial side in China. And on the lab side, probably a high single-digit. So overall, we are now looking at more high single-digit for China for the full year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So hey, Julie, just to maybe clarify, I think what you're referring to. So when we were talking about specifically about our midyear pricing last summer in some of our Industrial product categories in the United States, we had noticed that we went out with a robust price increase midyear. Some of our local competition went out with a slightly higher increase in that particular business. We went out with another robust increase during the 2019 annual increase. We're off to a very good start with pricing. And I think we're probably just under 2.5% for the first quarter results, very much in line with what we expected and kind of feel good in terms of where we stand versus competition.
Shawn Vadala: No. Our free cash flow expectations for the full year is still kind of like in the $510 million range. Yes, we got off to a great start. Some of that is timing of how things are going to play out during the year on different topics. But overall, feel very good about it. Our working capital statistics are at an excellent level, very similar to where they were a year ago. So no change in terms of guidance.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Sure. So if I just kind of walk it down. So yes, pricing came in pretty much similar to what we expected as I mentioned earlier. That's probably like about 100-basis point improvement on the margin, kind of offsetting that was the gross tariff impact, which was about a 60 basis point headwind on the margin. Currency had about a 20-basis point benefit, and then we had a bunch of other stuff kind of lumped together that went kind of 20 basis points the other way or whatever - however, the math works. Maybe that's 10 basis points. But you kind of get the picture so that's kind of I think the highlights.
Shawn Vadala: So for the full year, it is going to be just under $750 million. So sorry as a reminder, it would be a free cash flow plus estimated option proceeds plus an incremental $200 million to increase our net debt-to-EBITDA leverage to 1.5 by the end of next year. So just to clarify for everybody, we'll do an incremental $200 million on our share repurchase program this year and next year, and this is consistent with what we've previously communicated to you back the last couple of quarters.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. We were particularly pleased with our analytical instrument growth in the quarter. As you mentioned, we tend - we've been seeing really good trends on some of the biopharma categories like liquid handling and Process Analytics. But we are seeing excellent growth throughout the portfolio. I think one of the standouts in my mind is our analytical business in all areas of the analytical business. And then as I think you're familiar we've had a lot of product introductions throughout the entire lab portfolio with - so I could also comment on Laboratory balances which has particular - a very strong momentum at the moment too. So we feel really good about the lab business when you look at the portfolio of products as well as the execution of the market organization, combined.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Mike, I'm not - we're kind of looking at each other. I'm not sure when you mentioned timing of core Industrial. I think maybe what you could have referred to is that we did mention something about a little bit of benefit in our transportation and logistics business. Yes, that business has a tendency to be lumpy with projects when it has an impact we bring it to your attention and call it out. So we kind of acknowledged that, that's had some benefit in the quarter. But even, excluding that, we were still high single-digit in our core Industrial business. So still feel good about it.
Shawn Vadala: Maybe, probably. I don't think there's a significant difference this quarter between lab and Industrial. We did more bolder increases on the Industrial side given the tariff situation between the midyear stuff and the stuff we did for the annual price increases as we entered this year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. No good question, Steve. So I think that best way to think about it is that the 5.5% or the 50 basis points improvement on sales had largely - was largely related to our Q1 beat. Similarly, our EPS increase was largely related to the Q1 beat. But the one thing that probably stands out in our minds as we were giving the guidance that kind of goes the other way is the currencies have worsened a little bit over the last quarter, particularly in the last couple of weeks. We didn't necessarily adjust for 100% of that, but certainly, it's something to call out.
