Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. We are pleased to end the year with very solid broad-based sales growth in the fourth quarter. Local currency sales increased 6%, above the expectations we outlined with you the last time we spoke. Europe's growth was better than expected and it's particularly impressive given the very strong growth in the year earlier period. Americas continues to perform quite well and Asia/Rest of World also had solid growth. For China specifically, sales growth was on target with our expectations. Our margin enhancement and cost control initiatives continue to yield benefit, which contributed to our margin improvements and EPS growth in the quarter, this despite currency headwinds. While there is economic uncertainty in certain regions of the world and recent currency movements will create greater headwinds than we had expected, we feel good about our outlook for 2015. I will have some further comments on 2015 later on the call, but now will turn it to Bill to cover the numbers.
Olivier A. Filliol: The team actually feels good. And early indicators that we have also continue to be good. I think the comments that we made about uncertainty is definitely coming from the economic environment in general and some recent events that took place in Europe, but also currency related things that could have an impact on the economy. But looking at what we see internally, actually I remain very positive. I commented before how well the team executed in Europe last year on all the sales and marketing initiatives, and I continue to be very bullish on that end for this year. And I certainly also expect that the field turbo will start to kick in and help us. So everything that we control, I feel very positive. The part that we don't control brings the cautiousness in my statements.
Olivier A. Filliol: The way you need to look at all this new product, there are always enhancements to previous products that we have, so in that sense we are not creating new product categories. This new product allow us to further distance ourself from competition. It allows us to raise prices, it allows us to win market share. But this doesn't happen overnight and it's not that we launch a product and then we immediately see it in the top line happening, it's happening over time. And I'd say, it's part of the strategy to outgrow the market and to increase our margins. And the fact is, however, that I feel really very strong about our product portfolio overall. We have done a lot of investments over the last few years to upgrade and so we have a very modern and a very advanced product portfolio. I mentioned before, lab, for example PI is also very strong. This is an enable for us to work -- to win the market shares.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes. And the way we look at software is really part of the solution that we sell with the hardware. We hardly have any software-only revenue. But coming back maybe to service, so service had an 8% growth in the quarter, really good. And actually, also for the full year was very strong. And consumables was actually also good overall. I am definitely very pleased as I made comments before, we have made pre-investments over the last years in service. We have invested heavily in harmonization, we have developed new service product, we have invested in additional service sales, campaigns, but also resources. And they paid off nicely and in that sense, I expect that service will continue to do better than product sales and in that sense I have also a good confidence for 2015. But the 8% growth in last quarter was really exceptionally strong.
Olivier A. Filliol: It's actually worth to mention, we had this 6% growth against a strong previous year comparison. Actually, in Q4 2013, we had 8% growth in Europe. So it is just reinforcing the point that the team executed actually really well and executed well across all product lines and across also service.
Olivier A. Filliol: I look at these 2 things really separate. One is the offensive measures. The offensive measures like the investments in field turbo service sense [ph] one in really capturing the weight -- the growth weight. We have talked in about it at previous occasion. I feel that there is reasonable momentum in the market and I want to make sure that we capture that momentum and it's the opportunity for us to selectively invest in the front end for that. This is not impacted by this currency situation and we want to make this investment, we want to make the investment in the franchise. On the measures around FX, this is -- we have a couple of things that we need and want to do really short-term and this is related to purchasing supplier based and the pricing topics that Bill was talking and then selective discretionary spending that we have. But all of these should not have any impact on the growth-related initiatives that we have. And then, the more long-term things are more structural that should also not have an impact on the growth momentum. It should also not have an impact on our product pipeline.
Olivier A. Filliol: I would say, out of Europe, I'm not so concerned. I think, in general, these are disciplined and reasonable competitors. In general, I would also say, most of our competitors don't have that high profit margins. So I don't think they will take advantage of the situation and be particularly aggressive. I haven't seen that in the last few years. The ones that we need to watch a little bit are the Japanese competitors that we have, we call maybe in Japan, for example, and it's the one in market where we have a local competitors for our Lab product. So there we have [indiscernible] separate situation where our pricing power is impacted by the local competitors. And then, for the product inspection business, we have some Japanese competitors that also operate globally and particularly in rest of Asia that we need to monitor. But here, I'm not worried that this will negatively impact our market shares across the globe.
Olivier A. Filliol: Hey, for example, our Pipette business did well in Q4. And of course, the Pipette business has a significant share of consumables. So I would certainly expect that this was a part of the explanation.
Olivier A. Filliol: Let me take the second part first. So we -- this time, we do this actually really globally, it's not just emerging markets. We go off to under penetrated markets and where we feel we can win market share. So there are adds in Europe as well as in Americas. When I look at Europe, it's certainly particularly weighted with Eastern Europe, you have Turkey and some other countries, but it's not just emerging markets. We also did a couple of investments in mature markets. And then, we look at product categories, we focus on product categories with the highest profitability. So you would certainly see lab, product inspection and process analytics getting an overproportionate number of these resources. Service is also part of it that we certainly invest. Then there is a few additions that are cross business. For example, we invest more in key account management and there, we typically cover multiple divisions. In terms of progress, actually we have, on a regular base, we have these dashboards that show us the progress. We had the last one in December. And I was actually pleased to see that we have actually made progress already in recruiting on on-boarding people. And I do actually expect that we will be slightly ahead of the plan in terms of having these people on board. So when we said we will do it throughout 2015, I wouldn't be surprised if we have a very big majority on board by mid of the year.
Olivier A. Filliol: I think actually, it will not really impact our strategy and our position. I think actually, it's not obvious that the strategy of that business will change to the new owner. And in that sense, I feel extra comfortable that we will continue to win market share here in that situation, too. So yes, I don't have strong feelings or worries about it.
Olivier A. Filliol: So typically it takes 6 to 8 months before we have sales that covers cost. And if I said before, that it will take us until the mid of the year to really have the team on board. We would expect maybe late this year to start to have an impact. But to reach the full potential for salespeople, it can easily take 3 to 4 years. So I expect us to benefit from that, hopefully, in 2016 and 2017. So in that sense, it's one of the reason why we talk about investments in the midterm.
Olivier A. Filliol: I think it was more related to product inspection where we said there was a little bit of a timing thing. I wouldn't read too much into that. We talk here about lead times of a few weeks, so it might have moved a little bit, but this is not so material.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So in terms of the tax rate, you can expect it to be at around the same 24%, absent some changes in tax legislation. The reason for that has to do with our -- maybe that's -- I don't mean to make it too complicated, but our tax strategy moves a lot of money to the manufacturing side as a general statement and this should -- so the mix of income won't change that much in that sense, and we have income growth. So that would be the first comment. Then the second comment was with regard to the share repurchase program. Our free cash flow for the full year next year is in the, let's call it, $350 million range. I think you can assume we'll repurchase somewhere in the area of $450 million to $475 million.
William P. Donnelly: Maybe I'll start and let Olivier. So I think the first comment it is more kind of walking you through the kind of the EPS roll, let's call it. So you -- we beat the consensus and guidance in the fourth quarter by about $0.09, I believe. And we added that to the 2014 previous guidance. Then we subtracted off this incremental 3%, that headwind that we had from how currencies moved since November. And then we reduced that for the fact that we're already got to start doing some actions. And I think, which we maybe can't tell you today every single one of those actions that are going to add up to that leap we have. And so therefore, we think it's important in that sense that, hey, there are some margin in -- there's more than the normal Mettler 5, 10, 15 margin enhancement. We've got a little extra here because of the currency headwind in that sense. That maybe be the first comment. Second comment would be that from a backlog perspective, we do have more backlog entering 2015 than we did entering 2014. I -- maybe you would make the distinction that the one interesting piece that's maybe that's not true for is our Chinese business as we talked about little bit on the last quarter. They've been kind of closing out some of the larger jobs and so they have a little bit less. While their short-term business has been holding up well, we have less of the big project piece. But overall, I'd say, because the short cycle piece is the main one driving kind of current activity and the short-cycle piece all looks pretty good. And then the last thing is we always talk to you guys about our business as a replacement business. And we like when our customers have a stable financial markets, stable currency markets, stable business. And they're likely going to continue on their normal replacement cycle. So anytime we see increasing uncertainty and increasing volatility in these markets, we're always get little bit more cautious in terms of what's that got to mean for some of our customers in terms of how they think about their replacement cycle, how they think about their investment plans. To connect that to what Olivier said, if we look in our business today, backlog's good, leads look good, competitively, we feel very strong, product portfolio is going well, field turbo program's off to a great start. But there is the customer considerations and we'll have to see how this thing plays out over time. I -- we thought a lot about the guidance and we felt that, that added wording I gave you was appropriate. But I don't want to be overly dramatic about it either, Paul.
William P. Donnelly: The software piece is relatively a small number. So it's probably not worth adding that piece, but maybe I'll let Olivier comment on the...
William P. Donnelly: So maybe a couple areas, we would -- hey, maybe right now to talk about orders, I wouldn't give you any, I think it would be misleading -- imply, I could name a couple of large orders. But I think they wouldn't be material in that sense to our overall results. But in terms of where we expect either continued good growth or in some cases, improved growth, I would highlight, in particular, we think Lab will have another good year. Lab grew double digit for us in China in 2014. We would be surprised if it didn't grow at least high single digits and probably will grow double digits again in 2015. Our process analytics business, I would highlight in particular, had -- we had talked about it with you guys in the past that they had a double digit decline in 2014 in part due to some environmental regulation benefiting earlier years. Our expectation is for good growth there in -- we think, high single digits, double digit kind of growth in the process analytics business for next year. Maybe the big piece of the business, the one that accounts for about half of our business in China is our industrial business. We do think that the easier comps are going help the industrial business. We think that if that business even grows low single digits next year -- sorry, this year, 2015, that should mean our overall business grows in China mid-single digits, hopefully, even better. But let's just call it mid-single digits for now. And we think that, that's a reasonable expectation given comps and other considerations. But we are alert to -- it's the more -- it's the most economically sensitive piece of our business down there, and there are some good signs some months, some bad signs other months, in terms of Chinese industrial. But we continue to think '15 will be a better year than '14 in terms of our China business and we think we can grow mid-single digits.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So in terms of our gross margin, we'll have continued expansion on a constant currency basis. And in terms of on a -- and that will be, what's the word I'm looking for, even elevated a little bit because of the impact of foreign exchange. So we talked on the call earlier, Isaac, that there will be a 7% top line shrink due to foreign exchange. So part of the offset of that, because obviously, the impact on OP is not as much, is on the cost of sales line. So maybe it's best to speak in constant currency terms. So maybe if I start with pricing, we had built in about 150 bps into pricing. I think that we -- that's a little less than what we had in 2014, in part driven by an environment with less inflation to talk about, which makes it a tougher discussion with our customer base. We are going to certainly use pricing as one of the -- pricing will have to be one of the things we'll work hard on to help to offset some of the currency headwinds we see overall, but I think it would be difficult to quantify that at this stage. Maybe with regard to your comment on raw material costs, probably the biggest impact of lower oil prices to us will be just a little bit less gasoline cost for our service technicians. I'd maybe highlight that or just as a reminder, because we have actually more service technicians in Europe than we do in the United States, but maybe the gasoline price reductions that we see in the United States are not the same in Europe in euro terms. But we will get some benefit there, I think, Mary and I had estimated earlier, may be in the range of $0.5 million to $1 million. Now maybe if I think about, like, oil in terms of resin cost and things like that, it really won't be material. But as Olivier's -- that item won't be material -- but as Olivier said, material costs overall, we should be able to get them down, I think, in the range of maybe 1% at this stage, hopefully, 1.5%.
William P. Donnelly: So hey, in terms of our European business, as mentioned, we did quite well. I think 6% is an excellent number. I think in particular, if you think about the fact that within that number is Russia, which was down around 20%. I think excluding Russia, I think our European business was up in the range of 7%. Then in terms of maybe the breakdown, we had, in the fourth quarter, good growth in all the businesses, including even good growth in the retail business. We had a good year in retail actually, in Europe, with some projects in the first quarter of '14 and some projects still being delivered in the fourth quarter as well. But overall, a good year. So hey, I don't have -- I'm kind of literally looking at product line growth in Europe in total and we didn't have anybody worse than 3% and we had a couple of double-digit guys. So I think pretty solid numbers up and down the line in Europe.
William P. Donnelly: So -- yes, next, we'll have, again, all things staying equal, the impact of the hedges rolling off, because we have a little less of '16 hedged than '15, is 1% headwind in '16 and then another 2% when all the hedges roll off by the end of '16, so into '17.
William P. Donnelly: Hey maybe just to give you kind of some ballpark numbers, and I want to make sure I say these right way. So let's say, our net operating expenses in Swiss francs are in the area of CHF 280 million -- CHF 255 million. Yes, CHF 255 million. And I -- there's some things, I pick the examples like clearly, our supplier base in Switzerland will, if we have an alternative supplier in euro, he suddenly became 15% more cost effective. And there are other things we can do in areas like printing and stuff like that. In terms of maybe comments around manufacturing footprint and things like that, I think that, that's premature to talk about, anything there specifically. We -- if you -- and Derik, you have seen our operations in Switzerland, it's not like we're vertically integrated there, it's high-end assembly operations, mostly on businesses where it's important to have manufacturing close to R&D. So I mean, we're continuously looking at our businesses in Switzerland and globally to become more efficient. I don't necessarily think that we feel like we need to solve this problem all within the confines of Switzerland. It's a thing we'll work on as a team kind of globally and we're, as you pointed out, we're on top of it already. We spent the last few weeks talking about that. We have some answers, but not all the answers. But we're determined to continue to be a highly competitive company and so we're continuously looking at cost productivity measures.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. Okay, so sorry, getting the right sheet in front of me. So in terms of the Lab business, we think that we had a great year in 2014 and think that it is very realistic to put up a mid-single-digit growth number on top of that. If I look at our product inspection business, we would have expectations higher than that. That should be a business that grows high single digits, whereas our core industrial business is probably going to be kind of on that borderline between low single digits and mid-single digits. But together, I think the overall industrial business should be in the mid-single-digit range. And then, as usual, we're not assuming much growth coming out of the retail business. I think we built in around 2% or something like that.
William P. Donnelly: We -- certainly, it's -- we're really happy with what we saw in 2014. We think we can continue to grow the service business faster than the product business, particularly in the core segments where we really want to be able to control proprietary service. And there's a lot of things we're doing from a sales and marketing perspective to make that happen in general and as part of the Blue Ocean program as well. So we hope that, that's a multi-year trend that you're going to see in the business over the medium-term that we're going to have good growth, sales growth and good profit growth within our service business.
William P. Donnelly: I think, if you go back to some of our business exits that we did, I think that was early in '14, end of '13. Tycho, we exited some industrial businesses. We probably moved, in effect, changed out about 100 people net basis. And we really made a lot of those efforts in terms of making sure the sales force within China was well aligned to the markets you mentioned and as well, expanding our scope in the West. We think that the biggest piece to that was already done, but it will be something we'll continue to invest in going forward. And if we think about the field turbo program or our market penetration efforts that we've talked about earlier, I think you will -- that applies to China as well and we'll continue to move front-end resources in those directions and as well as product development efforts.
William P. Donnelly: And I could confirm what Olivier said, and as well, our sensor business and a number of other areas. I think if I look at the full year, maybe a little bit less in the fourth quarter, but if I look at the full year numbers, for example, our Quantos consumables also had a good...
