Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and our updated guidance for 2013. I will then update you on our execution focus in this challenging macro environment. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end. The highlights for the quarter are on page two of the presentation. Local currency sales increased 2% in the quarter, similar to what we experienced in the third quarter, we had solid growth in Americas and Asia, rest of the world with a sales decline in Europe. Our earnings benefited from pro-active cost measures. Specifically, our actions in pricing and cost control benefitted margin and drove a strong 20% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. I am pleased with our execution in the quarter and the continued progress on our strategic initiatives. Uncertainty remains in the global economy today and we expect conditions to remain challenging in the first half of this year. However, with the benefit of the cost control actions and our margin initiative, we expect to have solid EPS growth in 2013. Let me now turn it to Bill who will provide an update on our guidance for 2013, as well as cover the financial results.
Olivier Filliol: So, let's quickly go and look at the China number in the quarter. So, China grew 3%. This was a little lower than what we expected when we spoke last time. Lab continued to do well with double digit growth, while industrial growth was low single-digit, and retail was down. We do expect that Q1 will be in a similar situation and maybe even a little bit worse and then Q2 becoming better, as Bill highlighted before. It’s going to certainly take into the latter part of the year that things improve. We see early indicators like productivity and lead generation that support this, but being late cycle will certainly depend on that. What we also see that government changes that we had in China takes a while until we benefit from this. We also expect now another round end of the first quarter where government will confirm their mid-term five year plans that will also give us more clarity where we have our growth opportunities. I feel the team is reacting very well but fact is, the rebound of China for us takes a little bit longer than we expected, for example what we expected last summer.
Olivier Filliol: To maybe recall, end of Q2 last year we recognized that things will get more difficult and so we initiated two programs in parallel. One program was expanding on something that we had started already earlier to respond to the strengthening of the Swiss franc where we addressed more structural and fundamental things in our business. Where we also looked at ways to move certain positions in lower cost countries, outsourcing certain functions and go a little bit more fundamental at these things. But of course these are demanding projects, need very good preparation and accordingly also take multiple quarters until we have the full benefit. In parallel, we launched also in Q2, broader cost management initiatives that went pretty much across the world, across all the units, and basically reflecting also the lower expectations in revenue growth for the remainder of last year and certainly also for this year. And these programs that we launched with the second program were faster to be implemented most of that is done, it’s performance based topics. It has (affected) certain headcounts, but it’s very much across units across the world. More focused, of course, to the western units. It is actually dominantly into western units, certainly also Europe. So these two programs, I definitely feel that we are benefiting from them, not just in the short term also in the long term. It’s making us more cost competitive and allows us to afterwards reinvest in the business when the markets pick up again that allows us to do strategic resource shifting. For example, if business picks up again, we are going to invest in emerging markets in more thoughtful way as the western market, of course, we are going to continue to be very cost conscious.
Olivier Filliol: So, if we look at the emerging markets, half of it comes from China and then the other half comes from multiple countries. And actually we have a whole group of countries including India, Brazil, Russia, Southeast Asia. They are all in the range of 1% to 3% but all actually very nicely contributing to the overall mix. But none of the other ones would particularly dominate. And to give you a little bit of flavor about how we performed on these ones. We had Brazil, for example, that did very well in Q4. We had Southeast Asia that continues to do very well. Eastern Europe was up modestly. Russia was, however, down.
Olivier Filliol: We expect 100 to 150 basis points for 2013. This is less because as talked on it last year with you guys, we had a lot of attention to it. We did media price increases before and we certainly benefited from an environment that has a certain inflation and that allowed us to go for higher increases. This year, we feel that the environment is more challenging to go with too high price increases because it is not a real inflation on a worldwide basis and material costs are not necessarily going up. So, that's why we feel this year it’s going to be more modest.
Olivier Filliol: Not that significantly. What you see is that every year the number goes up by a few points. This is a continuous and a gradual thing. It's not that we are moving a whole plant or so through these restructurings to a low cost country. Actually, in contrary, we are a little bit more focused now on certain services, to move services we do software development more out of low cost countries. So, it doesn't necessarily impact the manufacturing and the sourcing ratio. By a few points, yes, but it's not a big way for a big trip.
Olivier Filliol: Yeah. When we look at this market we look at relatively broad but often the question is referring to pharma, and when we think about pharma often we think big pharma. The big pharma market is not particularly robust and has certainly challenges, but the way we need to look at it is account by account. Certain accounts continue to invest, certainly also invest in automation solutions. There is also good demand for compliance related upgrades and investments. But then again it’s target or account specific. So then there is this other life science accounts like CROs, biotech, smaller pharma. And their growth is actually in general, okay, and particularly if we look on a global scale. And then within this life science market of course, there's also NIH and academia. However, that's not really significant for us. This is a market that is challenging but again not very significant. So, if I take the whole life science market, big pharma depending on the different accounts then the others CROs, biotech and (inaudible) actually solid for us.
Olivier Filliol: So, if we take purely the service business excluding consumables, it’s about 21% of total sales, and in the quarter we grew about 4%. In general, I expect service to outpace product sales, so we should rate better. And this is particularly also true in environments like we have right now, service is a more steady business, more resilient to the economy. And the other factor I would add to services, it’s a very important competitive advantage that we have. None of our competitors have the breadth and the depth of our service force and it allows us to be really in close contact with customers whenever they plan to have replacements of an installed base at all. So, it’s a good business to have.
Olivier Filliol: It varies heavily by country, also by business but in particular also by country. You have big differences there. We have actually certain countries that do exceptionally well to have service under contract. We do it at the point of sales initially and then really put it on the contract in other cases. There is a mentality in a country where it's more break-fix and we have more of a challenge to really bring it under contract. So, I can't give you a global number but--
Olivier Filliol: It's lesser than we need to add the cost back to the franchise, I think it's more than we want to do the strategic investment. And, of course, we are holding back with certain investments for several -- adding a lot of sales force in growing, emerging countries. At this stage we are more cautious. If we see that business momentum comes back we would certainly redo programs like we did a year ago with our filed turbos where we strategically add headcounts, where we feel we can accelerate the growth, gain market shares in an accelerated way.
Olivier Filliol: Yeah, the 4% to 6% is a reasonable assumption. That's what we exactly kind of predict across an economic cycle. So at this stage the economic cycle is certainly more in a difficult stage so we expect less, and if things improve we have a good chance to have succeeded. But across the economic cycle 4% to 6% is the number that we work with.
Olivier Filliol: Let me quickly take the second part so that Bill can look up the number for 2013 assumption. R&D expenses varies by quarter and it depends on product launch, major product launches that we have. And certainly also kind of depends on the overall pipeline. This is not a reflection that we are reducing the investments or slowing down our R&D efforts at all. There's another effect that plays here that we are increasingly also leveraging low cost countries for R&D efforts. China in the meantime actually is very important for us to give our product, but India plays also an increasing role. We have leverage in India very much for software development and so we reduce the costs in terms of output level. We certainly don’t compromise on that one.
Olivier Filliol: It's actually a number that we don't talk about specifically. It's actually also difficult to measure. But a good indication is in the range of 20%. I don't think that it changed too much from one year to another, but it's actually a good indication.
Olivier Filliol: No, it was rather specific to Q4, had also some previous year comparison topics in it. But, no, I wouldn't read too much into that.
William Donnelly: Actually, I think it's probably as much China as anything. The reduced backlog we have is almost completely attributable to Chinese industrial. And if you kind of go back to our Q1 call a year ago, we talked about that impact that that had in terms of last year's Q1 sales being a little bit more than orders. We would expect to have actually half way decent order growth -- better order growth in China, but relatively flat sales growth. Let's say mid-single digit, low to mid-single digit order growth in China but sales growth to be flat and we will end up with more backlog than we had before. So, I think we kind of feel that China is for us pretty much bottoming out. We'll see what happens more broadly economically, but with our late cycle industrial stuff we now see in terms of lead generation and other topics that things are already going better. Some of the things that you guys see in external economic factors we start to see internally in the business, but it won't necessarily translate to sales growth we think, until the second quarter.
William Donnelly: In terms of the first, our business in total is maybe not as exposed as some of the peer group companies in terms of that topic. The exception would be our pipette business and we would expect to have modest growth in our non-government funded related pipette business pretty much offsetting what we see in the rest. And we're not looking at double-digit decline but modest declines in some of the academia and government funded areas.
William Donnelly: I think one other thing I'd add and maybe this is as much, Jon, in response to Tycho’s questions as yours is, the other thing and I hadn't focused on much that between Q1 and Q2 at least the way we measure working days, you have about 2% less working days in Q1, about 2% more in Q2 and it is balanced for the full year. And I think that little bit impacts it. But in terms of the adjustment on the top line it has more to do with how we see backlog here as we enter the year.
William Donnelly: Sure. On, again, a weighted average basis across the business, we finished the fourth quarter at 2.9% net realized price increases. That helped the gross margin about 140 basis points. And then material costs were down 2.4% for the quarter which was just short of 2% for the full year and that translated in the quarter to about a 60 basis point improvement. And of course that adds up to more than what we showed and kind of what's left over is what I would describe as mix and other, to get to the 90 basis points. Now in terms of the trend, we would expect maybe not 90 basis points in Q1 but we've built in to get to the EPS growth we described. I think we built in about 70 bps of gross margin improvement in the first quarter. So, continued good trend. I think that the first couple of quarters of the year should continue to have, let's call it, outsized versus our long-term trend on gross profit margin, closer to the second half trend than the first half of last year because I think there is some comp to OpEx as well and then that will more moderate in the second half. On material costs, we feel pretty good about material costs at least for the first half of the year. I think what will be interesting to see is as with these PMI numbers and other topics improving in China, I think you could start to see raw material inflation starting in the summer time. But we feel like we are on top of the cost structure currently and top of the margin topic and that should be good for the next couple of quarters while we have some more modest sales growth.
William Donnelly: I think the bigger, maybe two Dan, some of the bigger projects, they take longer to implement. So some of things we work on this year, even into next year, are some of the more complex ones as well. So, there is still work to do in the program.
William Donnelly: I think in the first half of the year we will probably see a trend that's somewhat similar to -- I mean we clearly parted them, the price increase and the material cost numbers impacts on margins add up to more than the total margin. So a big part of that negative mix is actually European related. Our European business as we spoke to you many times is largely replacement in nature and so we'll see the benefits of easier comps in due course and get a better mix there. But I think we still have a couple of quarters yet of that mix topic. The other area where we sometime have mix topics is as emerging markets pick up, so China is -- our lab products have higher gross profit margins than our industrial products and China has a bigger mix of industrial. So as that starts to pick up, that will be a little bit of a -- it will have some impact on the second half as well. But I think at least for the next couple quarters, we think long-term margin is going to be a good story but maybe in the next couple quarters it will be especially good.
William Donnelly: So, let me start with the top line. So for the top line on a full year basis, currencies reduced sales by, let's call it 2.6%, and then in terms of 2013, it's practically zero but with some headwind in the first quarter basically offset by a benefit in the third quarter. 1% each.
William Donnelly: So on the EPS, on a full year basis, we had about $0.5 million. So, think about that as $0.015 for the full year. And a reminder, we had a big plus in Q3 and the rest of the quarters we had relatively smaller minuses. It's actually a bigger number next year. It's a headwind of about $5 million before tax. If you want to put a tax rate on that, that's maybe something in the area of $0.12 per share. One of the bigger changes that you guys know is related to the yen but it's a few other factors as well.
William Donnelly: I think we will even do a little bit better than flattish unless the impact of material like steel into the China is really strong in the second half. I would like to think that maybe not the 2% benefit we got this year, but I think a 1% benefit is realistic.
William Donnelly: Sure. So, we should get about 50 basis point increase in our operating margins, kind of the way Mettler measures them. And if you think about that in terms of incremental margins, you're talking about 46%, let's call it, mid-40s or so. And then actually on a currency adjusted basis it's probably even 10% more than that. In terms of outstanding shares, by the end of the year we should be around this level of 30.9 million shares or so, and that's about a 3% decline versus the average of this year.
William Donnelly: I think I'm going to get to the different pieces of your question, Ross, but come back to me if you think I kind of missed it. So, from our point of view we finished the year with less backlog than we expected. Sales as you know in Q4 came in a little bit biter. Orders may be modestly worse but the combination when we kind of looked at things, I think we're starting this year with, let's call it $25 million to $30 million less backlog than we had a year ago. And if you translate that into a sales number, you're talking a little bit more than 1%. And if we look at actually our lead numbers, we actually feel relatively good about the recent trend, particularly the one place we're most anxious on was China. We do think that we're going to have, what we saw in January was excellent, but I think we shouldn't jump to too many conclusions I guess. I'm sure you guys heard from other people that the Chinese New Year is moved to February, last year it was January but our order growth was very good. But I think even adjusting for that impact what we saw in January was probably not so bad, and I think kind of pointing to this trend that we would expect order growth to be better in Q1 in China than sales growth and actually that's really a statement for the whole company but in particular driven by what we expect to see in China. So I think really the thing that triggered it mostly for us is that we finished with a little bit less backlog, we recognized what, despite maybe having some modest order growth in the first quarter, that the sales growth has realistically got to be flattish. And when we kind of translated that out for the full year, we decided to move the midpoint of our guidance down by about 50 basis points for the full year.
William Donnelly: I think you could make a bull-bear case for pretty much every region. And I think in the case of let's say the western world the different governmental risks that are out in both sides of the pond go away and that, or let's say, don't come to the forefront and investment cycle improves. And as a late cycle company we benefit from that more in the second half and our customers, because our business there is a lot replacement cycle, that they return more quickly to their normal replacement cycles, then that would the upside in that part of the world. I think in China it’s very much that things pick up a little bit faster than we anticipate that us thinking that we are mostly not going to see this till the second half we start seeing more in the second quarter than we expected to and it’s a little stronger in the second half. If you think about like if we start out flat, Ross, in Q2, one way to get to the full year high end of the guidance would be 0%, 2%, 4%, 6% kind of progression by quarter. And to us that seems sitting here today, that would be a good accomplishment from where we are now. So, yeah, I guess kind of sitting here today and Mettler is the way it is on guidance maybe with our relatively small backlog where we have a tough time projecting that optionality you described although we certainly understand the point. And sitting here today, we think that that's probably a reasonable expectation.
William Donnelly: No, we think the comps get easier in the west. So we think we'll be reporting better growth rates in the second half in every region. I think really I apologize and sometimes these calls, if our explanations got off-track. The adjustment to show zero sales growth in Q1 which somehow translate a little bit to us, moving the midpoint of our revenue guidance down by 50 basis points. China was maybe the biggest impact on that. In general, we see that the second half will be better in all regions. We think that the comps get easier in all regions. We think that generally the economy will be improving in all regions and we think in China there is the additional impact that some of the government related projects we expect to see more benefits in the second half of the year.
William Donnelly: We expect a solid improvement in terms of our free cash flow. We should be, let's call it in this $270 million range, something like that. And in terms of our CapEx, we should even be modestly down off of 2012 levels, something more like $92 million versus $95 million-$96 million last year. And maybe the one variable in that area, Isaac, would be how currency plays out. A lot of our CapEx as you know is outside the United States. In terms of the share repurchase program -- in terms of use of cash flows, we would expect to continue to repurchase shares equal to our free cash flow and estimated option proceeds.
William Donnelly: I think Blue Ocean is incrementally a, I struggle to remember what the 2013 number would be, but it's a number of at least $20 million I would say in terms of incremental CapEx related to Blue Ocean. And maybe it could be $25 million. And so if you pull that out, we right now are half pregnant on Blue Ocean in the sense that we have incremental operating costs and incremental CapEx. And sometime after 2016, I think you'll start to see both of those coming down as well as each year than a little bit more on the benefit side in terms of the business case behind Blue Ocean. So, there is like both of those effects going forward after that.
William Donnelly: 20% would be a number, but remember that's the percentage we have under service contract. We would actually service a larger percentage of our installed base.
William Donnelly: Rick, even I am scared to challenge any of Mary's currency analysis. So, I think, we could probably take it offline when we talk later. I think of course there's yen and a few others there. I think it's the other currency that's driving. It's the little guys that are driving it more than the euro. But I’d have to take it offline.
William Donnelly: I think the way to look at it kind of a good guidance is, hey, if we're growing mid-single digits we should be able to still deliver incremental operating margins north of 30%, relatively consistently. Maybe one quarter or another that could be a mixed topic that puts it up or down, but if we can push that number in periods of time to, let's call it, high single-digits, I think you'll see more than that drop to the bottom-line. But I think in terms of this balancing of investment, I think Olivier could speak to this maybe more, but I think we try to find the balance in how we do it, but we want to invest for growth because we think over the long-term our ability to improve our long-term organic growth number is probably the biggest way in which we can generate shareholder value.
William Donnelly: Okay. So, let me start with the gross margin. We should have 30 basis points, maybe a little bit more for the full year and that would be more weighted though to the first half of the year. And so it will be better than that in the first a little less in the second half. And then in terms of the interest expense, we should be somewhere in the $22 million range. And then interest income for us is a really small number so I think it's few hundred thousand.
William Donnelly: So maybe a couple of things. We'll get some modest growth, let's look at a couple of percentage points in 2013. And maybe one other thing that I would add to what Olivier said is that, as you guys know the biggest chunk, the biggest center we have for R&D is Switzerland and we're always giving you guys local currency numbers. And in Switzerland, hey, there's just not been much of an environment for inflation. Whether that be salary or other types of inflation and so a big piece of our, even though we have the same number of people producing arguably at higher productivity levels because we've invested a lot in tools for R&D, software tools and other tools for R&D the last couple of years, we don't think that in those core, particularly lab area, that we're losing anything there.
William Donnelly: I think we have a little bit more confidence on the gross margin side in part due to the second quarter now. Q3 and Q4 both had very good gross margin expansions we expect to report that again in Q1. So, I think that's one factor. And then on the operating expense side we are assessing also where we are in terms of the different cost management programs we have. So, we have a little bit more information in that regard as well.
