Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. Local currency sales increased 6% in the quarter, with better-than-expected growth in Europe, despite strong results in this region in the year earlier period. Americas continues to perform quite well, and Asia/Rest of World had good growth against easier comparison. Solid top line organic sales growth combined with our margin improvement and cost control initiatives led to good growth in earnings per share in the quarter. While there is greater economic uncertainty today, we feel good about our outlook for the remainder of this year and for 2015. I will have some further comments on our outlook later on the call, but now I will turn it to Bill to cover the numbers.
Olivier A. Filliol: As stated, I was certainly pleased to see Europe coming in better than expected and our outlook in that sense stays favorable. In particular, when I listen to my team, we were, for example, on a big tour back in September where we visited the units and that was with recent contact also with the General Manager. What I hear from them is actually positive and makes me -- actually encourages me really for the future. What is more difficult is the news that I pick up in the newspapers, and that's certainly a more challenging environment when you read that. But we don't see that challenge in our own numbers at this stage. When it comes to China, I would say that our numbers have also slightly been above what we expected. But the environment stays challenging. I would say, of course, what we hear to the news, but also what I hear from our own managers, there are certain businesses that do really well. For example, the core lab business, where we continue to have very good growth numbers. Similar to Q1 and Q2, we have in Q3, actually, a double-digit growth in core lab. Process Analytics is still challenged, but that's mainly because last year we had a favorable environment Q2 regulation changes. Then when I come to Product Inspection, they had good numbers in China. And I expect them to continue to do well. But in China, we have a smaller piece of Product Inspection than the global average. So I mean it has a little bit less impact. And when it comes to Core Industrial, which is actually a big part of our Chinese business, we had some growth, and I expect actually that business to do okay going forward. But it is a business that is exposed to infrastructure investments, government spending and certainly, I do expect that this will continue to be challenging, because there is still overcapacity in China, and there are industry segments that are still suffering because of that. So all in all, I would say Q3 clearly showed that things gradually get better, but we remain cautious when it comes to China and Europe.
Olivier A. Filliol: It was pretty much across all the product lines that we did well and that we exceeded expectations. I really feel it's the teams that execute very well on the Spinnaker approaches that we talked about. We had also the benefit, for example, lease [ph] growth program that continued to yield very well. At the end of the day, I do feel like we are winning nicely share in Europe in this environment, and this is pretty much true across all the business lines.
Olivier A. Filliol: And so the lab business gets most of all the businesses, but we do actuals of field turbo for industrial and within industrial, for example, for Core Industrial as well as for Product Inspection. It is so that we give most to businesses with the highest profitability. But, of course, there are also some geographies where we are underrepresented or are building up. I would, for example, namely Turkey. In Turkey, we are building up our presence in industrial business. As for the lab business, we have already done that in the past or we are building up also resources in Indonesia and Philippines. And so when we do such dedicated efforts for a full country, typically, we do it across business lines. But when it's in more mature markets, then it really goes to the business lines with the highest profitability.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes. The new products are really important to us because they are driving the replacement cycle. We need to make sure that we have new value proposition so that our customers are -- have good reasons to upgrade the product, replace the products. And of course, it's also important to differentiate ourselves versus competition. That's a key reason why we continue to launch and upgrade our product lines. And we have an excellent pipeline for next year. But I don't want to overstate and suggest that these new product launches will accelerate our growth. It's really more like, I guess described as, the pricing power that we have is not particularly coming from new product launches. The pricing power that we have is the total solution. It is our application specialist that we have. It is the product that is also the service capabilities. And when you look at our price increases that we do, it is pretty much across all the business lines. Of course, we differentiate. There are business lines where we have more pricing powers than others, but it's not so much related to new product. Now of course, when we launch new products, we want to make sure that we have better differentiated value proposition. And often, we want also to make sure that we have lower cost. And so new products help us to expand margins.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, which is about what we have this year. So next year, not a big change. Maybe one additional comment. When you asked before, if there is a particular product line that's more impacted than others from these product launches. If I -- there are 2 business lines that got a lot of new products launched recently or will happen in the next 2 quarter. One is our lab balance business, where we have the high-end as well as the entry line that will have a new product and very, very good product. And the other one is Product Inspection. In Product Inspection, we have, across all the business units, actually new product. This is true for checkweighing. This is true for metal detection. And late last year, we launched also a new platform for x-ray. So we're going to have a very up-to-date product line in this business. For all -- for example, Core Industrial, it's more coming in the next few quarters, where we have promising products, and in essence, differentiation in the market.
Olivier A. Filliol: And on the -- specifically on France, if I look at year-to-date numbers, it's more reasonable. And in France, we have a situation where the retail business suffers because the retail that's in France overall are under quite some pressure, and we see it. But the core business for us actually does quite reasonably in France. And this is actually just proving again that the execution of the team on all of the Spinnaker programs is going actually really well.
Olivier A. Filliol: So services is going up in our total mix. And today, we have service and consumables together which is about 30% of our total revenue. Service has above group average profitability. So it's certainly, from a financial standpoint, very attractive for us. And then there is this additional strategic benefit that you alluded to, which is we get excellent customer access. It's a great tool for us to understand when customers are thinking about new project or thinking about replacing and upgrading the instruments. So it's a driver also for our product sales. And in that sense, we very much like to expand our penetration for -- with service of our installed base and selectively actually also of competitive installed base. And however, to grow service really needs many different efforts. It's not just adding service technicians, it is really understanding the installed base, developing additional value proposition for our customers on service. And then going off within opportunities to different channels. So point of sales, we need to sell service contracts, but we need also to activate telesales to go back to the installed base that is not yet under contract. And we have also quite a few dedicated sales service specialists that go visit big accounts and to sell bigger service contracts. I feel really good about all these programs that we have around the world. And the results, over the last few years, actually confirmed that we're on the right track. In parallel, what we're also doing is harmonizing our service offering across the world. In the past, every country had their own service products, their own service pricing and their own value propositions. We are more and more harmonizing that also in the context of our promotion program, and the money or the benefit that could cause to do so. So it's kind of a pre-investment for the future that we are in the middle in.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, we expect service to grow above the group average. And that is above the product's growth rates, yes.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So on the share repurchases, we're probably going to do something in the range of $75 million to $100 million more than our free cash flow. I go back to what we talked about, I think it's now 2 quarters ago, where we want to pick up on the share repurchase program given our balance sheet position. We just think we could do it a little bit more leveraged in our capital structure. With regard to incremental margins, they should, on a currency adjusted basis, remain in the low to mid-30s. And maybe one thing, I think, one of the things we feel good about with regard to the field turbo program is that it was very much a story of resource allocations. We have a number of cost savings initiatives, productivity initiatives inside the organization that just allowed us to be able to save in other areas of the business and be able to field these additional resources and what I would describe as a normal operating expense budget as compared to our 4% to 5% top line target that we described to you.
William P. Donnelly: No. Just to clarify, we had 2 large industrial projects. The 4% included us having delivered on 2 larger industrial projects within Q3 of this year. One was large -- they're both kind of infrastructure-related. One was a grain project, grain depot project. And the other was a -- some kind of a highway project, I think.
William P. Donnelly: Yes, yes. I think -- we think it could be 150 basis points, hopefully more, approaching 2%, somewhere in that range.
William P. Donnelly: So maybe a couple of comments. So if we divide the business up into the different components, we continue to have a very good year in our peer laboratory instruments. So as you guys know, within the laboratory instrument category, we have our traditional benchtop stuff as well as our Process Analytics business. Our benchtop type instrumentations have grown by -- in double digits in this quarter. And on a year-to-date basis, we continue to think that, that should do well. We're very well positioned competitively there and made great strides in terms of distribution. And we don't run into maybe some of the same hurdles that some of the peer group companies have, because maybe in part I'm sure because our ASPs are a little bit below theirs. The Process Analytics business faces some tough comps the last few quarters because of some regulatory benefits that they had last year that have now expired, and we would expect that business to grow better next year. If we look at our Core Industrial that -- where Olivier made some mentions of infrastructure concerns in certain segments with regard to overcapacity. But if we look, the percentage of our business related to those markets does get smaller. And we see good growth in certain segments like food-related, for example, there. And we would expect to have marginally better business in that sector. And then our Product Inspection business does quite good in China. So I think this year, we're going to end up finishing the year kind of in an apples-to-apples basis with low single-digit growth in China. And we would be surprised if it wasn't somewhere in the mid-single-digits to high single-digit growth rates for next year.
William P. Donnelly: So you're right, we did have good growth. I think it was 8% in the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis, a little less than that. We have been investing a lot in our -- in globalizing our service business in recent years and in productizing it, that we can market it and sell it better at the point-of-sale and throughout the product's life cycle. And I think we're really in any ways just scratching the surface in terms of the benefits of those programs, but we think we have a lot of years to run in that regard, and we have a lot of, what I would describe, operational excellence, momentum within that business. And I don't mean it just from a margin enhancement point of view, but the way we sell in-market to products as well. So I would, again, expect that the service business will grow faster than the product business in '15.
William P. Donnelly: Yes. So just to clarify the reference to 150 to 200 basis points was with regard what our assumption is for 2015. With regard to Q3 this year, we realized about 240 basis points of price increases, and that puts us slightly north of 200 basis points on a year-to-date basis. There was a couple areas in the product groups where we tried to push a little bit more price, but not via list price increases, but rather via reduced discounting in the couple product categories midyear where we felt that things were going well. And so that's -- we continue to think the fourth quarter will also be a good quarter pricing-wise.
William P. Donnelly: So back to the delivery of those 2 large products. The -- I'm embarrassed, I keep forgetting the second one. One is grain-related and whatever the second project is. Those 2 were order entry in earlier period and sales in this period. So order entry growth was slightly less than sales growth in Q3. And we would expect sales growth in Q4 to be in line with the order entry growth that we saw in Q3, both single digits.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So we would expect Europe to grow a little bit less in '15 and in '14. At least that's our assumption at this stage. We're assuming low single-digit, 2% to 4%, growth coming out of Europe within that guidance. There is one or the other large jab that we have in the comps. And in general, we built a little bit of caution in given the economic environment.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So with regard to material costs. Material costs were down, let's call it 150 bps in the quarter and for the full year. We're happy with that number. I don't think we can do something like that again next year. But we should have raw material cost flat to down, let's call it, 1%, somewhere in that range for 2015. And so that would kind of give you the -- those components for '14 and '15. With regard to foreign exchange and the operating profit level, which is maybe the, I think, the easiest way to communicate about it. If you take the rates as of beginning of this week, so including that yen move at the end of the last week, we would have -- we would have had a headwind of $10 million on our P&L in 2014 for the full year. And we would expect a $4 million headwind in 2015, again, all based on current rates. So the main drivers there is the yen, the Aussie dollar and the Canadian. And I feel like I've hardly ever said this on our conference call, but I think we even get a modest benefit from the Swiss franc. So thank you, Switzerland. Thank you, Olivier. So yes, I think I answered your questions, Patrick.
William P. Donnelly: Probably in Americas, we'll do a little bit better than that. I think mid-single digits. And then Asia Pac should be mid-single to high single digits.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So just to be clear, the comments I made on geographies were 2015 comments. And if I make the same comments in terms of the business categories, the lab business should grow mid-single digit, with the PI business growing better than that, high single digits and probably the Core Industrial business slightly under that -- let's call it at 3%, 4% range. And that should get the industrial business also up to the mid-single-digit level. And then food retailing, it's probably got a -- at this point, it's -- a large jab [ph] could make a big difference. But we're assuming low-single digit growth for that business next year. But as Olivier and myself have said on many occasions, we're not trying to trigger growth in that business. If it happens, it happens. The key is that they are -- continue to enhance their margins and minimize their invested capital. And they did an excellent job on that this past quarter, we're expecting continued progress again next year.
William P. Donnelly: Well, we have a lot of ongoing margin enhancement and cost savings initiatives. I make a couple of specific comments here. We should get more progress again on pricing and material cost, I commented on, we expect them to be flat to down next year. I think one of the most interesting areas of productivity is if you look at the operating expenses, we're assuming in the sales growth targets we've provided, it's really quite efficient if you take into account the 200 people being added via the field turbo program that Olivier has mentioned earlier. Both of us have been here a long time, and we've never added so many people in the front end, particularly in the Western part of the business. And to be able to do that within the confines of the sales budget we described, show you that there's a lot of cost productivity being gained in other parts of the business that allow us to fund that efficiently, fund that type of growth opportunity efficiently. And one other comment to reiterate that I maybe elaborate on something Olivier said during his prepared remarks is that in the first year as a salesman, that's probably their least productive year. And the people that we are adding as part of this program are going to help us down the road as well and get -- and naturally become more productive themselves. And it's -- so that's one of the reasons you may be sensed the excitement we have with what we started here.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So yes, in terms of France, they had a relatively weaker third quarter, but I would highlight, it was against a plus 7 in the prior year. So I wouldn't overdo it there. Our general view is that right now the economic condition is maybe uncertain. But if you look at it, it's -- as compared to maybe 2009 or 2012 where you had real buttoning down the hatches in Europe, we just need our customers in Europe to continue on their normal replacement cycles. And that's generally the read we have. And if they do that, we're going to get our own shares of the business. We're going to get some pricing, and we're likely get a little bit of our competitors share as well. And that should position us well in Europe. We feel like that's maybe one part of the world, probably the part of the world that we're best executing on our Spinnaker initiatives and feel really great about their ability to take what the market gives and probably a little more.
William P. Donnelly: That's always a tough number for us to kind of quantify. But within the 4% to 5%, we think that every year we're gaining some amount of basis points, whether it's 25 basis points up to 100 basis points of market share gain. And then the rest, I guess, would be in your words, the growth in the market.
William P. Donnelly: So I think maybe the first comment would be is that we've always felt that there was a lot of cash flow generation in the business, and that it was stable, stable cash flow, highly predictable cash flow. And we feel that underlying our model and kind of the -- our most promise to shareholders is that we can continue to share repurchase program and invest our full free cash flow back and return that back to them. Recently, we have updated that model to say that we have room to have some extra leverage in the business even if we -- even beyond what we would need to continue to do bolt-on acquisitions here and there. In the course of 2014, we're going to have extra repurchases in $50 million to $75 million range. I mentioned earlier on the call that we'll probably do $75 million to $100 million next year. And sitting here today, it's tough to predict. I think we have to -- it's one of these things we look at regularly. We review with our Board of Directors regularly. But I think we certainly would have room, absent a more sizable acquisition, to continue to do that for some period going forward. We would tend to think that we would be very comfortable with the net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1x, and that compares to today -- or north of 1x, sorry. And today, it's about 0.7.
