Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary. Good evening, and I'm glad you could join us this evening. Before we start, I want to convey my thoughts and best wishes to all of you who may have been impacted by the storm and its aftermath. We hope that you and your families are safe and that you have not suffered too much damage or disruption. I'm making this call from Tarrytown, New York, while Bill and Mary are in Columbus, Ohio, as the weather prevented us being in the same location as we typically are. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and our updated guidance for 2012 and initial 2013 guidance. I will then provide an update on some of our growth initiatives, particularly those tailored to this more challenging market environment. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. Local currency sales increased 1% in the quarter. We experienced slowing growth in customer demand throughout the world, particularly in Europe. As a reminder, we had excellent growth in Q3 2011, as local currency organic sales were up 14%. One of our strongest organic sales growth quarters ever. Although the macro environment is challenging, we had very good execution in our margin improvement and cost control initiatives, which drove a strong 19% increase in EPS in the quarter. I'm very pleased with the earnings growth we generated and the progress we have made on our strategic initiatives. There's a great deal of uncertainty in the global economy today. We expect conditions to remain challenging for the rest of this year and into the first half of next year. This is particularly true for Europe. However, with the benefit of the cost control actions and our margin initiatives, we expect to have solid EPS growth in the fourth quarter and in 2013. Bill will provide you with some additional details on guidance, so let me turn it over to him to cover our financial results first.
Olivier A. Filliol: Our pricing strategy is quite a steady one. What the whole higher attention to pricing started a few years ago, in context of Spinnaker. And like we do always, with Spinnaker, we engage in a journey where we first address the basics and then we get more and more sophisticated. And in essence, what we pursue now is this continuous improvement. We get more and more sophisticated and the programs that we would do next year, our tapping in that opportunity. I don't see that the economic cycle is really having an impact on this strategy. We are not particularly more cautious or more ambitious on this. We would just recognize when the economic situation is more challenging, it needs even more attention, that we will get the full benefit because we really depend on this margin expansion. What I would expect for next year, in terms of pricing realization, is about what we also experienced in average, in the last few years I think. Assuming a 1% to 1.5% range is realistic from today's perspective. And I'm actually confident that we can really implement that, also based on the more recent win-loss analysis that we have performed. It was actually quite a topic with the management team when we met earlier this week. We reviewed the latest data, and it really confirmed that we are on a good track. So again, I think, the 1% to 1.5% is a good assumption going forward.
Olivier A. Filliol: It's a little bit of both. We would certainly expect that the economic situation will gradually improve, and we are late cycle, so it will take us a little bit more time. And then, of course, for this year, comparisons become, in the second part of next year, much more reasonable than maybe at the beginning of the year where we still experienced good growth in 2012.
Olivier A. Filliol: Hey, Jon. I think what we see currently is that the interest of customers for our product remains high. We have good project pipelines. We have a good quote request, but it takes longer for the quotes to convert to closed deals. And we recognize that customers need -- have tighter budgets. They need more approvals, particularly for these larger items, a lot of CapEx items, as you mentioned. I would hope that this will improve over the next months, quarters, but it certainly takes time. But that's probably then going to be the biggest effect is when all these deals are going to get approved. And it's difficult to exactly read how fast this will come. We are counting on that certainly for the second part of next year.
Olivier A. Filliol: For ourselves, it's about the same. We -- it's about the same, particularly also because we have this continuous program around Blue Ocean and we are, of course, maintaining that investment.
Olivier A. Filliol: Hey, Rafael. Yes, we wouldn't have an included and we expect the benefit to really only be later next year. And we have a couple of projects, in particular, infrastructure-related projects that we will benefit from. But whenever we look at the overall portfolio of things that we are selling in China, at the end of the day, the most important factor for us is how the overall economy in China is doing. But we will benefit from it, and we have built it in.
Olivier A. Filliol: Sure, okay. I would start with the comment that we -- most of our markets are still very fragmented. And we have in that sense a very, very broad competitive base. In particular, for the industrial business, it's more local competitors, regional competitors. And in that sense, I would say the situation is very differentiated by businesses and geographic markets. In general, I would say the competitive landscape is a relatively stable one. We haven't seen big moves. We haven't seen particular exits in these difficult times. But it's certainly an environment that allows us to further consolidate our strength and our franchise. And it allows us to continuously do R&D investments and other investments as other players, particularly smaller players cannot do it. And we'll -- in the long-term, we can then franchise. But on the short term, I do not expect particular moves. In terms of pricing environment, I wouldn't say it becomes particularly more competitive. I would explain that also with the fact that most of our competitors are operating with much lower margins, often very slim margins. So there's not that much room for them to become too aggressive. But I would still say, of course, with that many different competitors, we are always watching that and also adjusting when necessary. Specifically to Ohaus, Ohaus is a global brand. It is a brand that is very well established. For example, in the lab balance business, it would be -- it would have a #3 position. In that sense, with that good presence, we have also good pricing power and are certainly leveraging that one. If you refer to Ohaus in China specifically, I think the competitive landscape is not of a particular concern to Ohaus. What is more that Ohaus is working through dealers and is particularly also selling to export-oriented end customers to the discrete manufacturing industry. And so, Ohaus has in China a more challenging environment and has certainly seen that also in their numbers. But I wouldn't translate that to be a particular challenge in the context of pricing.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, it is. The very strong pricing realization that we had year-to-date is also a reflection that we had last year midyear price increase that played and benefited, and then we did certainly a little bit more also in January. And going forward, it is more the execution of the normal programs that we have. But believe me if we have -- if we see that we can capture more, we will certainly take it.
Olivier A. Filliol: No. We would actually still be more skewed with industrial versus the corporate average. That will certainly take a while until we have that more balanced on that side. I would expect lab to continue to outgrow industrial. But within the industrial piece, we have, for example, product inspection that has very good growth prospects also in China and would grow above the average. So I think it will take a while, but I see there's a lot of positive, again, because I see these opportunities also in product inspection.
Olivier A. Filliol: So I would say just in general, it was modestly lower than we expected. We saw the weakness in lab business driven by non-life science portion of the business, for example, chemical. There are also some large ticket items with pharma. So going forward, I think we will see a bit better growth in lab, but a little bit slower growth in industrial, probably on the industrial side in particular since our product inspection business enjoyed really excellent growth last year. But I would expect the growth to continue.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, no -- actually, our strategy on M&A is really a very consistent one. We care very much about the strategic fit and less so driven by the financial market environment. We diligently look at opportunities. We have a good radar of many companies. We maintain and nurture these contacts. And you will see us pursue the strategy in a similar way as we did, focused on bolt-on acquisitions. I don't see a need for acquisitions. It's nice opportunities. But from a strategic standpoint, our franchise is definitely strong enough, and it's not that we have particular gaps that we need to fill. So nothing particular to announce, and I wouldn't pretend that there is a strong pipeline that you would just see us doing a lot of things in the short term, but in the long term, midterm, I feel very confident that we have good ideas and are looking at good companies.
William P. Donnelly: Okay, let me start there, Ross. So, first of all, our industrial business, as you correctly point out, has a lot of short cycle stuff in it, and it also, we tend to be a little bit late-cycle. We typically look at ISM manufacturing GDP numbers, all the typical industrial ones. And as a reminder, in addition to our industrial business, a large piece of our laboratory business, probably a little more than half goes to, let's call it, non-life science customers. And both of those groups have some sensitivities. Now what we would -- if I can kind of go through the U.S., Europe and Asia, and our industrial businesses, what we saw in China is that, on the positive side, we actually had, for the first time this year, better order growth than sales growth coming out of China. I don't jump too much on one quarter to be a trend, and probably China is the one place in the world where we have a little bit more backlog on the industrial side than we do maybe in some of the other pieces of business. So I don't think that'll benefit, too much, Q4 sales but if we, again, had a similar quarter in Q4 where we had a little better order growth than sales growth, I would start to think that things are moving in a good direction there. Our guys, in particular, are still waiting for some of the impact of government, direct or indirect related spending, and some of the things being done in the Center or Western part of the country that we could benefit from. Then if I go to the Americas, we again had not too bad of a quarter there. I would say that, even in our core industrial business, the order entry growth was not so bad in the quarter. I think we kind of had a very good August, a so-so September and I'll see how final orders come out for that subsegment in the month of October. I haven't seen that piece yet. And our Product Inspection business continues to do well, but they're running up against really tough comparisons. So the U.S. business, I probably see going at a similar cycle to what you saw in Q3. And then in Europe, I think that the piece that I'm not quite sure about yet is how some of the end-of-year budget flush will -- that tends to be more in our industrial lab customers. And I'll be interested to see how that plays out here at the end of the year. Now in terms of how we see different segments we serve with our industrial instruments, I would say that chemical industry, relatively weaker. Food actually looked pretty solid, and those are probably 2 of the bigger areas that we see.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. We should end up with -- at the midpoint of the range in a constant currency environment. I think we can improve the operating margins by about 50 bps, so we would be north of 19%. That's our definition before amortization. And I think that's a realistic expectation. Probably half of that or so maybe a little more could come from gross profit margin and the rest come from additional efforts on the cost side. The full year impact of the cost restructuring programs we're doing maybe a little bit offset with us taking the incentive comp back up to budgeted levels, which are below budgeted levels now this year.
William P. Donnelly: Right. The implied incremental margins on that are in the 40% range, which is obviously a good number and reflects that. Maybe if I were to give you more details on the gross profit margin, we would expect, as Olivier pointed out, good numbers on pricing, I think. I see no reason why this year, I think material costs year-to-date are down 2%, 3%. I would expect, and maybe not that good, but another good year next year. A, probably mix will be a little bit against us with the European mix on, as you know, we sell mostly all direct in Europe at relatively higher prices, and so that's good on the gross margin side as compared to maybe emerging markets. And maybe 1 or 2 other things we kind of see in the mix going out next year. But I think we'll make a meaningful improvement in our operating margin again next year.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So, Jon, for next year, we expect both Europe and the Americas to be somewhere flat to up moderately and Asia and China both to be kind of mid to high single-digit growth. If we then maybe look at it in terms of the major businesses, probably lab and industrial being both up probably low single digits, with maybe lab having relatively more business in the West, seeing still some weakness in U.S. and Europe, but doing better on its smaller emerging markets piece, while industrial probably it will struggle a little bit more than lab in the Western markets, but it has a bigger mix towards emerging markets. So that will help make the 2 come out about the same, we assume. And next year, we've gotten a -- it's tough to predict the food retailing business, but the food retailing business should have some growth next year. We've got a couple of large orders in the pipeline, and if we get a couple more, I think that, that would bode well for a positive number coming out of there. But that's always the hardest one to forecast.
William P. Donnelly: I would expect -- so China, in the third quarter grew by 7%. It did better than that in order entry I mentioned. And I would guess, it's going to be a number between 5%, maybe be a couple percent more if they do good in orders at really at the end of the year. But sitting here now, I wouldn't be surprised if for Asia/Rest of World, we put up a 5%, 6% number in the fourth quarter.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So, we've been -- we're benefiting already, you can see in the third quarter, and we did a little bit even in the second quarter. Jon, for the full year this year, the benefits of the program should save us about $10 million to $15 million. Now this is the sustainable kind of piece, I'm not talking about the piece due to incentive comp. And then next year, the full year effect will be in the $25 million to $30 million range. So you can assume kind of an incremental next year of another $15 million or so.
William P. Donnelly: Yes, it's 24.5% as it's been year-to-date. And that's on a before discrete tax item basis. You'll see when we -- as a reminder, when we file our Q, we had some discrete items in Q3 last year, but the before discrete tax item number was 26% last year and it's 24.5% year-to-date.
William P. Donnelly: And probably based on history, these things would take some time. I think we would see in past programs, it usually means something we would probably get in the second half of the year some benefit.
William P. Donnelly: No. There's even some pieces that don't get fully implemented and we don't get the full benefit for until '14. So if you think about it as a $40 million program, by the end of next year, we would have captured fully $30 million, and then there's some that roll into '14.
William P. Donnelly: I think -- both Olivier and I were in China in September, and we've been talking to the guys since then. I generally think the guys are more positive today than they were in September. Our team down there, in part, because they see somehow things starting to loosen up, and that includes related to the government stuff. But if we look at how we -- the role we typically play when these -- spending goes out, we're usually, for lack of a better expression, almost a subcontractor, so it -- or smaller pieces of bigger projects. And so we're maybe not the first guys to give great insight here. Generally -- the general feeling with our team is that there will be -- we will benefit from these programs. We will likely not see much in the way of benefit for them until -- we won't probably get much in the way of orders until next year and even a lot of that, maybe not starting until Q2. And we probably won't see too much of a sales benefit until the second half of the year.
William P. Donnelly: That's a fair comment, and maybe one other nuance thing. It was another area, the lab in the U.S. where our order entry was a little bit better than our sales growth. So not that I think that there'll be a big turnaround, but maybe that would bode well for some pieces of it. And what we particularly saw in the U.S. market was chemical customers. And that's a big piece of our Process Analytics business, as well as our lab balance business. And those -- we saw those 2 markets in particular being a little softer. Rick, maybe one other comment on the pricing side that I think is worth remembering is that in terms of customer communication, when we're looking at the mid-year price increase that we did -- that benefited that we did in middle of '11 and -- plus the January 1, '12, price increases, we were able to talk a little bit more about material inflation than we can today. And I think that's part of the reason why we think it will be harder to push and communicate. But as Olivier said, I think as long as we're value selling and continuing to do an effective job and providing the sales force with the good tools, we should be able to do what we typically do in a year anyway despite current [ph] economic weakness.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. Okay. So maybe kind of walking down within the quarter, we had a good quarter on pricing. You've got a sense we're in the 3% range. And when you do the math, that's an impact of about 150 bps on the gross profit margin. And on the material cost side, material costs were down in the quarter and that benefited the margin as well. But then we had topics like our -- from a mix point of view, geographically, we had a headwind from Europe. I would also point out that certainly, the overall mix of what products we sold in the quarter was a little better than what we had in the first 6 months. We had talked a bit about that in earlier quarters that the product mix wasn't quite what we hoped for, and we certainly had a bit of a catch-up there in Q4. In terms of currency, you could probably assume something like a 40 basis point benefit on gross profit margin due to currency. And those are some of the major pieces, I would say.
William P. Donnelly: Well, maybe one way to measure it is that we estimate the cost of the program will run from -- in the range of $20 million to $25 million, and we've incurred about $11 million of that cost so far. Now this cost generally gets incurred as you kind of start to implement those programs. Maybe also as a reminder, a lot -- we certainly are doing some things on the operational side, but as well, a big piece of what we're doing relates to operating people. The people costs not just in manufacturing but in administrative functions and other areas. And some of that's underway, some of that won't get completed until down the road, 2014 even. So it will be kind of gradual over time, but we're going step-by-step, and I think we're happy with the progress so far. And I think that's evident maybe in our margin performance to date, too.
William P. Donnelly: It is a tough business to predict, you have the ups and downs due to large projects. And we are happy how the business performed in terms of margin and return on capital. They -- but they -- you're right, they had a tough quarter, a tough year-to-date in terms of their sales numbers. We have gotten recently a couple of large orders that should have some benefit next year. But we'll see how that plays out. I think overall, the retail business won't do much better in Q4. I think they'll have a tougher time, although I think in the Americas, we'll have a relatively good quarter. But I think Europe has a pretty tough comp.
William P. Donnelly: We do have enough remaining for this year and most of next year. And at this stage, I would say, our history has been that the Board, when we approach them, we'll -- and I would fully expect then they would again approve an extension of the program and we probably would seek that sometime next year.
William P. Donnelly: We're going to have a good improvement. We should be -- Q4 a year ago, our EBITA margin was in the 20% range, and I would expect it to be around 22% or so in Q4 this year. In terms of incremental margins, it will also be a good number, actually, a very good number because we have modest growth but quite good profit growth, so it's almost not worth mentioning.
