Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary. Good evening and I welcome you to the call which we are doing from Switzerland tonight. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details of our financial results, and I will update the guidance. I will then provide an update on some of our growth initiatives. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. We are pleased with our local currency sales growth of 6% in the quarter. Market conditions were weaker than the last quarter, particularly in Europe. In addition, prior-year sales growth of 11% was very strong. We were pleased to achieve a 13% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. We do not expect market conditions to improve in the short term and have initiated appropriate cost control measures. While we are managing cost levels more closely, we will also continue to make strategic investments for future growth. This includes investing in emerging markets, our Spinnaker sales and marketing programs, new product development and our Blue Ocean program. With our strong focus on execution, I believe we can outgrow the market and continue to take market share. We will cover these points in more detail on this call. But let me turn it to Bill to provide more details on the second quarter results as well as guidance.
Olivier A. Filliol: It's certainly a reflection of what we have seen already in the second quarter. And you heard us saying that Europe came in weaker than expected. We would certainly see an ongoing uncertainty about how Europe will develop. And we want to remain cautious with our expectations from the European market. I would also say the Americas, while we still see good momentum, we are a little bit more cautious for the rest of the year than we were during our last call. And what I look at to emerging markets in China and would also see that -- and a recovery the Chinese momentum like we all expect might take a little bit longer. So it's a combination of all of the 3 regions, but I would certainly emphasize the European market that is definitely weaker than we expected on the last call. So that's a geographic view. When we look at more from a business line, we would see food retailing certainly be weak outlook for us. And then when I look at core industrial, they are certainly also suffering from this economic uncertainty, and so I would also see that core industrial would be weaker. All of the businesses, I would expect similar to what we have seen year-to-date.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay. So just maybe I would be repeating some things that you said. But you're right, midpoint of the range at around 2% and we should have 6%, 6.5% impact due to exchange rates. So in terms of our gross profit margin, you'll see it relatively flat compared to what you saw a year ago, which from trained perspective, is a little bit better than what you saw the last couple of quarters where we had to decline. It could be 10 or 20 basis points one way or the other, but relatively flat. Our operating expenses you'll see in local currency, you won't see much growth in terms of operating expenses. In fact, you could even see a little bit of a decline on the SG&A line. And that reflects some of the things we've talked about in terms of cost measures.
Olivier A. Filliol: No, no change in plans. This was an extraordinary situation. But at that time -- situation today looks very different.
Olivier A. Filliol: It's definitely the latter one. Of course, we read also the newspaper. We also see in general that my numbers that indicate that. But if I look at -- if talk to our businesspeople, our few people in general, will we still see good momentum.
Olivier A. Filliol: For my geographic standpoint, it's definitely Europe where we have seen a rough decline over the last few months and we certainly forecast that it's going to be staying very challenging. And within Europe, if I look at the business plans and particularly also food retail, where we have some comparison topics. But then secondly also that we see that orders have slowed down significantly and the second business line is certainly also more impacted this calling down [indiscernible].
Olivier A. Filliol: So let me start. Maybe with first piece of funding. And what we have certainly seen is that this project, that they are less funded at this stage for 2 reasons. On one hand, the stimulus funding that we benefited over the last few years is definitely gone. That has one impact and the second one is we see that in this transition of leadership, many project on hold, people want to wait until the new leadership is really in place and the decision makers, the new decision makers are really confirming this project. I would, however, expect that this situation will rapidly improve and will definitely be helpful for us. When it comes to the new 5-year plan and how that can benefit from last, there are different initiatives in this 5-year plan are beneficial for us. It's more focused on signs, it's more focused on quality. It's also more focused on environmental topics where there will be demand for our product. And so in general, I would say this is beneficial. And so all in all, I think this change in leadership will have to be beneficial for us and should start to do yield already, improvements in the coming weeks.
Olivier A. Filliol: Definitely, I would say, I think we expect this growth from the U.S., but the emerging markets would also be a contributor to the global macro. So it's not just the U.S.
Olivier A. Filliol: Nothing of particular size here. This product line streamlining that Bill discussed before and really just a relatively small product lines specific applications on what we did for the divestment of software business that we did in retail 2 years ago or so that was more sizeable and I don't see us doing anything in particular of that size in the near term. Actually, we feel very good about the growth of portfolio and the growth of franchise.
Olivier A. Filliol: It's almost completely explained by the cost measures we described and maybe to a smaller extent a little bit better margins.
Olivier A. Filliol: To maybe just frame it, China is actually really the biggest county in the emerging market mix. It's about half of our emerging market sales. And then it rapidly drops off to smaller numbers like India is in the range of 3% growth or 3% of total sales. And also Russia is actually even lower than India. So this becomes smaller numbers.
Olivier A. Filliol: So when we talk about competitors, we have in the lab space mainly global competitors as when we talk about core industrial in particular. We face more local competitors. I would certainly see a situation where we have a competitive advantage that is particularly also beneficial in this more difficult economic environment. We are certainly very agile with our marketing programs and with our very strong direct sales approaches, we are closer to customer which is always good in this environment. I would clearly see that we continue to gain market share. I don't see that the big opportunity to change the competitive landscape, I think it is a more continues evolution here. I will -- overall programs that we have in place in terms of coming out with new products, implementing superior marketing programs, expanding our field force into one. These are all initiatives that help us continuously win market share and is not particularly focused in an economic cycle.
Olivier A. Filliol: To build on what Bill said, we have expanded our software development capability out of India, which is complementing software development that we do in Switzerland. You can imagine that it's -- from a cost-cutting point, this very a beneficial to do it in India.
William P. Donnelly: I was going to maybe put a little bit of numbers to give you a feeling, Jon. So we probably think the lab business could be growing maybe 2% or 3% in the coming quarter, which certainly is a little bit less than that we have enjoyed the first part of the year. And then the industrial business will do a little bit better than that, maybe 4%, maybe 5%. The food retailing business though is going to be weaker than we expected. That could be as much as 10% down in the third quarter. And then geographically, it will slow up a little bit more in Europe so we probably would be at 5% to 10% decline in Europe. And in the Americas will be, similar to what we saw in the first half of the year, maybe a little bit less, a little bit less, a point or 2. And then we'll see the rate come down, we think somewhere around 10% or so for Asia/Rest of World.
William P. Donnelly: China in the quarter grew by 10%, and the lab businesses grew mid-teens and the industrial businesses grew around 10% or so. We actually had a large decline in retail. Retail was down high teens.
William P. Donnelly: I think in terms of our operating margin expansion over the medium to long term, that's one of our key enablers, and so we're going full steam ahead on the program.
William P. Donnelly: So in the quarter, realized prices we estimated were up 270 basis points and so that's 260 now on a year-to-date basis. I would be surprised if that number didn't move up a little bit more the next couple of quarters again.
William P. Donnelly: I guess, first comment would be, Ross, that we would very much reflect a little bit of forward-looking view this combination looking at our leads. PMI kind of data, and what the guys in the field, are saying when we came up with things. We did have, in the course of the quarter, less order growth than we had sales growth. And that also kind of played into it, and that's probably one of the items that we contributed to things. Now if we look at actually regeneration numbers, I think were reasonably satisfied with what we see. So maybe a little bit less in some parts of the world, but if we look at those numbers globally, regeneration looks pretty good. And I think you got a sense from Olivier as well that our discussions with the field guys are again reasonably good now. That being said, we think what we propose this guidance is probably realistic assessment.
William P. Donnelly: As a reminder, we do a laboratory business. And I know you know this, but I think it helps the people listening to the question, it doesn't include just labs stuff sold into life sciences. And we have a lot of industrial customers that are buying the equipment as well as, chemical companies, for example, but food companies as well. And so, we would expect lab to be more resilient, but there is a meaningful portion of that laboratory business that's also going to industrial customers that has some similar dynamics to our industrial sales.
William P. Donnelly: In terms of the laboratory business, processing analytics really did the best with the major product categories. Our automated chemistry and analytical instrument businesses both did quite well. What's maybe interesting, Paul, about those last 2 is, ticket price-wise. Those are our higher ticket price items. Now AutoChem, I think, is a business that we have that's just executing really well now. Good product cycle as well as a good penetration in some of their key accounts. The analytical instrument business largely benefits from a relatively one of the easiest comparison it has, and with the prior quarter is the second quarter, and I would say that explained it the most.
William P. Donnelly: We would expect gross margins to improve trend-wise versus the prior year. In Q3, that will be driven by as I mentioned earlier, our pricing should add a little bit more in the course of the quarter, I think 4x is going to be marginally better. And then mix wise, I did -- it also could be, maybe not better than the prior year, but because I think we're still going to have a headwind in Europe, but at least within the industrial business, I think, some product categories would do better than others. The biggest headwind we have on gross margin now is the fact that our European business, which is the place where we have the highest percentage of direct sales as opposed to sales through distributors and therefore the highest gross profit margin is the weakest region.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So first on pricing, I think, we -- the details on pricing look good. Win-loss reports look good. Price realization reports look good. So we feel pretty confident that we'll have a continued positive trend in the second half on pricing. Now in terms of the share repurchase program, as a reminder, we file a 10b-5 plan that allows us to purchase through blackout periods. The way that we execute that is we're purchasing fixed dollar amounts. And so that fixed dollar amount would therefore the number share repurchase will vary to a certain extent based on the stock price going up or down. In terms of us doing something more, there is -- that's something that we're disclosing at that time. At this time whether our board will consider that at some stage during the -- later in the year, that's possible, but I would say there's no certainty at this point.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So in terms of exiting product lines, we do have a couple of areas that we did exit. They both fell -- they're relatively smaller product categories, I think it's not something that we need to further adjust guidance or something like that. There are product lines within industrial and within retail that we were focused on there. And in terms of geography, you can imagine there's a focus on Europe in general which has the biggest weakness. And to a certain extent, we've been talking to you guys for a while about us trying to, over the medium term, move our Swiss franc cost structure or reduce our Swiss franc cost structure over time. Now in terms of things we would do -- would've done otherwise, I think in some cases what we're doing reflects volume. But many other things you're correct are things that we would've done at some point over time but maybe look to accelerate it. To a certain extent, I would also highlight maybe that some of the things that we're able to do as part of the program are things that start to -- are enabled to a certain extent by some of the investments that we've been making in the Blue Ocean program as well that allow us more flexibility because we're on a common set of systems and data and processes that allow us to move things a little bit more nimbly than we might have in the past.
William P. Donnelly: As you know, academic maybe compared to some of the other guys in this space is not as big a segment with the exception maybe of the pipette business. And in the pipette business, that's not one of the strong points. Although I would highlight we'll probably do better than most in that segment because it's an area where our market share has been higher in biotech and pharma. And so it's been getting a little bit more emphasis from us than we do actually see that trend wise, we would appear to be doing better than maybe competition in that particular sector. So but the feedback we get from the pipette guys is that it's not a particularly strong area right now. But we're happy. Actually, we have modest growth in the U.S. pipette business and I think compared to what I've seen with some other guys with similar product categories, that seems to be pretty good.
William P. Donnelly: Prices really remains the same as we have now the last few years. We are focused on more adjacencies, close adjacencies that we yield good synergy potential on their typical sizes of $20 million to $50 million businesses. And we continue to screen the market that there's nothing in particular that I would see to be announced. I don't think that the market offers particularly good opportunities in this time. So I think we will really pursue a very similar strategy as we have done in the last few years on this one.
William P. Donnelly: At this point, if I look at kind of order trend for the 2 months, I don't think we are looking at a materially different picture.
William P. Donnelly: I think the sales numbers are -- our view of the market is different too. We're suggesting a 2% organic growth for the second half of the year as compared to, I guess, we had a 10% decline or something in 2009 and we were running, at some quarters we're in the mid-teens down. So I think it's very much that is the reflection at us. But we made investments in '09 in strategic areas and we're making investments now as well.
William P. Donnelly: Well, the industrial business, which represents about 60% of sales or so has a meaningful amount of project to business. If I were to talk about big, big projects, maybe in normal cycle it might be as much as 15% of that sales, maybe even 20% in the really good times. That's part of the business that's probably we see the most. If we look, for example, and you guys can see us bit in the balance sheet, because we have less deferred revenue than we normally do, and that's almost completely related to China. Less big projects which have more of a deferred revenue mechanism as part of how you recognize things there.
William P. Donnelly: India has actually performed well for us. Year to date, we had actually growth north 20%. And in India, we tried I feel is an excellent accomplishment by the team considering that the currency is actually a bit difficult situation for us in India. And India overall is certainly more challenging than it was previous years did very well there. If I look at other emerging markets also, South East Asia, for example, Korea very happy with all these numbers and what the team is doing. And also countries like Mexico. Eastern Europe was weak but had actually a tough previous year, and Brazil, we certainly also see the economy -- economic situation is more challenging than we had in the past. But all in all, I am very happy with all the emerging markets and many of them are actually performed much better than China and China was at 10% growth against a strong previous year, it did actually also well for us.
William P. Donnelly: So our service business grew by 4% in the quarter and the product business grew a slightly more and then to the extent that we're seeing a change in our growth rate, we would probably expect a similar growth rate in service in the second half of the year and most of the client would relate to the product side of the business.
William P. Donnelly: It's a little bit what we see in the pipeline. And the 2 weaknesses or areas of slowdown that I would see is food retail has certainly had a slowdown and second one, is of course core industrial is always more exposed to changes in the momentum. Lab performed well for us and we would expect them to continue. Product Inspection had over a good second quarter and had exceptionally see good ongoing momentum there, particularly also driven around food safety that is a key topic around the world in particular also in the U.S.
William P. Donnelly: Yes. Probably you're talking about particularly for direct labor people. Rick, you're often talking 1/10 of the price and our costs in material for our types of material often we would probably averaged 20% lower in some product and probably categorize [ph] even more
William P. Donnelly: Well, just maybe the key way in which you'll see it not all of that relates to our operating expenses. But I as I mentioned in the response to another question. You'll see a decline in our SG&A expenses in the second half in local currency.
William P. Donnelly: I mean we're -- maybe I'd answer it in terms of cash flow. We do see that we'll probably do a little bit better on the cash flow side. I think we had guided to a 15% growth in free cash flow and we'll probably do a little bit better than that.
William P. Donnelly: I would maybe add that one of our productivity gains that we get in R&D, Greg, is what I would describe as some kind of low-end R&D, where we're talking about drawings and stuff like that. We're doing more and more of that in low-cost countries or outsourcing, and that's giving us productivity gains with our western guidance and we've also invested the last couple of years in some programs and systems that allow us to work better on a global basis, PLM type of stuff. And we're starting to see some of the benefits from that as well.
William P. Donnelly: No. Our Switzerland has been up and running the new system for quite some time. So not there. China has been up and running, as you know, since Q3 last year. And then we're targeting taking the U.S., the main part of the U.S. operations in the early part of next year. So there is not anything going on now that would, I would say is even operational challenge in this regard. I mean, this change management OpEx always with the new systems. And of course, we're enhancing it as well as we go along cause we want to get more and more out of it, but nothing that I would say is causing operational headaches.
William P. Donnelly: Yes, I would say that we'll probably be in the run rate during the middle of '13 more than half probably closer to 3 quarters of the way to that target. And as we get farther and farther into it, we'll disclose to you guys how that's progressing. Hopefully we'll do it a little faster and hopefully we'll do a little more. But I think that the $40 million number it being readied by the early part of '14 is probably a realistic assumption at this stage.
Thomas E. Reinckens: So today we produce about 30% of our products we sell worldwide local countries particularly in China. And about 40% of our material purchase are coming from the low-cost countries. The measures that we are talking here is actually very broad-based. It is not just manufacture-related, it's also a sourcing of materials, that plays a role. And we're also looking at sourcing services more from local countries. So it's a wide range of activities and it's not just related to the production of products.
Thomas E. Reinckens: No. What we need to realize, and of course, we experienced also weight inflation, but our productivity gains in our Chinese facilities are actually quite impressive, and there is a very strong focus of our team to continue on that path. We see productivity gains in production area, but we certainly see that across the whole value chain, and not the least also on the sale side, service side of your people. So the topic of cost increase in China is, of course, a topic but I feel we can offset that nicely through productivity gains.
Thomas E. Reinckens: R&D strategy is a very continuous one. It's not particularly impacted by these cost programs that we have in place. And we do R&D for so many different product lines and we have so have many new products that are coming in that you will see a little bit of quarterly changes that can be driven by peaks in certain product launches. But all in all, I would say the R&D pipeline as well as the R&D investment is quite a steady one.
