Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call which we are doing from Switzerland this quarter, which is why we started a little earlier than we normally do. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Shawn will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments, and we will open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page three of the presentation. We are very pleased with the strong finish to the year with our fourth quarter results. Local currency sales growth was better than expected as demand in our markets remained favorable and we continued to execute very well. Total local currency sales grew 8% in the quarter. We had strong broad-based growth in most of our laboratory and industrial product lines. China had another quarter of excellent growth. Our sales growth combined with results from our margin and productivity measures drove very strong improvements in operating margins. And despite a 5% headwind due to adverse currency and high tariff costs, we achieved a 15% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. All around, these are strong results. Our outlook for 2019 remains positive, but similar to our comments to you last quarter, we remain concerned about the global economy. We do not see evidence of a downturn in our markets today, but Marko [ph] data and rhetoric surrounding international trade disputes make us cautious. We remain focused on execution of our growth initiatives and believe we are well-positioned to continue to gain share regardless of market conditions. Assuming market conditions remained favorable we believe we can generate good earnings growth in 2019. Let me now turn it to Shawn to cover the financials and guidance and I will come back later with additional comments on our business.
Olivier Filliol: If I look we did in Q4, we really saw very good growth across all the regions. It reflects still good market conditions, but very much also the strong execution of the team. We have invested quite some effort to go off to the attractive segments of the markets. We have done some resource shifting in certain counties, but if I also look at our marketing spending, our sales force guidance, we really support that our focus goes to the industrial segments that are most promising, and here I would name pharma, chemical, and food, and less so the more discrete by factoring kind of the material plastic electronics components markets, and that gives me also confidence that in 2019 we still will have good growth, even that maybe there is a certain slowdown in the global economy. Our business today is a different one than that we had in the downturn - in the last downturn, and that's particularly also true for industrial.
Olivier Filliol: So far we don't see a slowdown in China. We delivered very strong results in Q4. We have great momentum in most of the industry segments. But what I said before for industrial worldwide applies also to China. There are industrial segments that do better than others. Again, pharma, for example, would do very well. But we would have the material - or the discrete manufacturing sectors that are certainly impacted in China, and that - at market that today is less relevant for us than it was 10 years ago. We talked a lot about our Chinese market business mix that changed. We have today a situation where the lab business is significantly bigger than it was a couple of years ago. And even within the industrial business we succeeded to grow the PI business to become more significant. So, I feel like we have a more healthy business mix. We have a team very focused on capturing the growth that comes from the industry segments that are growing in China, and that are benefiting from the five-year plans of the Chinese government. Looking forward, I don't expect the same growth rates out of China as we had, rather would see a mid to high single-digit growth in China. Here I would see lab to be particular strong. Kind of expect from lab in China high single-digit, as probably on the industry it's more the low single-digit range, and then reflecting basically also a slowdown of the Chinese economy, not the same in every segment.
Olivier Filliol: Indeed, I was very pleased about the Q4 results here on service. It's a good reflection of what we did. I want to highlight maybe also for the full-year I was very happy with service because we did talk to you at the investor conference that our products become better and better, and therefore we sell less spare parts, we have less break/fix. And the decline in the break/fix we compensate with higher penetrations for contract business. And we have seen that happening throughout the year, definitely also in Q4. I see also that for some lab service business is doing particularly well, all these things. So, the trends in our service business are all point to the right direction, and it's a result of the many initiatives that we have. I would also highlight that the service in percentage of total business has been grown over all these years. As I include consumables to it, it's today almost a third of our total business, so a very attractive mix and I'm happy to see that our internal initiatives are actually delivering this.
Olivier Filliol: It's also related to timing of projects. The process inspection business has also deals that are bigger. And then it's a timing question of things how they come together. Then the second factor is the packaged foods industry overall and their investment commitments. We had seen in 2017, for example, very good large orders, global rollouts. '18 was then slower on that one, and we had certainly also a comparison challenge. And in '19, I just don't see it yet that the large packaged food companies are coming back in the same degree with the large global rollouts. And that's the reason why we are here a little bit more cautious for the year, but when I think about mid to long-term, I certainly the product inspection business to come back with very good growth numbers. Particularly we have a very good competitive position. We have the leading positions. And so I really see this as a very attractive business in the long-term. But then short-term, and again 2019 it will be a little bit more challenging. And yes, in that sense I'm happy how we delivered in Q4, but just because we had a good Q4 doesn't make the 2019 an easy year.
Olivier Filliol: Yes, sure. So, on the operating margin side we're looking at a 100 basis point improvement for 2019. I think that's a strong guide from our perspective that certainly factors in some of the benefits we would see from some of the synergies and benefits we would have from the new facility in consolidating the plants. Similar story on 2019 gross margin we would see gross margin increasing in the range of about 50 basis points. Of course there's different puts and takes to that with favorable benefit from currency I mean I'm sorry from pricing which we would expect to be similar to what I guided last quarter in the 2%ish kind of arrange. Offset by the cost of the tariffs and kind of the rest is probably noise at that point.
Olivier Filliol: No, no, particular, and it was broad-based, it was across geographies and so nothing particular that I would highlight and that would explain it.
Olivier Filliol: Yes hey so yes we are investing heavily in the business. There's a lot of different great projects that we're excited about. How we see stuff in each area of the business but if we probably disproportionally in the laboratory side we have some really exciting things on the analytical instrument business as an example, but nothing I would highlight in particular. As we have a pretty diversified portfolio so no one new product introduction or upgrade moves the needle in isolation. It's just kind of our constant DNA of continuously having these things coming out.
Olivier Filliol: Not particular about January I think the guidance that we provided you before reflects different early indicators that we have and you heard Shawn talk about those are the business mix that we expect in Q1 and I think remains very healthy across all the businesses. So I think that supports the strong industrial number in Q4 wasn't just a spike. We in general feel good about that momentum. But of course we recognized that industrial overall is more exposed to an economic environment and that's also the reason that for the full-year I expect a better performance than from lab then I would say from industrial, but industrial will continue to do well.
Olivier Filliol: No, actually you have a transaction size for us is not that high that customers would change their behavior just because of tariffs or anticipated price increases. Also we did communicate special price increases early on now I don't see a connection between the two things and as Shawn highlighted did the backlog indications for Q1 remain solid so.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. Yes, hey, yes of course Europe is certainly a region that we look at in more cautious way they are certain countries where the economic forecast were downgraded in the last couple of weeks. But that doesn't always mean that it's going to directly impact us and I strongly feel that for example the pharma-chem industry is still doing very well. We have a very big share of replacement business that is not directly linked to the economic environment. I always say to our team we don't need that strong of a GDP growth that we can actually deliver good growth ourselves. And we are very much in that mode we are still in an investment mode, we are in an offensive mode across the world including Europe and it's up to us to compensate maybe some slowdown in the economy and still deliver good results and so far all the indications support the statement.
Olivier Filliol: First of all, the environment looks healthy for us good, I am very happy with the results the team has been delivering. I'm very optimistic that we will continue to execute very well. We have some comparisons topics where we need to be a little realistic and we have the retail business that we already called out before we expect a decline. But absent of that I actually really feel good about the Americas and I expect again particular lab to do very well also in Americas.
Olivier Filliol: Ooh, I am not going to focus too much on that one, because I will focus really on the profitability, and with that we remain very selective with projects we pursue. It's also a lumpy business, and that's why we feel actually that we should deliver flat sales for the full-year, but for example, earlier in the year, we expect we're going to be down. And it's not a business that I'm going to say, okay, we're going to drive it to low to mid-single growth. As long as we grow profitability I'm fine. You need also to know we shift resources. We try to shift resources towards the lab business and industrial business because we see there sustainable long-term growth opportunity, we see good profitability and when you shift resources away from a business like the retail business, I want to be cautious and to expect growth mid or long-term. So yes, I hope this is giving you the necessary flavor.
Olivier Filliol: So let me - if I take the big picture, I would split pharma and biopharma. Biopharma goes very well. We see a lot of investment in biopharma that benefits our core lab, but also process analytics very much. We have, for example, the pipette business that is very much also in biopharma. We see very, very good momentum there. If we look at the other pharma business, so small molecules business for example, we still have very good momentum, we grow very nicely, but I would also recognize that maybe the investments are not in the same degree as biopharma, but here we need also to differentiate by geography, you for example, have to fill in the emerging markets, China in particular a good underlying growth rate in pharma very much so. And so, on a global scale, I feel good about pharma and biopharma going forward.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. So, if I look at the mix today, in China we have about 45% that comes from Lab, and then you have Industrial which is roughly 47%, but interestingly that's quite a change versus 10 years ago, particularly if I look at core industrial. Core industrial 10 years ago would have been more like 60%, as today it is about 40%. And if I look at this 40% of core industrial, the end-user segment would also be different to what we had in the past. Namely today pharma, chemical, and food are really dominant end-user industries that we are serving. And as you can imagine these are the industries that are more sustainable. They should offer very good mid and long-term growth. And I would expect them to be much less exposed to any tariffs or trade impact. And that's actually one of the reasons why we feel actually more comfortable that whatever the Chinese economy will do we will not see the same volatility as we have seen, for example, in 2015 [ph] where there was a significant downturn in China and we were heavily impacted in our industrial business. Lab had reasonable growth at that time, but the Industrial was very impacted, but as I described before our Industrial businesses today different, and feel more comfortable going forward on this.
Olivier Filliol: No, it doesn't imply something abruptly worse. It is rather a steady situation and it implies that we continue to execute well in this steady environment and we continue to take market shares. If the economy would take a downturn from the current steady state, I would still expect us to gain market share, but we would probably have a hard time to deliver this kind of growth that we are guiding you. But we don't see, in our numbers, any early negative indicators and with what forecasts are out, right now, from the economists we feel comfortable with our guidance.
Shawn Vadala: No, I mean - Steve, this is Shawn. No, I mean the question first of all was - we're particularly happy to see broad based growth throughout most of the businesses, not only by products but by regions. Probably the two things that stood out on the positive side from the trend perspective is we had a strong finish to the year in product inspection that Olivier was just talking about. And then we also had a very strong year in core industrial, which was especially nice to see in each region of the world. I mean, each region really ended the year on a strong note there. And then on the other side of that, our retail business, as expected, was down in the quarter based upon the timing of project activity.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, maybe I'll start with the second part of your question, Steve. So, just to be clear, when we talk about the impact with the tariffs, we're not talking about the potential impact on the global economy. And so that's yes that's what we're referring to when we talked about in the prepared comments that the gross impact is about 3% of direct costs, but if that went away the net benefit of going away would be more like 1%. In the first part of your question in terms of product inspection were you referring to operating margins or gross margin I wasn't sure what you meant by that.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Hey, I mean it's not like we have a model that says this basis point is for one thing versus the other, but as we have a lot of really I'd say exciting initiatives to expand the margins. The pipeline of initiatives is strong as ever as Olivier mentioned before we feel really good about the execution in terms of our teams on the different programs. But I would say all areas whether its pricing had a particularly good fourth quarter and I feel good about the program entering the year. Stern Drive, as you heard at the Investor Day over 300 projects with lots of good things going on there. And then on the Blue Ocean program has a lot of really interesting things that we're working on at the moment that I think also positions us even better for the longer term.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, and just to be clear, we start the year with a good backlog in industrial and expect a good first quarter there.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, hey, there's no change in our status. I mean, our pipeline is the same as it's been. We still continue to look at things, but things also have to be available but no change in our status or our approach.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, I mean, we still - you know, there's a couple of things Dan. So we're still experiencing some of these initial startup costs in the product inspection business that we've talked to you about over the last couple of quarters as well as some related new product introductions that we've also spoke to you about as well. But one thing that stood out a little bit more in the fourth quarter is we did have some negative mix as we kind of dug into that one. And it was kind of just a mix that was granular within businesses. It wasn't like this division versus that division. It was really something at a more micro level, but as you kind of look at some of those topics, maybe the silver lining is that at the operating margin level, those product categories or those businesses actually performed quite well.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. And if you were to take our Laboratory business in China and add the faster growth segments of Industrial, it's about two thirds of our total Chinese business.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Thanks Steve for the question. And just to clarify, there's two tranches of tariffs, the first tranche is at 25%, it's the second tranche that started at 10, and is still at 10. If we look at that and kind of model out what if it stays at 10, the benefit to EPS on a full-year basis would be approximately half a percent of EPS as opposed to the 1% if they all went away.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure. No. I understand the question. Probably I mean maybe I'll start with maybe the simplest way to think about the guide, and then I'll kind of acknowledge some of the puts and takes. So probably the easiest way to look at it is we maintained our growth rate of 11% to 12%. In terms of like kind of some of the puts and takes, we had our beat for Q4. Yes, we had the tax benefit that you mentioned. On the other side, we also had less pension income for 2019. That's largely related to the lower asset return that was impacted by global equity markets in the fourth quarter, particularly in the month of December that kind of went the other way on us. In terms of your comment on tariff delay, I mean keep in mind that is only January and February that's maybe two to three pennies, so it wasn't a significant consideration for us. And then in terms of currency, the currency, you're right, there's probably modest benefit today if we looked at where currencies were three months ago, but a lot of that has been volatility that's evolved over the last couple of weeks, and at this point in time we just think it's prudent to be a little bit cautious on that one, and we just kind of see how the currencies play out here and then we kind of update accordingly as we kind of get into the first - after we get into the first quarter.
