Mary Finnegan: Thank you, Erica, and good evening, everyone. I'm Mary Finnegan. I'm the Treasurer and I'm responsible for Investor Relations at Mettler-Toledo, and happy that you're joining us this evening. I am joined by Olivier Filliol, our CEO and Bill Donnelly, our Executive Vice President. I need to cover just a couple administrative matters. This call is being webcast and is available for replay on our Web site. A copy of the press release and the presentations that we refer to is also on our Web site. Let me summarize the Safe Harbor language, which is outlined on slide two of the presentation. Statements in this presentation, which are not historical facts, constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements, to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please see the discussion in our recent Form 8-K. All of the forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed under the captions Factors affecting our future operating results and in the Business and Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Form 10-K. Just one last item. On today's call, we may use non-GAAP financial measures. More detailed information with respect to the use of, and the differences between, the non-GAAP financial measure and the most directly comparable GAAP measure is provided in the Form 8-K. I will now turn the call over to Olivier.
Mary Finnegan: So Derik, we're assuming for the top line about 3.5% benefit for the full year, and you're going to see it start off about 5.5% in the first quarter and then about 4% and then down to 2% for the second half of the year.
Mary Finnegan: Thanks everyone for joining us tonight. Of course as always, if you have any questions just give us a call or shoot us an email. Take care and good night.
Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with the summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results. We will also provide an update of our guidance for this year. I will have some additional comments and we will then open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page three of the presentation. We are pleased with our fourth quarter results and the strong finish to the year. Local currency sales growth of 6% came in as expected. We are especially pleased with the strong broad based growth in our laboratory business. Overall, demand in our markets remains favorable and we are executing well. Our productivity initiatives continue to generate positive results, which drove another quarter of strong adjusted EPS growth. We are increasing our guidance for 2018 and believe we are well positioned for further market share gains in 2018 and beyond. Let me turn it to Bill to provide more details on the financial results.
Olivier Filliol: It was actually really broad based. Indeed, very happy how the Lab team performed. It's across the geographies. Certainly, China contributed very nicely. Just real estate in China, we have the seventh quarter here in a row where we have very good double digit growth in Lab. But we saw really good momentum also in Europe and U.S. I think it’s a reflection of the economy, but also very much that we had very strong product pipelines. We did highlight that about a year ago where I shared with you that I said I never had so much confidence in our new products and the differentiation of the [indiscernible], that certainly translates in good results. And then all the sales and marketing initiatives certainly contribute nicely in Lab, where the Field Turbo contributing as well as all the additional innovations that we have to engage new customers. So it’s a combination but definitely happy and I expect also '18 to continue to be good.
Olivier Filliol: Let me start with Europe. Overall, pleased with the numbers and generally in line with our expectations. As expected, region was down double digit, but were very much impacted also by previous year comparisons. It’s absent of retail, Europe grew 3% in the quarter. Again, solid growth already in the previous year. So that’s why we said it came out as expected, but actually also in a good way. In terms of counties, we have France and the Nordic region that did, for example, particularly well and we had also good growth in Eastern Europe. Lab had also particularly good growth in Europe. So all-in-all actually a good picture. If we go to Asia and then particular China, China certainly had a very strong quarter, as well as the full 2017, and expected -- also clearly my expectation, we did not expect that China would develop so well, when we entered the year. And certainly -- also when we end this Q4, we didn’t expect these results, very happy. The market environment is very strong, very good. And we benefit also from these pent-up demands that Bill mentioned that was certainly the case last year, Q4 maybe a little bit less so. This was particularly true for industry. Lab, we experienced multiple quarters as mentioned before seven quarters in a row with double-digit growth. I expect that to continue. As for several industries, we will now continue to experience the same growth rate. Here we're going to face tougher comparisons that will certainly play than in the second quarters of this year.
Olivier Filliol: The Stern Drive is really a program that allows us to continue to expand the margins similar to what we had in the past. It touches different topics. It touches productivity topics. It touches on material cost savings. And in essence, you shouldn't look at it as being an incremental program. It’s more supporting the margin expansion that we have also pursued in the past. But it makes it more sophisticated now, it makes it more global and it’s basically the next wave of excellence that we bring to operations.
Olivier Filliol: What's important to know is every Field Turbo is different and it's the payback period can make it change radically by geography and by type of business that we are focused on. So to illustrate it on a telesales person that telesales person might have reached breakeven point of the six months. But if we -- as a person for automated chemistry, it might take two years to build up the pipeline. So it varies. And the different ways that we are pursuing here have sometimes different entities, like two years ago we have strong entities on telesales. At this point, we have more emphasis on more sophisticated instrument sales people. And so we might have a little bit of longer payback period. But a good assumption is that of the one to two years, they reach to breakeven point. And so we definitely have a situation now where we are benefitting in terms of growth but also on profitability from the investments that we did one-two years ago.
Olivier Filliol: I think I would start and say our instruments typically are not that expensive and not so CapEx relevant. And so I would be cautious to see a direct impact here from the tax changes in the U.S. I think what we might see more medium to long term that there might be more investments in new labs, for example, in U.S. and we might benefit from that. But on a short basis, I don't think so. And if you talk about retail, actually retail is probably more impacted about the overall nervousness on the profit pool, and that actually would rather impact or slowdown their commitment to new investments in store upgrades and so on. So in a nutshell, I don’t see a big impact here.
Olivier Filliol: So the two acquisitions that you referred to one is Troemner that we did about a year ago and Biotix that we did a few months ago, happy on both. Actually Troemner had its first full year and exceeded our expectations, really happy. And Biotix had the first -- last quarter here, a very good performance too. So from a financial standpoint, happy about how things are growing. And in terms of integration or accumulation, also very happy good retention of the teams, good commitments of the teams. And Biotix team, which is a little bit new to us, we are very pleased by talent pool that we have seeing there, and there how we are talking about shared strategies going forward how we can leverage the global franchise and so on, so a promising start. When you refer to about the pipeline for further deals, the strategy remains the same. Of course, I'm happy that we could close here two attractive deals in the last 12 months. We had a period where we were not closing any deals. This is unpredictable and going forward, we’re going to pursue the same approaches both on acquisitions with good synergy potential. But the availability of deals is difficult to predict. But hopefully, one or the other deal will materialize.
Olivier Filliol: Service co growth in the quarter was 5% and yes -- for the full year it was 7%. And the contract business is doing actually really well. I don't know the number for Q4 separate, but I would be surprised if it wouldn’t be actually double-digit, because early in the year we looked at as we talked about it for you guys and we have really very good numbers, and the part that we also most focused on. The contract business is also outgrowing this past business because the quality of our products get better and better. And we shared with you that this is one of the things why we push the contract business the fixed business, including spares, we are not going to have the same growth dynamic and that’s certainly region wise. In the overall numbers, it’s difficult to see but the contract business would completely outgrow this 5% or 7% that we had for the year.
Bill Donnelly: So couple of thoughts there. So as you've correctly point out, Ross, comps matter so -- and the toughest comps we have coming in food. I think, we do see good order trends in industrial pretty globally and we do see good order trends with our industrial customers that buy lab instruments. The one area I think it's always tough to dissect come, which is tough comps. You also read that some of the food companies, packaged food companies, have some topics and it will be interesting to see what type of growth we can do. We've been conservative I think relative to past growth rates for that in 2018, but I think it will take a little bit of time to observe that. Absent maybe this food's comment about packaging where we might be a little cautious, I think we see great economic environment. We're talking it about today with our Board where it's part for Olivier and I remember a point in time where so many parts of the world were performing well. And we see that across our industrial customer base.
Bill Donnelly: Again I’ll try to answer your question Ross, but maybe come back if you don't think I understood it completely. So we would tend to say historically that many parts of the business, particularly industrial piece, might be a little late cycle. So we tend to do okay in the later part of that cycle. I think where we feel too unusual things is in China, in 2017. We clearly benefited from some of the pent up demand for hold backs in that part of the world on capital investment in that '15-'16 timeframe. And then in the product inspection business, there is we're currently the Q4, 2017, we're going up against 15% comp, which led to what we had here in the fourth quarter. And I think we have another double digit comp in Q1. So we would tend to think that if the economy stays relatively at this level even with maybe some modest leveling off here and there, the second half would seem pretty solid relative to our current guidance.
Bill Donnelly: So on the pricing, we were up about 280 bps in the fourth quarter, which was modestly above and we did push in one or two areas a little bit some of this inflationary pressure that you here described. So some of that -- and we did experienced some of that inflation by the way in material cost structure. So it’s not that all 280 bps fell to the bottom line. But we had another good quarter and really a good year and feel pretty good about our pricing process entering '18 as well.
Bill Donnelly: So we might need to take it offline. So our tax rate of 22% came right in where we are, so our adjusted EPS is in line with what we expected for the full year. The tax rate or adjusted EPS, we did take a charge related to the new law. The charge was round figures about 80% cash related 20% non-cash. And we would expect that we can maintain this 22% rate going forward and probably longer term, we have actually a much easier repatriation process than we would have otherwise. In terms of the share repurchase plan, I would expect us to purchase 475 next year, which is our current -- this year, which is our current estimate for free cash flow plus option proceeds.
Bill Donnelly: So I think the main thing was we were a little cautious about how much orders got pulled from Q4 into Q3 in connection with the party conference. So we finished -- we probably just did a little bit better in that regard or a little bit too conservative. And I would say the order trend was good, the start to the year was pretty good. I think that's one thing we're monitoring is the timing of the Chinese New Year was a little different. So while January was very strong, I think we'll have to see how that plays out by the time we get to the end of the first quarter. But I was down there last week, Olivier was down there in the fourth quarter and I think both of us feel very good about how the business is positioned there. And the Chinese team is pretty optimistic about their growth prospects and share gain prospects there. But it is realistically a tough comp, because the pent up demand topic we keep referring to.
Bill Donnelly: I would say the best one to look at is you guys are usually asking that question in terms of biopharma. And we clearly had a very nice growth in pipettes, as well as in our AutoChem business in the fourth quarter. But they are going to have a decent first quarter as well. So I would have said that we had a nice budget flush, but not a huge surprise either.
Bill Donnelly: So the decline in retail certainly helped. What probably hurt a bit was the decline in our European business. You'll remember that Europe is the part of the world where we have the highest percentage of direct sales. So in terms of the gross profit margin that makes a difference. We also had, because of the strong growth coming out of china and the disproportionate amount of industrial business we have there versus lab as compared to the rest of world. While China is accretive at the OP line it tends to be a little bit dilutive at the gross profit margin line. So if I look out at our growth rates next year, we certainly have the retail business growing below the corporate average, but pretty solid growth in all product categories, maybe a slightly less in Europe than the rest of the world. But of course we’ll get some benefit from Stern Drive. I think in terms of looking towards maybe recent trends and what we might expect to see in '18, I think the biggest difference is that currencies got to tend to inflate sales and inflate cost in a way that will reduce our gross margin as a percent, but actually benefited in terms of dollars of gross profit we’ll be able to deliver. So currency will help us, help us more in '18 than it did in '17 and way more than it did in the previous 10 years. So in that sense, it’s helpful but it will tend to dilute a little bit the percent.
Bill Donnelly: So we should be able to put up a mid single-digit growth in our core industrial business. And we did a little bit better than that in '17, but that’s largely due to the China industrial business it grew so much in 2017. And we see that one area now how good we are in measuring that pent up demand impact could be upside or downside to our guidance in this regard. But maybe connecting to our answer to our first question from Ross, I think we feel pretty good about the industrial environment in the western world. We feel actually good about it globally with maybe some comparison concerns when it comes to China. Was there -- I think I forgot this. I think you had a second part, Patrick, and I apologize I forgot.
Bill Donnelly: I think it's just this question of how well are we estimating the impact of pent up demand on the China numbers. That's the hardest one to predict.
Bill Donnelly: Yes, I guess if we look at our table, I'm struggling to give you -- I think through the logic of why that is. But yes, if we look at our model, which is bottoms-up, the short answer is yes.
Bill Donnelly: Realistically, it’s probably got to be a little bit more than that. But realistically, our material costs are going to be a little bit higher as well than we originally forecasted.
