Shawn Vadala: This is Shawn. I'll take that one. So in terms of price realization, pricing came in pretty much as expected, maybe slightly better, just north of 3% for the quarter, which resulted in an impact on the gross margin of about 140 basis points. Of course, we also benefited from sales volume as well, but both of those factors were offset by higher material costs as well as higher transportation costs. Overall, if you remember, like last quarter, we were - in Q4, the margin was down 110 basis points. And at that time, we're saying we thought that the gross margin in Q1 would be down at maybe a similar level. So overall, it's actually a little bit better than what we expected. As we kind of like look for towards the rest of the year, we kind of see our price realization continuing to improve, given increases in inflation that we've kind of continued to see here during the first quarter. We will continue to do things throughout the year as we deem appropriate. At the moment, we're kind of thinking that our overall gross margin will still be slightly down in Q2, maybe like in the 20 basis point kind of range. But then by the end of the year, we're expecting our gross margin to be positive probably in the 20 basis point range, maybe even 30 basis points for the full year. And kind of behind that, we would be assuming about a 4% price realization for the full year, which is a little bit better than what we were looking at last quarter when we spoke, which we were saying about 3.5%. And then I think it's also worth looking also at the operating margin. I mean if you look at - we're talking margins, it's also important to look at our full year operating margin, which we think currency neutral will be up about 100 basis points, which we're pretty happy with because that's pretty much the top end of our typical guidance. And the way currencies work in this environment, the actual number will actually be a little bit higher, but adjusted for currency will probably be 100 basis points.
Shawn Vadala: I mean, hey, I think we feel really good about our business. I mean, we came off of a very strong Q1, much better than what we expected. We - as we kind of observed our markets and we also observed the execution around the organization, we have a really great momentum on our initiatives, whether it's our sales and marketing initiatives, our service program is doing really well and then - and all the things that we do from an innovation perspective with product development, et cetera. I mean, we just feel like we have a lot of great things coming out. So the things that we control, we feel actually really good about. Of course, there is a lot more uncertainty in the world. and we'll see how things play out. But I think if you look at our multiyear CAGRs, we feel good about where we are in Q1, and we feel good about our guidance for the rest of the year. But we acknowledge there's uncertainty in the world, but we feel like we feel very good about our guidance.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure. Yes, no problem. Yes, I think you kind of answered it for us. I mean we had the Q1 beat, but then as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, foreign currency actually more than offset that. I mean if you - if we kind of go back three months ago, we were expecting about or estimating a 1% headwind to EPS in regard to currency, we're now estimating about a 3.5% headwind and a lot of that has to do with - well, there's a few things. One is the strengthening of the Swiss franc versus the euro, the second is the weakening of the Chinese renminbi versus the U.S. dollar. And then there's probably just this general factor of the strengthening of the dollar generally versus most countries in the world.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. In terms of the guidance, we're guiding lab to high single digit for the second quarter. As a reminder, we grew, I think, 45% in Q2 of last year in lab. And then for the full year, we're guiding approximately 10% for the full year in lab.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, it would be less than $1, Josh. But you're right, there's a little bit of a gap between those two numbers. And hey, I just think there's a lot of things that we're working on in the company where we can mitigate these things, whether it's productivity or other things we do with our margin program. So we feel like it's early enough in the year for us to make up that small gap.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, I mean, hey, Matt, this is Shawn. We're feeling -- I mean, it's interesting, despite what you read in the headlines. We're not hearing anything particular from our industrial customers. I mean, we had a really good first quarter and good momentum going into Q2. And we saw really good momentum, I would say, globally, particularly, including in China. Now, I don't want to pretend like we're immune to the economy, we're not. But I think if you just look at our business, we're just very well-positioned from a couple of perspectives. One is there's this trend in automation and digitalization that we talked a lot about and I mentioned in the prepared remarks. And I feel like that trend is really very well-positioned for that trend. And we just continue to see very strong momentum globally in that area. And so, I think that's a good one for us. And then I think, what we talked about in the past is in terms of Spinnaker, the ability to guide our sales force to the most attractive opportunities. And if you think about like the diversity in the market, as well as in our business, having that focus really makes a big difference. And I feel like our teams have done an excellent job over the last few years of really targeting these more attractive market segments. And if you look at the mix of the business, it's a better mix of business that it was five years ago, let alone 10 years ago. So a little bit less cyclical. But again, not immune to the economy, but probably less cyclical than it used to be. And then I think the teams have also done a really great job in terms of the product portfolio. If you just look at a lot of the things that we've been coming out with over the last few years, it really is been well received in the marketplace.
Shawn Vadala: We're always differentiating, like you say. But we are generally seeing, getting price in all the different product categories and markets. If I had to differentiate a little bit, I'd say, we get a little bit more on the laboratory side of the business. But I would say there's pockets of industrial where we've done exceptionally well also, so I really wouldn't want to try to differentiate that one too much. And then geographically, I'm really pleased with how we've performed globally in terms of price realization as well I wouldn't necessarily call anything else.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. I can take that. Look, on the supply chain, of course, we're still facing headwinds like many other companies as well. The majority of the headwinds are still coming from electronic components. There's a shortage in the market on several fronts. So we have to go into broker buys trying to mitigate it. Sometimes we have to redesign some of our boards to other alternative electronic components, et cetera. But overall, the manufacturing team and our supply chain team is handling the situation extremely well. Those headwinds, we think will remain for the remainder of the year. There's not a lot of hope that the, let's say, the parts issue and components issue will resolve throughout the year. So we are taking care of that again by our flexibility in terms of being able to really sign boards or to ultimately increase inventory for some of the critical components that we need for our boards. Otherwise, on transform and logistics, I mean, you see the same news that we are seeing. There's definitely in China, in Shanghai, we see a lot of vessels enterprise waiting in front of the poll to be unloaded. There will be some stress there as well. And be able to anticipate that the overall logistic challenges will not cool off in Q2, maybe towards the later part of the year, but it remains to be seen. But again, we are very confident in our ability for Q2 with what we have so far on the way, we think we will be able to feed on a few numbers.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. I'll start and then Shawn, feel free to chime in. So let me start with, again repeating the same as we get off to a great start. As I said, 16% growth in local currency. And that's an excellent growth of more than 40% in the prior year. And despite the challenges, that did you hear in the country via outlook for Q2, and for the full year is very good. And I think there are many factors that contribute to this. But it's diversity of our business in China, and that should not be overlooked. And we have very broad footprint in industry, very broad footprint in lab. And with that tremendous diversity in customers end markets and product lines. That's actually a great advantage, particularly when market conditions are more challenging like they are at the moment. So, the lock downs, as I mentioned in my remarks before this although it didn't affect us too much in Q1, given that a lot of major manufacturing centers are outside of Shanghai. And then, also our logistics hub in China has not -- was not materially impacted either in this quarter. So again, that gives us a lot of confidence for Q2 and Q3. We see strong interest in our products. We have a broad base portfolio that has in China still have a lot of demand for automation. On the lab side, a lot of demand for new products, especially about smaller labs and the bio labs. And data integrity, as I mentioned, is driving a lot of demand for our products. So, overall confident in China moving forward, because you also have a very strong team that applies our go-to-market strategy seamlessly. Our the Spinnaker sales to marketing opportunities, really looking for the hot segments in the market, like the battery segment and other stuff that we can clearly identify very early. We have AI bias mark-to-market search tools in place where we identify the customers that are going to invest using different data sources and the intelligence behind that we identify that. And then we have very dedicated sales force guidance tools in place to drive our sales force to these new investment targets. And then agility, I think, speaks little bit that that drives a lot of our growth that we see in China.
Patrick Kaltenbach: In terms of the guidance, Rachel, we're looking at high single-digit growth for Q2, that compares to 35% growth last year in Q2, and for the full year, we're still maintaining our full year guidance of approximately 10%.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. PendoTECH is performing extremely well. We are very, very happy with PendoTECH acquisition. It's clearly exceeding our expectation. If at all, I would say, we running sometimes hard in terms of our capacity, because there's such strong demand. But our team does an outstanding job and really trying to address all the customer demands that they're seeing. And we do not really see a slowdown in demand moving forward. So, really happy with the acquisition, integration is going really well. We could really leverage the synergies between Mettler-Toledo's go-to-market strength, the stronger manufacturing footprint, the buying power we have and bringing this smaller company and that was as an inflection point to reach out to a broader global market, that all came to fruition. So, extremely happy with the acquisition and how the integration is going. The same, by the way is to for the software company that we acquired last year Scale-up Systems, that also helps to drive a lot of sales in the AutoChem business and just choose that when you bring these smaller companies in, and you're the right partner for them with the right portfolio that again makes accelerated growth.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Thanks and I'm happy to take that question. So, regarding chip shortage, yes, I mean, I would say, the product line or the division that was most affected by it actually was our retail business, and I think we had no remark as well. And that has to do with the fact that we're using some specific chips that also used in the consumer industry for some of the displays, for example. There have been some significant shortage, which introduced delays for us. In other product areas, we could mitigate, mostly by broker buys, which drives up, of course, cost of goods, but we also try to compensate it on pricing, et cetera. So, to your question whether we see this easing up for the rest of the year? Not really. I think the market will remain to be hot on semiconductor and microprocessors. Again, that our agility to redesign boards and part of your R&D team is, of course, always busy in making sure that we have design alternatives in place to go to alternative microprocessors far more boards, wherever possible to make sure that we can fulfill customer demand, which is still very, very healthy.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. So, I'll just run down the divisions in the geographies for the quarter and full year just so that everybody ask that. So I'll start from the top and repeat lab. So lab, we said, high single digit for Q2, approximately 10% for the full year. For core industrial, our guidance is mid-to-high single digit growth for both Q2 and for the full year. For product inspection, our guidance is continues to be high single digit growth for both Q2 and for the full year. And for food retailing, our guidance is to be down low single digit in Q2, and to be down slightly for the full year. If we look at the geographies for Europe for Q2, is we're guiding low single digit, and for the full year, we're guiding low to mid single digit. Keep in mind that will be impacted a little bit by Russia. And then Americas will be up high single digit for Q2, and also for the full year. And then, for China, as I already mentioned, we're guiding high single digit for Q2, and approximately 10% for the full year.
