Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results. We will also provide an overview of our guidance for the fourth quarter and next year. I will have some additional comments and we will then open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page 3 of the presentation. We are pleased with our sales growth in the quarter, particularly in light of the very strong sales in the prior year. In the third quarter of this year, sales growth in Asia/Rest of World was excellent, driven by growth in China. In the Americas and Europe, sales growth in Laboratory and Industrial was good but, as expected, we had a meaningful decline in Food Retailing sales. Overall, demand in our markets remains good and we are pleased with our strong execution. Our productivity and margin initiatives continue to yield results which drove strong growth in EPS in the quarter. Our outlook for the remainder of the year and for 2018 is quite positive. We are also pleased to have completed the acquisition of Biotix. I will cover that in some more details later in the call. For now, let me turn it over to Bill to cover the financials.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yeah. Hey. So, China definitely exceeded our own expectations too, really, really happy. The market environment is very favorable. No question about that one, but our team also execute extremely well. All these growth programs that we have placed are paying dividends here. However, we need to realize we are benefiting also from pent-up demand, so this is very much true for the Industrial business. For Industrial, we have seen that a couple of quarters where we had a difficult performance, and now we see customers coming back. And so, there's definitely a timing topic in this and that's also the reason why we caution going forward about expectations, we're talking about high single-digit growth rates here for Q4 and certainly next year This is partially because of comparisons, but also because we don't expect to continue to benefit from this pent-up demand as we did. We did also mention on the call there was a timing question around the congress that they have, that could have modestly also benefited us. So, all in all, I think the situation that we have is – on the Lab, it continues to be very strong. Industrial, in particular, was an acceleration of growth, but not that specific one that will just stay that way. I think there we're going to see a more normalized growth going forward.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Hey there. It's still a little bit benefit of this fiscalization, particularly actually France is adopting it; in Germany, it's pretty much implemented and the benefit over for us; but in France, we will still have some. But I wouldn't attribute too much upside from that. I think more it's a question of timing of projects. Typically, in retail we have bigger projects and we do see that things should be more normal next year. This year, we faced, first, comparisons topics, and then a few things that got postponed.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yeah. The strategy that we pursue on M&A has been very consistent for many years. We always have a couple of opportunities that we are working on. We have quite a sophisticated approach to identify targets and we nurture them. And the availability for these targets is very difficult to predict. You have seen us, as you mentioned, doing the Biotix and Troemner, these were two acquisition in the Lab space. Before that, we did a few ones in the product inspection area, and process analytics would be the third business line where we are focused on opportunities. The fee (44:38) businesses offers additional acquisitions, they will certainly be all bolt-on. But it's not that I would feel like, oh, the track record of the last 12 months can be just extrapolated to the next 12 months. It's not – yeah, we'll see what comes, but again, I don't want to suggest that we will have every six months such a nice fate and such an attractive target as the last two that we could materialize here. But we will quite focus on opportunities, no question.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Okay. So first, as mentioned, they're in Mexico. So the labor costs are meaningfully lower, I think, in the area of 20% of what we have up in the Oakland area. But I do think there are opportunities for more automation than they have today. I don't think you'll see it looking exactly like the Rainin facility in that sense because of labor costs, but also because of a little bit of their business mix. It's smaller, so they probably have – let's call it shorter runs on the injection molding equipment than we might have at the Rainin facility. What I would say is that we're certainly hoping to work with Biotix to raise their growth profile. They should be able to grow faster than Rainin in the coming years. And there will be a lot of leverage in, and a big part of the synergies will be some of the leverage that will come in their manufacturing facilities from that additional growth.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So you have to look at it first maybe on the currency side in the context of we've had a currency headwind as a company for 10 years, and this is our first year of having one. So I don't know, maybe we feel like we finally got a present instead of coal in our Christmas stocking. I can't imagine that this will happen two years in a row or further improve from here. And I think the other comment is and we've been saying it for a while is since the end of 2016, just a global economy for our kind of company has been going really well. On the one hand, we're not trying to say that we see clouds on the horizon, but if I look back at my 20 years, I'd struggle to name a point in time where you had so many parts of the globe acting at a good level. And so, that would tend to tell me this has – we'll have some hiccups over time. I hope there are hiccups in the smaller economies that impact us or smaller sectors of the economy. So I think that my comment should be read in that way. It's not that we see a big cloud on the horizon, it's more of the, hey, it's really good out there and it's hard to imagine it getting better.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. For 4Q, but I would just comment that we're a short-cycle business, so yes, October orders were good, but Mettler-Toledo in total has, I don't know, a month and a half of backlog, so I wouldn't read too much into orders.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Okay. So first, I just want to clarify a little bit on our numbers, so what we're saying is our organic growth in the Americas was about 5%. And I think as we had talked about a little bit on our last call, we do see tougher comps in a number of our U.S. businesses. So, for example, our product inspection business had a very strong second half last year and that would – to maybe just mention one, kind of pulling out my sheets now in front of me. In 2016, yeah, we had a good quarter, but particularly a good quarter in product inspection at 10% growth. So, yeah. And then if you – our T&L business had – grew by – I think the number was 62% in the third quarter and that made for a little bit of tougher comp on the Industrial side.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. So, maybe two comments on the model. So, their market share is relatively slow, but we think by teaming up there's a couple of specific opportunities that we can work with them on that we're pretty confident there'll be a double-digit growth business for the next three years; and that if we run that kind of through the model with some of the synergies that Olivier mentioned, we could move their operating profit or EBITDA kind of margins up well into the 20s from where they are today and that would mean even almost double the profit growth, pre-tax profit growth for the business that we have as compared to sales growth. So, I think the return on invested capital, if we hit our model, which I think is pretty realistic, would be quite good in terms of returns here. But there – but just to be clear, and I maybe misheard you, the margins today at Biotix are meaningfully less than what we achieved at Rainin.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. So, in terms of our gross profit margin, we've assumed that within pricing we should be able to do 150 bps that – and that on the material cost side that we'll see some of this continued increasing commodities, but that we ought to be able to offset it. So, we kind of assumed a neutral material cost environment. And I would say though if it gets a little bit worse on the material cost side, we probably could push pricing a little bit more to compensate for that. So, I think that combination is a realistic one. And then, in terms of mix effects, I don't think that there's a big assumption one way or another. In terms of the overall gross profit margin, I think 50 bps is probably a good starting point based on today's currency. I think currency, just – because we have some top line benefit, the currency – I assume the currency might somewhat dilute the gross profit margin percentage even if it didn't hurt the dollars.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Okay. So, in terms of geographic breakdown, we see that Asia/Rest of World, we've built in something in that mid to high single-digit range assuming that China is a little bit of a tougher comp. For the Americas, we should grow mid single-digit organically and benefit – move up to high single-digits when you take in the impact of Biotix. And then, we're looking somewhere in that 2% to 4% range for Europe.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So – hey. There was a few pages to digest there, so we didn't quite get the model fully fired up. We actually had our board meeting today, so all the senior guys were tied up as well. So, I think, in terms of impact on our effective rate, a few highlights would tend to make me think there's no big upside, but no big downside either. I think the one that we were worried about when we first started talking about this was the border adjustability topic. And I guess, for a while now, we've known that won't be part of it. We're not a big beneficiary of cash parked overseas and trying to repatriate that. As you guys know, our tax rate already reflects full repatriation. I think one of the things we found interesting was that the rules around CapEx expensing would be retroactive to the end of September, I guess, or sometime in September. And that's probably helpful in terms of we wouldn't want people deferring purchases into next year, that would make the fourth quarter more complicated. So we assume that's a good thing, but that's more a sales topic than in terms of our income tax rate.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I would say it was in the 10% to 12% range. I think, if you count year-to-date through, let's say, last 12 month, the LTM ended September 30, and 2016, you probably get numbers in that range.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: And maybe just a few context so I think I'm answering your question, but if you want further clarification, let me know. You guys will remember back in 2015, our Industrial business was down by 20% in China, and then last year it had started to – it was pretty much flat for the first three quarters of the year and then started growing 12% in the fourth quarter. And then the first three quarters of this year, it's been coming up from that level. And I clearly – I think we all clearly think part of that growth rate in 2017 is the things that got deferred from 2015, this is what we referred to as pent-up demand. Now, we also had a pretty nice spike in our Lab business here in the third quarter and maybe some of that could be the result of the Communist Congress or People's Congress taking place. And in terms of what we – when we see this starting to get a little bit tougher as we already see now coming here in the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter was really a strong quarter for China. Last year, we grew by 15%, that was by far the strongest quarter we had in 2016 in China. Now we're saying that, hey, the comps will get tougher, we'll probably grow between 5% and 10% in the fourth quarter of this year. And I guess that's kind of the start of some of these tougher comps.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. So, I guess, the way we're looking at it is, you're right, the numbers for Q3, Q4 and 2018, if you look at the organic numbers, they're all kind of getting around to the same level. I think that if you pull out the Retail piece particularly, and I guess, if you look at our Q3 piece, we have quite a bit of growth coming out of China. We think that's got to go to a somewhat lower level. But we'll have – we see some pickups in other parts of the business. I think we're happy with our mix kind of globally as well as by product category. We're getting the growth in the right places and we're optimistic for 2018.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So, about 2.5 points of price gain in the quarter and about half that was the impact on gross profit margin.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: About 475 million, I think we said on the call about 0.5 billion. So, I think precisely it's about 475 million, I think, today.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Sure. So, we've built in an assumption around incremental operating margins with our typical something north of 30% on a currency-neutral basis. And if you look into what are the details that make that up, you would see that we've built in productivity assumptions in both our SG&A area as well as in our factory supply chain. Those numbers would approach probably high-single-digit millions, but we're also making investments in Field Turbos and other activities, so not all of that's falling to the bottom line. So, maybe that gives you some sense of what's in there. I think in terms of modeling purposes, you can assume this typical Mettler incremental operating margins in the mid-30s, high-30s depending on currency.
