Patrick Kaltenbach: Thanks Adam and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining our call that we are doing from Switzerland. 2022 was another year where our company’s unique strength and culture of execution led to strong performance and success in overcoming significant external challenges. Our teams’ resilience and agility to quickly react and adapt to the changing environment allowed us to meet customer demand, gain market share, and deliver robust financial results. We also finished the year with excellent sales growth in the fourth quarter and benefited from very good broad-based growth across geographic regions and product categories. The highlights of the fourth quarter performance are detailed on Page 3 of the presentation. Local currency sales in the quarter increased 9% as compared to the prior year with broad-based growth across all regions and most of our product portfolio. Strong sales growth combined with benefits from our margin initiatives and good cost control contributed to excellent growth in adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS, offsetting very significant currency headwinds.  As we look ahead to this year, we expect continued uncertainty regarding the global economy and face challenging multi-year sales growth comparisons. I’m confident that the diligent execution of our growth and productivity initiatives will again position us very well to gain market share and deliver solid financial results. Later, I will have some additional comments on our business, but let me now turn it to Shawn to cover financials and the guidance.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, look - we are very proud of our fourth quarter results, of course. The team performed extremely well across the regions and across the product portfolio. I would say what you have seen is again Mettler in action. We have demonstrated that we can go after the market opportunities as they arise. There has been, I would say, not much better market momentum than we predicted, but we have been really capable to act on the opportunities that are out there. Europe has performed stronger, as Shawn already indicated in his remarks. We have seen good opportunities despite the headwinds we have seen from not shipping products to Russia. Europe grew excluding Russia 13% on a best compare against the prior quarter, and again that is also driven by the fact that we really were capable to capture opportunities out there. There is not--I would say market conditions have not changed compared to what we had seen last year. We have seen some reluctance in Europe, for example, in the PI business - customers are more cautious spending dollars right now, they extend time of some of the projects, but we were able really to get everything that was out there and turning all the orders in sales. Our supply chain team executed very well getting over some of the remaining issues we had seen in the supply chain. We had really short shipment times and it all helped us to really perform extremely well in Q4.
Patrick Kaltenbach: No, I think you covered it really well. Again, we have a strong team in China, a long history in China. The team has executed very well using the same go-to-market strategies and tools that we used in the rest of the world very efficiently. As you said, I’m very confident about the mid to long term performance in China, and who knows what’s coming out of any stimulus. It might be a bit more biased towards the real estate market - we don’t know yet, but I think it will also cover a good part of the five-year plan, which means investing into health, investing into important technologies where we all play well.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, I can cover this. Good morning Jack. Look, as you said, we are really, really happy with the performance of product inspection in the fourth quarter. We gained momentum. I think we were a bit more cautious getting into the quarter but we saw especially good momentum in the U.S. and a bit better performance than expected in Europe, but we are still cautious, as I said before, about Europe. Of course, increasing our installed based on products will continue to drive also more service business. Service is a really important part of that, and our service coverage, especially in the U.S., is exceptional compared to many of our competitors and gives us a clear advantage in product inspection. We continue to build out our service offering in terms of the level of services we can provide also for this product portfolio, and again as we also launch new products, including now also more mid-range products addressing more of the mid-market needs of products, we are also going after more market share with instrumentation which will afterwards continue to drive more services. The area, the region where we had probably still more happen was also in China. Given COVID-19, there was not a lot of momentum in PI in the fourth quarter. While we saw some good adoption of the new product that we launched for mid-range, overall the market there was still suffering from the pandemic. But also there, I would say moving forward, we see opportunity of course of building more market momentum in that domain as well, but the U.S. is by far the biggest and most important market and very well covered by our service business there, of course. Europe is the second biggest part and continuing to build out also China and Asia-Pacific.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, thanks Matt. Really good question. Yes, as I pointed out at the investor day, it is important for us to continue to drive that mix more towards services on a contract, and the team is working hard on that, the telesales team and the sales team of course, working on continuously also bringing new--our new service story to our customers, including the new service offerings that we have, ensuring that our sales team and our customers understand the benefits of being under contract, what it means to them in terms of preventative maintenance, of uptime, response demand for service, 24/7 availability, etc.  I see actually good momentum. I think we have made good progress over the last two years or three years in moving more of our services under contract, and it starts always at the point of sale, making sure that when we sell a product, we can have--our sales person can have an educated discussion with the customer of the benefits of being under contract. At the same time, we have increased the portfolio of services that we offer, as I mentioned before, from basic to comprehensive services, and that makes it also easier and more attractive to our customers to select a service contract. I see the shift ongoing and we are working on that, because in the end, it’s again a big win-win for both the customers and ourselves. As I said, we have the data analytics behind it, we know that customers under service contract are more likely to buy from us again because they have seen the full benefit of our offering, and for us it also helps us, of course, to drive more efficiency in services. It helps us to be more effective in scheduling services, making sure we optimize the coverage of our service and the timing when we can do services, and make sure the service technicians that we have are working most efficiently. Expect a continued increase there in terms of service coverage. It’s again beneficial both for us as a company but also a strong win for the customer.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, and back to your question regarding the service opportunity overall, of course we have millions of instruments in our database and that is a very competitive advantage for us to have that visibility. Our served market for services is over $3 billion, so we have significant opportunity to expand our market share in there as well. If you look at the total share of instruments of the installed base, of course you never know--we know to a good extent about which instruments are still under operation and then, based on the lifetime inspections and the database we have for instruments, we make some assumptions in terms of how many instruments otherwise would be still operational, but we think it’s probably more than 60% of the instruments out there are not yet under full service coverage from us.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, let me add there, Shawn. On the pipette business itself, we have seen good growth on pipette instruments also in Q3 and throughout 2022, and also we see continued good growth in service pipette business, so it’s really the pipette tip business that has been suffering, and that’s of course also due to the ramp down of testing, etc. out there.  With the increased number of instruments that we sell, single use pipettes, etc., and the increased service business, I think we are quite confident that as we see the demand for pipettes, that also the demand for pipette tips will continue to go up.
Patrick Kaltenbach: What we are working on, Catherine, what we are working on is, again, continued increase of the attach rate. What we changed last year is the entire quoting process. Before, our sales people had to actively quote services and had to look up in a catalog what services we could offer, what dedicated products. Now, it’s an automatic part of the quoting process, and if a sales person wouldn’t be able to sell services, they also have to give us some justification why they couldn’t, and that also helps us then to improve again the marketing collateral behind services and making sure that we make a better job of selling the value of services. We continue to really make sure that we pull all levers to make sure our customers understand the benefit of service contracts. The overall attach rate, I think is in the range of--it’s actually hard to say, I’ll have to look up that number and get back to you, probably on one of the next calls. But for me, the most important message, really, is that we continue to see an increase.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, I think it’s multiple factors. Packaged food is definitely one of them, clearly, again because this is high capex investment and it’s one of the few product categories where it’s really more in the high capex side. But we also have seen some of our customers being more reluctant, and we have seen this in Q4 and we see this continuing into Q1. They are all looking at the market situation right now and they all want to see how it plays out. Fortunately, as I said, the impact of a potential energy shortage in Europe has not yet played out, and hopefully we will get through the winter without some major issues and that will then hopefully also increase overall market confidence.  Otherwise in the European market, for us it’s also--look, we have been very successful over the last couple of years. We also have been quite successful in Q4, so in the second half will also be a tougher compare for us. That’s why we are thinking currently about for Europe more in the low single digits for 2023.
Patrick Kaltenbach: I’ll get started on this. Look, actually I’m very proud that we really have a lot of opportunities in our business to drive more products to the market, and the success of our business really also relies on driving innovation to market. This year we brought a lot of great products to the market, helping our customers in the domain of automation, digitalization, compliance, etc., both on the hardware and software portfolio that we launched.  We actually launched internally a program that we call our accelerator program, where we look at our pipeline of R&D projects that we have across the company and selected a number of really high potential projects that we are accelerated with additional funding, and that’s part of the increase that you also see there on the R&D line.  Again for us, on the leadership team, we’ve made a very conscious decision, saying using the success that we have as a company to accelerate products and bringing even more horsepower to the street and making sure that we get stuff to our customers which we know will help them to drive more productivity, help them to drive better insights into the research they are doing, and I’m actually really excited and really proud that we could do that.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, very good question, Liza. On M&A, we didn’t change our strategy at all. We are still looking at tuck-in acquisitions, bolt-on acquisitions that complement us both--either on the technology side, technology that we do not own today but think is important for us to complement our portfolio, or giving us market access in areas where we don’t play PendoTECH was an example of that, where we said we wanted to go more into downstream bioprocessing and have the right solutions for our customers. We also made last year a strategic acquisition in the area of software, complementing our autochem business with Scale-up Systems, which is a very important software capability for us to help customers scaling up from R&D to manufacturing. It gives us really also a unique value proposition there.  Then end of the year, we acquired also a smaller lab business called [indiscernible] in Germany, $10 million revenues, but also with products that we think really we should have in the portfolio, and that’s the way I envision to continue this. We really look for the right opportunities. Given the strength we have as a business, we can be very selective in what companies we want to acquire. I think Mettler is a leader with an outstanding platform for these companies who look for either global access to market, which we have, or for the strength that we have in terms of supply chain to help them to really accelerate their go-to-market, but it needs to be really something that is missing in our portfolio.  We don’t have to make M&A to grow. We have a strong organic engine, but I’m very interested of course in opportunities to get us into the fast growing market segments, like we have in biopharma for example. It was one of the reasons why we acquired PendoTECH.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, absolutely Shawn, and think again, as I said before, some good indicators for us is the demand for our pipette itself, for the instruments. It should give us continued growth. We are playing very well in the biopharma research space with our product portfolio, so the COVID tailwinds, I think will hopefully not be any topic for us as we go into the second half of the year. The rest of the portfolio that we have in consumables, the sensors that go into biopharma, some of their probe sensors or even some of the lab products, have consumables. They are still doing quite well.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, absolutely. I only can confirm that semiconductor issues that we talked about last year are mostly behind us with very few exceptions. The team has been also very agile to change some of the designs of the instruments so we are not so dependent on some of the exotic components there. But clearly, our supply chain is--I would say it’s almost back to normal in terms of transportation times, availability of materials, and that should not get in our way to make a successful business in 2023.
Shawn Vadala: No, I think if you look at it, of course there’s an element of caution, just given that we have these difficult multi-year comparisons that we referred to, and there is uncertainty. But I think there’s a couple dynamics that are important to reflect on, too. The first is that when we look at pricing in terms of the cadence of pricing, we’re going to have better higher pricing in the first half of the year than the second half, but we’ll probably have better volume growth in the second half of the year versus the first half, so that’s one topic. Then another is we’ll probably do a little bit better on the retail business in the first quarter.  Maybe this is a good time, I’ll just kind of walk through the different pieces of the business and you’d kind of see that retail will have a little bit of a benefit here in Q1. As we’re thinking about the first quarter, we’re thinking about mid-single digit growth in lab and we’re thinking mid to high single digit growth for the full year. For core industrial, we’re thinking mid single digit growth for Q1 and we’re also thinking low to mid single digit growth for the full year. We’re thinking product inspection mid single digit growth for Q1 and low to mid single digit growth for the full year, and then here we get to retail, we’re looking at high teens, so we’re going to benefit from strong project activity in Q1. Now keep in mind, retail is still only about 5% of our business, but you get a sense for it. But then for the full year, we’re still thinking in the mid to high single digit range for retail. Then from a geographic perspective, we’re looking at mid single digit for Q1 and for the full year for Americas. For Europe, we’re looking at mid single digit for Q1 and low single digit for the full year, so that’s us being maybe a little bit cautious on Europe and also acknowledging multi-year comparisons, especially if you exclude Russia - I think we grew 13% in the fourth quarter of this past year. Then for China, we’re looking at mid single digit growth for Q1 and high single digit growth for the full year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, I mean, our guidance for the full year is unchanged at 4%. I would say we actually finished the year a little bit better than what we were expecting. We had a very strong finish in Q4 with something in more the 7% kind of range, and so we’ll probably get off to--I expect to get off to a good start here in Q1 with something more in maybe the 6% kind of range, but then we’ll kind of moderate into the second half of the year as we start lapping a lot of these pricing actions that we did to combat inflation during the course of 2022. In terms of differentiation, I’d say lab always does--nothing significant to point out, but I’d say lab tends to do a little bit better than the rest of the portfolio, and then we tend to do maybe a little bit better in the developed countries than we do in the emerging countries.
Shawn Vadala: In terms of trends, we saw improvement both in service and the product business, Jack, kind of going from Q3 to Q4, but service has been growing faster than product this year.
Shawn Vadala: For lab, we’re talking--if I said it incorrectly, I apologize. We expect to grow mid to high single digits for the full year, which is consistent with what we said before. For Q1, we’re at mid single digit, and Q1 is going to be a little bit impacted by some of the topics like pipette tips and customer stocking, so.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, I think we--if you look at it, we’ve always been concerned a bit by multi-year comparisons and uncertainty in the macro, and I don’t think it’s really that different than what we’ve been saying about the full year results. I think right now, it’s a new year, we’re very early in the year. I think we need to see how the next couple months play out and then we’ll be able to have a lot more insight in terms of how not only the first quarter went but how the year starts to have--what kind of momentum we have going into Q2 and the rest of the year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, good question. Our free cash flow, you might not remember but we updated our guidance for that last quarter, so we actually came in line with our revised guidance from last quarter and we revised down 2022 primarily because we were carrying more inventory in--or we carried more inventory in 2022, giving more safety stocks just to kind of mitigate some of the challenges in the global supply chain. As we look towards 2023, we expect to benefit and reduce a lot of those inventory levels, and so you’ll see from a one-year growth perspective, you’ll see pretty significant growth but a lot of it has to do with timing of working capital.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, so our consumables business, in terms of total mix on the business, is about 10% in the quarter. For the full year, it was about 12% of our business. Consumables, as a reminder for everybody, about half of that is probably pipette tips and then the other half is a combination of process analytic sensors, as well as other consumables for other categories.  As a total group, consumables were down about 5% in the quarter, and for the full year they were up 5%. But if you kind of dug into the details, of course, the one area where we saw a decline was pipette tips, which would have been down over 20% in the quarter, and that’s topic related to customer stocking that you’ve heard about from other companies. Fortunately for us, it’s not a significant impact to our overall results, and we’ll probably continue to see that trend play out here in the first quarter and maybe even in the Q2.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure. If we look at our--you know, rather than going through each line, maybe I’ll give you a little bit of flavor in terms of gross profit and then, of course, there’s a lot of other ingredients in terms of R&D and SG&A. But in terms of the first quarter, we’re looking at gross margin expansion of about 140 basis points, and for the full year we’re looking at about 100 basis points, so that number is a little bit lower than the last time we spoke and the reason is it purely--you know, almost entirely related to just currency translation. On a currency neutral basis, it’s pretty consistent with our previous guidance. Then for the full year, our operating margin’s up 190 basis points, and then for the full year we’re estimating about 130 basis points.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure. Maybe I’ll go first, then I’ll let Patrick go second. I’d say I don’t have it quantified in terms of precision, but you’re right - we expect our service business to grow faster than our product business over the medium to long term, and our service business has operating margins that are higher than our corporate average.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure Brandon. For Q4, lab was up over--I’m sorry, I’m looking at the wrong year here, but still good results. Lab was up about 20% in the fourth quarter and industrial was up low single digits. As we look towards 2023, we’re expecting double digit growth in lab for the first quarter and the full year, and we’re expecting industrial to be more flattish, you can imagine more impacted by some of the disruptions over the last few months. Then for the full year, we’re a little bit more conservative there with low to mid single digit growth, so obviously expecting more growth in the second half of the year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, so for the quarter, Brandon, if you play out the math, the data points that I kind of mentioned earlier, that’s probably in the 1% or so to the group, so it probably would have been in the 2% or more to the lab division and probably looking at similar type trends here in the first quarter. Then at some point, we expect it to stabilize during the second quarter. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes, I’d say we’re coming off a period of a lot of growth in that business, Mike. We still feel really good, though - the business is well positioned, it’s a better mix of business than it used to be. Like we’ve talked a lot about over the past year, a lot more in what we would call the more attractive segments of the market, like more anchored towards pharma, food manufacturing and chemical, which is primarily speciality chemical for us. This business also benefits from some of these hot segments that we talk about, like lithium battery, and then just these trends in automation and digitalization, which we continue to see really holding up during a deteriorating macro environment over the last few months. Historically, it is the business that’s most susceptible to the macro, so we still keep an eye on it. We were really pleased in the fourth quarter that we saw good growth in each region, which I think is good. It’s important to see each region of the world growing, but we’re certainly a little bit more cautious as we kind of look to 2023 - it’s early in the year. China is a big part of this business, so I think it will be important for us to get through the first quarter, see how things look, and then we’ll have maybe some better visibility into the rest of the year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, so it’s at least a two-year dynamic. We took it down for 2022. We feel comfortable we can hold it for 2023. As we look to 2024, I think there could be some upward pressure on the rate. It’s still a little early for us to kind of communicate anything, but it could be something in the 1% to 2% kind of range. But we’ll obviously know a lot more towards the end of this year and when we provide guidance for next year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, hey Rachel. I don’t have the specific breakout for the full year. I would say I’d probably expect to see a similar result in Q1 as we saw here in Q4 overall for consumables, then I would certainly expect to see some growth in the second half of the year. But I don’t have anything specific in mind in terms of exactly what that would be, but definitely would expect us to return to growth in the second half of the year.
Shawn Vadala: We still see that as a really good opportunity for the company in the medium to long term, but in terms of 2023, we didn’t really build anything specific into our guidance.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, thanks Patrick. I’ll start and then I’ll let Patrick maybe a few comments as well too here. But yes, we definitely have seen a lot of improvement in the supply chain, in particular on the transportation side, like just the time to go from one country to another is--the lead times are, I think, pretty close to back to normal at this point in time, so that’s been great. Then in terms of availability of components, there’s still a topic here or there, but I’d say the noise level is significantly lower than what we were seeing six months ago.
Shawn Vadala: Maybe just one final comment on that one is we’re really proud of our team. The supply chain, I think really has been a competitive advantage for us over the last few years, and just the collaboration around the global organization and the culture has just been really amazing to observe from the inside. I think it, frankly, helped us gain some share along the way and enhance our brand.
