Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. We ended the year with a solid fourth quarter. Market conditions throughout the world developed as we expected and I’m very pleased with our continued strong execution. Growth in the Americas was very strong and broad-based. Europe had good growth in laboratory instruments, which was somewhat hidden by a decline in retail due to strong prior year comparisons. Sales in China and Brazil declined meaningfully in the quarter, while Russia’s decline was modest. Growth in emerging market outside these countries was solid. Overall, we continue to gain share through our field turbo program, Spinnaker marketing initiatives and our exciting product offering. With strong execution on our margin enhancement and productivity improvement program we again had good margin expansion in the quarter. Despite the challenging currency environment in the quarter and for the full year 2015, we delivered 10% EPS growth, which equates to 15% before the estimated impact of currencies. We are pleased with these results, particularly given the headwinds from currency and certain emerging markets. Equally important, we continue to make investments for growth, which position us well for 2016 and beyond. Now, let me turn it to Bill to cover the numbers.
Olivier Filliol: Okay I expect 2016 a little bit what we have also seen in 2015 we had in 2015 actually good profits of growth in the Lab area and particularly in the area that is not exposed to the industrial world. I expect that to go on. I do on the industrial piece however also expect that the challenge goes on in 2016, the challenge that we have experienced last year is that there is overcapacity in many of our end-user industries that we serve. And the overcapacity remains and the high volatility that we just see in general in China is going on. It is today probably too early to really have a good outlook for China, we want to see kind of Chinese New Year and how the business starts after that and we will certainly have a higher confidence level in our outlook when we talk next time about China and so May time is certainly giving us then better visibility, we saw that also last year the impact of how business does before and after Chinese New Year is actually quite important.
Olivier Filliol: So Food Retail I think important this is really to this -- our solution going to the big food retails’ key accounts around the world and we have seen a decline here in Q4, but that was expected actually we did talk about this happening because we had a strong previous year and particularly in Europe we had one or two big projects. And for 2016, we expect also some declines in Food Retail that's because we have talked about key accounts and they plan their rollout actually a couple of quarters in advance, so we have a certain visibility about the big project. And just the way it is coming together makes us believe that 2016 will be more difficult. But I want also to remind the way we're running this retail, my strategic standpoint is really a focus on some profitability and not just on the growth and we accept in that sense also the volatility that we have in that business, but I did highlight in my prepared remarks that I am really happy to have the profitability is developing of this business. So I feel we're on a good track and I am not irritated by the fact that we expect some sales decline for that business.
Olivier Filliol: It's an interesting question in the sense that I have been observing a little bit the chemical industry in particular who could be one of the beneficiary of the plastic industry as well. I don’t see strong signals yet and in that sense I don’t have much expectation that we are really going to benefit from this. And I would say that is probably a general comment, we don’t see that many consumers or industry segments that are really benefiting from the lower oil prices.
Olivier Filliol: I think, I would also add, it’s not easy to look at a trend on the monthly basis. A month can be impacted by bigger projects and number of working days and so on, so we don’t necessarily look at monthly results to identify a trend, I think we prefer to take averages across at least three months, if not six months.
Olivier Filliol: The fifth wave will not bring big revolutions. It's like the first four waves evolution. So we are strengthening all the different dimensions that we have been working on and bringing some additional sophistication. So topics around key account management, iBase management, the installed base topic all will remain in the center. I think where we get a little bit more sophisticated is in the area of big data analytics and leveraging it for sales and marketing initiatives. And the example that I used in the prepared remarks, we're going in that direction is that we're really applying more sophisticated analytics to the information that we have on the millions of installed instruments and the analytics allows us to better recognize the potential and based on the potential also use the right go to market approach. So meaning understanding, if this is an opportunity where we use telesales or are we using a field sales person and with what kind of value proposition we approach the customers. And there is certainly an area where we bring more sophistication with this fifth wave of Spinnaker.
Olivier Filliol: So, as we discussed it on the November call, we have done a very successful wave of field turbo in 2015 and we want to repeat that into 2016, we're on track to implement about the same amount in terms of additional resources so roughly 200 field resources. We are very encouraged by the results that we had last year and we also want to approach it in a similar way this year in terms of funding it also through cost measures that we have in other areas of the company. And the projects or the field additions are very similar to last year in terms of the business priorities, but of course and the territories might be different, but the geographic focus remains on the markets that have reasonable growth momentum. And we're adding again quite a sizable number of resources in Americas and as well as selectively in Europe and yes.
Olivier Filliol: So if we exclude China for a minute, in all the other emerging markets I wouldn't talk too much industry specific. I think actually it's more the geography than the industry. And when we talk about Brazil and Russia the challenges and the headwinds we had last year it's actually very difficult to attribute to that to a certain industry segment. We saw it actually pretty much grow across the business lines, and across industry segments. And what we are seeing is however that across the different emerging markets there are big differences, we have seen actually emerging markets that did very well for us. And we talked India, Mexico did well, Southeast Asia did actually well. And so we have multiple emerging markets that did well last year and I expect actually that this year it's also going to be mixed. We are going to have emerging markets that do well and they are going to be emerging markets that will be more challenging. Partially, I would attribute the good results that we had in certain emerging markets last year to an excellent performance by our local teams. With some highlights countries like Mexico and Southeast Asia that did really exceptionally well and that’s certainly also attributable to programs that we have in place. Some of the emerging markets, and the economic environment might be a little bit more challenging but we consciously want to invest in these markets because we believe also in the long term I would name here for example Turkey but also Indonesia, and Vietnam and so on where you can see a certain cool down from an macroeconomic environment, nonetheless, we continue to invest there because we feel we can win market share and in the long term these economies will continue to develop well.
Olivier Filliol: Okay. I think we need to differentiate here between resources and cost base that we have that is associated with producing products and with serving local markets. When we talk about the cost base that we have in Switzerland and the currency exposure this wasn’t the cost associated with serving Switzerland and the market but actually in terms of having a cost base because we do R&D product development and production in Switzerland. And this is true for Switzerland this true for our manufacturing base in China and so on, but we don’t have this strengthening of a currency that is a headwind except in Switzerland until this was specific to Switzerland. And now, in the order markets of where we serve a country and there is currency exposure. We do a little bit cost measure specifically it's more on the pricing side that we would actually work. And with one big exception and that’s China. In China, we have taken cost measures not because of currency but because of market dynamics. And there it is very much about resource shifting, and we have business lines that have growth prospects in orders. So, probably not surprising we have done restructuring in the industrial business in China as for the lab business we continue to invest into it as we are adding resources.
Olivier Filliol: So, the bets testing wouldn’t necessary apply to Spinnaker the way we develop things is we go out to -- on the different market organization and we study different best practices. And when we see that we have a best practice of certain sophistication in an approach and so when we qualify that as a tool box with qualified and training and then we roll it out. So, in that sense it's not beta testing, it's already reality. We have these pilots these crusaders of teams out there that have done good stuff that we are scaling up and rolling out. The scale up takes place over to about a year, and we go and normally with these more sophisticated levels to the countries that are more mature. And then we follow-up with the other countries and there a few things that we drive from the center rather than bottom up from the units, like the big data analytics things there are from the center. And there I would say yes, we start with prototypes and then we industrialize the things so there I am with you with the beta testing. I feel comfortable where we stand on that one and I know we’re going to have the results out of it.
Olivier Filliol: Yes, that’s correct. In this area it is also about we really try to innovate in this area. As we try to come up with new approaches, tools, and technology tools, databases and all that stuff that we are combining. And there is a very small team that is leading the thinking process on that one. And that’s the prototype part and when we have cracked that analytics, scaling it up afterwards or industrializing is normally not the challenging part.
Olivier Filliol: No. In the sense that, we need to constantly come out with product innovations, upgrades to existing products and so on and that is just part of our business model and it’s typically an individual product helps us to increase pricing and have better models and keep the growth growing. But it’s not that it’s going to really change our overall number. An individual product will not really change the needle.
Olivier Filliol: In the new product categories it typically takes multiple quarters that is adds up to millions of dollars. Yes it is actually Bill corrected me make it years. So we need to be realistic on that one. Even, yes what I have seen when we expanded new product categories after 5-10 years, it becomes really something effective, so yes that is it.
Olivier Filliol: I mean first I would clearly say North America it is much more healthy in terms of economy that Europe, definitely. But I want also to say that I’m very happy with the results than we had in Europe last year. Particularly if I look at the two year phase and then if you exclude Russia and that is something that has to do in Q4 kind of a, as exclude retail. It’s actually a good performance. So nevertheless, Americas did even better and I expect 2016 to be the same Americas have more dynamic than Europe. In terms of team performance, in terms of share gain actually similar.
Olivier Filliol: Okay. First on the macro, I would differentiate a little bit by geography. The long-term trends are very favorable across the world for this business segment and we're extremely well positioned. But there are temporary things happening for example China we clearly see that also the food industry is holding back. There is an overcapacity and the whole food industry is challenged right now in China also in terms of margins. So you see the big foreign companies but also local companies like MasterCom as well cutting back significant off their CapEx and that impacts our product inspection business. And while in U.S. for example we have very good data again we had very good growth for example last year. And so I would say globally and long-term very favorable, short-term we need differences by geographies. In terms of our market position, we have an excellent position because we are the leader in all the core technologies. We are a leader across the globe as typically we have competitors that are more regional and typically in one or the other technology. In terms of technology development, the check weighing and metal detection business is a relatively mature technology. The x-ray technology is still at an adoption rate that is growing meaning that not all the production lines are equipped today with x-ray technology even in western markets as part of a metal detection that is a more mature technology and has been widely applied and so we leave our supply from replacement business. And then the fourth technology is vision inspection, vision inspection has multiple applications and that's one that is more developing and it's more than early stage and also for us it's still a smaller and will hopefully develop well over the next 5-10 years.
Olivier Filliol: It is actually 150 basis points, so it's about the same that we guided over back in November. We feel comfortable with that even that the macroeconomic environment might have changed a little bit I feel comfortable that we can execute on that one.
Olivier Filliol: No, it is actually it has much more to do with the customers. We have good differentiated products and as long as we do price increases every year actually we operate almost the load at radar and they accept that. And of course we differentiate significantly across the world by geography as well as the business lines. And we are going to execute it in a similar way as we did in the past. Of course every year it is getting a little bit more sophisticated but the approaches that we used to it is very similar. And it is a line that I haven’t used many times but the biggest obstacle for price increases are often not the customers but our internal organization sales people and that is something we can work on and can control, so, I feel comparable from that end.
Bill Donnelly: So I would start with the global economy, right. We have certain assumptions about how the world should play out. We’re using the same data that you guys are seeing the same information that you guys are. We continue to be a little worried about some of the emerging markets. We also see some weakness in some manufacturing data, which impacts our business. I mean, I would qualify that to say, if you dig a layer deeper into that, you would see that actually some areas like food and chemical or actually there is more, those are the more positive ones for example within those are actually growth areas within the U.S. PMI number as opposed to for example the oil and gas area or metals area are much more difficult at this time. Second area would be currency, I think we’ve all experience together ourselves the peer companies the new guys. How currencies can move things around and we have an assumption based on where rates are basically today. And if those should continue, if the economy should continue, we would feel good about our guidance for 2016 and I would highlight Olivier and I both feel that the things we can control, the execution of our business plan are things that we feel very good about for 2016.
Bill Donnelly: So still think the 150 basis point is a good assumption here and even that macro-environment inflation and so on wouldn't necessarily suggest that it's an environment for price increases and we feel definitely comfortable with that. And our customers ban you, they ban your ad that our products are brining, we have well differentiated solutions. And this allows us also to have some pricing increases and we do that in a differentiated way across the world. We do it differentiated across the product lines and the tools that we have in place, the processes that we have in place should really enable us to increase prices independent of the macroeconomic environment. You might also recall that we did breakout price increases even in economic crises I feel we can do also price increases in low inflation environment.
Bill Donnelly: Yes, so our focus is still very much on this topic and what maybe phrased as a more broadly of course we want to sell more service contract at the point of sales. So, we have efforts here that first we always include service in our courts. And then we train and incentivize our sales people to really also convert on that. That’s an ongoing effort and the big benefit comes when we cumulate all the contract business over many years. But in parallel we have actually very significant efforts to grow on the whole installed base and make sure that we can capture as much of the installed base on the service contract. So, I want to make sure that we emphasize really both things. We are making good progress but I would want also to strength up on that it is a journey the service business growing the service business and particular the contract business is every quarter of every year capturing a few hundreds of additional customers. It's not just a bold strategy that you can implement within one or two years.
Bill Donnelly: So, as you know we've bought a little bit more in the share repurchase program and our free cash flow this past year we are going to do that again in 2016. And I think beyond that period of time I think we'll comment 12 months from now or something.
Bill Donnelly: Sure. So, just to clarify there has not been any change in the OpEx environment since we last talked to guys in November, I mean there have been changes but they have basically netted out. In terms of the Swiss franc hedges, they will -- we have less of them this year. I think we were protecting maybe 85% of our exposure in 2015, that dropped to about 70% this year and then falls off completely in 2017 and the impact of it falling out completely is about $5 million or so.
Bill Donnelly: I wouldn’t read too much into that, we gave a guidance of 3% to 4%. We said 4% for the full year, we said 4% for Q1, I think in it very much reflects our more detailed look at how comps are going to go in particularly we see China has probably got to do a little better in Q1 then we expected it to do for the full year and I think that is largely explained by some specific comp considerations that they had. So I’m careful I think the word you used to position, the question was deceleration. I think to say the, going from 4 to 3.5 deceleration is probably, I don’t think the right analytical conclusion. I think is a little bit of comp topic in Q1 that benefits us and we largely think that what we see today is playing out very much in line with what the information that we had at the time we updated you guys in November.
Bill Donnelly: Okay. So I think the guys both years for Chinese New Year is February. So in both periods it was February. The month of January is solid. So it’s not that we are expecting to race at the finish, we entered the year with more backlog decent order trend leads and stuff seem in line. I think it’s a realistic expectation, we had from the quarter. Maybe in terms of budget flush CapEx at the end of the year, I think ourselves and many of the peer guys felt very good about 2015’s budget flush and I think how we saw it play out in 2016 was solid, vis-à-vis a relatively stronger Q4 of last year. So the farmer guys seem to be spending some money on businesses that are most oriented towards pharma had a good finish to the year.
Bill Donnelly: I think so maybe similar to where Olivier finished off the answer to the previous piece. We don’t read too much into the shorter period, if we kind of look out on the China business, there is nothing that has happened let’s say positive since we talked to you guys in November about the China economic outlook. And I think we always have a little bit of a late-cycle economically in our business. So we’re impacted by investment decisions and I don’t think anybody is rushing to make positive investment decisions in China based on what they heard recently. So we think it’s prudent to be cautious and we’re happy it’s going to be off to a good start. We prefer that than trying to explain to you guys, why we’re going to catch up later in the year. But we’re not, we prefer, what we got for the first quarter versus the alternative, but we’re not still excited yet about a turnaround. And we don’t expect when the turnaround does come Tycho that it’s going to be a jump back, it’s going to be a bottoming for a while that overcapacity will take some time.
Bill Donnelly: I think again we'll have a good year on material cost we are down on an apples-to-apples basis about 3% in ’15. I think we should have good year. It's important now to remember on commodity prices. We're not buying that much that is -- if you look at for example a machine part or a fabrication labor time, machine time would be a bigger cost element than the steel or the fabricating material itself. So we didn’t' get hurt by material in anyway, I don't mean to imply that, and certainly we like it going this way more than the other. But it's for example of the 3% that we saved this year I think less than 1% is directly attributable to lower material cost.
Bill Donnelly: Hi we had a good freight number savings year-on-year. But I doubt it would be big enough to move the needle good could it be 5 basis points maybe something like that.
Bill Donnelly: Actually our service growth wasn't that high in Q4, I think it was 2% or so, its consumables might have 2 or 3 and the reason for that was we had about 11% growth in Q4 a year ago, so the product business modestly outgrew the service business, but I think that that's more of comp topic.
Bill Donnelly: Yes, this is the customers that have the money are usually spending on more sophisticated applications that we make more money on. It's always the businesses that have the least amount of customer value proposition that gets hit the hardest. And it's partly a reflection of who the buyers are, partly a reflection of the nature of the application. And so you are right our margins have held up reasonably in China despite some of the sales declines and we are working hard to continue to do that going forward as well.
Bill Donnelly: Sure, I think the two biggest pieces would be China and Europe and you can assume it's more weighted to for example the industrial business in both cases.
Bill Donnelly: I think that there are things kind of going both ways right Derek, so I may be give you two example so -- because our industrial has been shrinking we are moving more towards the corporate side.
Bill Donnelly: As far as the offer is that -- but then maybe to your point Olivier made this point on MasterCom cutting their CapEx levels the largest food company in China. And that certainly has slowed the move to more consumer safety in the food inspection area. So, probably both of us would say that if the economy was going better the move towards more consumer safety food inspection considerations would have had a more accelerated pace than China that it does now given the overall economic circumstances, so a little bit of both ways.
Bill Donnelly: So, we are going to have CapEx of 120 million or so next year and that includes some significant building programs in the United States and Europe and I think a little bit in China as well. China is a little bit more a story about we will be consolidating with some other facilities there.
Bill Donnelly: All right, you have to give me one second we have that number it is, -- so in Q4, service was 27% of sales and if I include service and consumables. I am sorry that was service and consumables and for the full year it was 30%. And so always a little less in the fourth quarter because that’s a big quarter for product sales so it impacts the mix of it.
