Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page three of the presentation. We had a great start to the year with excellent sales growth. We had expected sales growth in Q1 to be strong, and local-currency sales growth reached 12% in the quarter, better than expected with very good broad based growth. We are quite pleased with these results, which reflect our ability to capitalize on favorable market conditions and very strong execution of our growth initiatives. Further progress on our modern initiatives are reflected in the strong margin expansion, which contributed to an excellent 36% growth in EPS for the quarter. All in all, very pleased with first quarter developments. Our outlook for Q2 and remainder of the year is also positive. Let me now hand over to Bill to cover the financials.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: I would say that the strategy remains very much the same. Acquisitions are part of the strategy, we pursue always many targets, we have an attractive radar. And we can't really time the opportunities to our own desire, it's often when a seller is willing. And many of our targets are privately-owned companies, can have succession topics and so on. The financial metrics the valuations play often a smaller role for the timing, but certainly we are very focused on the topic. And you have seen us doing stuff in the last two or three years, and yeah, I wouldn't mind if another opportunity like Troemner will materialize.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yes. Yes. Hey, very pleased to say that Lab was strong across the globe, across all the product lines. There were a few ones that had tougher comparisons and that played a role, like if you recall Automated Chemistry had a very strong previous year. They still had good growth this year, but maybe less than the average Lab. The same was also true for pipettes in the U.S., where we had a strong comparison but still I'm very happy with it. I would particularly also highlight Europe and China, where we continue to have really good growth. I think it's a reflection also that Lab serves many end-user markets, it's not just the life science. And many of these end-user markets start to be stronger and we see that also in our results. I would add also, I feel we had benefit from the strong pipeline, product pipeline that we built up. And we had many new products launched in recent years, and they all play well in the market, get good reception by customers.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yes. So the additional R&D investment often is a question of timing when we launch products and we have quite a couple of important launches, not just in Lab, across all the product portfolio in Q1, partially also in Q2. And probably more important is than the investment in Field Turbos. The Field Turbos, they typically we say the first year is really an investment. It's about recruiting, onboarding, training, building up the pipeline. And then we want to see that typically in the second year, the Turbo or the individual breaks even. And then in year two, three, we start to have a payback also on the initial investment. And I certainly see that this is happening. I would say the expectations – we exceed even our own expectations at right now, but that's more a reflection that the markets offer more growth than we originally planned.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yes. Okay. So when we talk about new products, it's often new product generations. It is a product that has additional features, has additional benefits to the customer, but typically replaces an existing product. You mentioned UV/VIS. UV/VIS is kind of an exception, because that's a new product category. But these new product categories like UV/VIS wouldn't have such an impact on the top line. You build this business over many years, rather than launching it and have an immediate impact. But the whole upgrade of our product portfolio drives the replacement cycle. And that's why I say overall it helps our momentum, it helps us to increase prices because we have more differentiated value proposition and so on. But it's difficult to isolate the exact impact, because it's broad-based. It helps gaining market share, but then saying how many basis points, it's really difficult. It's a continued stream of improving the competitive advantage that we have.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Okay. Good. Let me take the first one on the global key account program that we have. Hey, what's maybe important to say, none of our end-customers is more than 1% of our revenue. So, while these are very important customers, they – the difference is when we have a large group of them, where we apply this improved sales and marketing techniques that I described. And in that sense, there are many years for us to benefit from these improved approaches, because we can apply them to many, many customers. And at this stage we are working on two handfuls of customers where we really apply the full program, but we're going to scale it up and I'm confident that we have a long-lasting impact. Quantifying the impact on the whole group, I want to be cautious to really give a number. I think what's for us more important that we see that the approach is really working, that's why I mentioned to you that they are growing above the group average, because that gives us the confidence that we have a good program in place. In terms of the Easter ...
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: The reason why it's more Europe, it's because many Europeans take a vacation around Easter. So it's not just about the one or two working days, it's maybe they go on vacation the whole week. And that's why we call out here Europe.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yep. Maybe on the latter one, I try to drive a resource allocation process in the company where we reallocate resources towards the businesses that have the best long-term profit margin upside for us, and certainly also the businesses that have the best strategic value for us. And so, for many years we have been for example favoring the Laboratory business over the Retail business. And this is certainly something we continue to do. In the last few years, when you think about China, we did some restructuring in the Industrial part of the business as we continue to invest in the Laboratory business. So, we do that resource allocation, we do prioritize in these terms. And when I think about Field Turbo investments, additional R&D money, this is all taking place. When it comes to going for investment and tentatively reduce cost at our other parts, that is probably more driven by geography at this stage, because it's very difficult to play offensive and defensive at the same time in a market organization. And at this stage, we feel actually pretty good in most of the countries around the world, if not all. And so at this stage we are mostly in an investment mode, and very selectively we do maybe cost measures in a country. It's a little bit different when we talk about the producing organizations. When you look for productivity there, it's more programs that we have in place. On the last call in February, we talked about Stern Drive. This is a program that is going on across the globe, and there we definitely also do cost measures whenever we have good opportunities to execute them
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: No, it's not. Without the Troemner effect, it would be about 9%. Which is of course a very good number; Service is a much more stable business, and when we exceed the long-term average by a couple of points we are extremely happy. I think it's a reflection actually of good execution, and what particularly made us happy was that it was across the globe, and particularly also in the Americas. So really good execution, and shows the potential of Service.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: I think, actually, the last point that Bill made about Easter impacting Europe, that's certainly one.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Sure. So, let me start with the China piece of the business. I think we're very happy with the start to the year. And as you guys have seen with us over the years now, when there's tough periods of time in the Industrial business, we often kind of bounce back there. And I think we're seeing some of that return of the normal replacement cycle in our Chinese business, and just in general, the improving industrial environment there. So if we kind of look out to the second half of the year, what's built into our guidance is that some of what we have seen so far won't continue at that same rate, but it should still be better than maybe what we felt, let's go back six months ago. Okay? Then with regard to our Industrial business, we do – we are very happy with the start to the year. We think that, maybe even in parts of the world a little bit better than we expected as well. If I look at Europe for example, I think that our European Industrial business benefited a little bit in the first quarter due to the timing of Easter, as Olivier mentioned on the call. But maybe adjusted for that we would say, hey, in the western part of the world, maybe things can continue, adjusted for slightly maybe tougher comps in the second half and this Easter consideration. We do monitor the PMI numbers. The PMI numbers have been improving, but we're not – we're not yet ready to say that hey it's a time yet for big growth. So...
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yes. So it's out of adjusted EPS. If you kind of look in the press release, you'll see a larger than usual number on the other income line. But it's footnoted to say that we pulled that out then, and took that out of adjusted EPS.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Sure. So, in the first quarter we had a net realized price increase of about 190 basis points. Little bit better than we expected, but I also think it's worth saying that some of that comes in areas like, let's pick vehicle, Isaac, so in the vehicle business if we look at the steel decks we have, we're having higher costs for the decks. And remember too, a big piece of our vehicle business is in China. So steel prices in renminbi terms have gone up even more than we talked about here in dollars, and so we've passed on some of that. So this 190 basis points has – how we're doing versus beginning of the year guidance is a little misleading, just to take those numbers one for one. But we're happy with the start to the year. And that 190-basis-point price increase contributed to about an 80 basis points of the gross margin expansion that we had in the quarter.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Sure. I'll take that one. So, the way we look at it, Tycho, is that we generate a lot of free cash flow. We look at the efficiency of different things. We certainly see that, our intrinsic value calculations for how we think we can build a business over time, it still makes complete sense to continue the share repurchase program. I think there could be periods of time in the future where we have one or the other acquisition that might be bigger than some of these, more like Troemner's or whatever, a little bit bigger than the small bolt-ons, where we might think about our balance sheet and choose one or the other. But sitting here today, our – we feel comfortable with the share repurchase program. We intend to continue with it as described earlier in the year. And we think that makes a lot of financial sense for shareholders, given where we see the intrinsic value.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I think it's tough to just put a – for us to give you a guidance in reference to a GDP number or something, but maybe we look at it and our analysis would say hey, the comps get a little bit tougher. Maybe I give a comparison here to the first quarter; I pick on maybe our Retail business had growth, in part due to some new regulations that came out at the end of the year. We weren't expecting that growth here in this first quarter. We certainly think that over the course of the year that we're going to be at a much lower number, and that'll work itself out. If I look at the China business, and you guys probably get tired of hearing us say it, but the – we're always careful with how we forecast that China business. It's – it can turn fast, it's – different economic situations or political situations could change demand quite quickly in China, or the credit situation there. And we do feel that we're currently benefiting from some pent-up demand, and it's unclear how that long – how long that will last. And while we feel good about – well, I would even say we feel great about our start to the year in China – we're cautious about how the second half will be. So yeah, we are looking at those tougher comps, and I think let's see how the second quarter plays out. Let's see how our order entry and backlog looks sitting here in July, and I think we can give you guys a better picture at that point in the year. But I think at this point we're careful to get carried away after this one really strong quarter of growth.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: The Easter, it's impossible to exactly quantify, but I think, could it be two to three points of European growth in the quarter? I think that's a realistic kind of number. Certainly less in the U.S., and not impacting Asia.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I'm hesitating on the double-digit comment. So if I'm looking at our Americas business, if I look at our Lab business excluding Troemner, we grew by let's call it 6.5% or something like that in the quarter, which is certainly a solid result. And it compares to a plus seven in the prior year, so the stack numbers are very solid. Our Product Inspection business, which can be quite lumpy, had 30% growth, and that drove a lot of our Industrial growth in that part of the world, and we are very much looking forward to that comp a year from now. But we have a lot of good things going on in Product Inspection. We're certainly taking some share, and that's a – one of the – somebody was asking about what kind of customer groups, but that's certainly one that Olivier's strategies around global key accounts has been helping us. And then our core Industrial business did very solidly as well, and let's see how that picks up in the coming quarters. What's worth noting is actually our Retail business was down mid-teens in the second quarter – or first quarter, I'm sorry. But that was, frankly, against mid-teens growth in the prior year.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: No. If I kind of – I'm recalling a chart in my head, I think we had almost everybody was up mid-single digits, with, actually, Brazil and Russia not big markets but showing some very nice growth. I don't remember, even, anybody of material size having a decline, so....
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: And then the second one is, Service, in terms of the labor piece of our Service, Q1 is the smallest one. So, you know, if you – I'll make up a number, if you pick $1,000 worth of contracts, the impact of that in terms of the growth rate on the first quarter is just going to be a little bit larger. So, we were being open. We were surprised at it, and maybe we will do a little bit better in the quarter. It's certainly an area we've been investing for growth, so I'd like to see the growth continue. But if I look at our forecast for the second quarter, we're going to see some impact due to the Easter. But let's see how Q3 and Q4 come together.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. I think the biggest impact is due to the growth rate. I was just looking at one of Mary's schedules here to see if currency had really a different impact, and no, it's similar. So, yes, slight – Mary's saying a little bit worse, but it's mostly driven by the pure volume impacts.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yes. So, it's 26 million, 266 point.... And just as a reminder, that that includes the new accounting rules regarding the stock option stuff. And I guess maybe that number, I guess it's updated to the most recent stock price, or – let me tell you it this way, last week's stock price.
