William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. So I think the – for us, I think one of the uncertainties is the less the Chinese market and more of the impact of tariffs potentially leading towards downturn in the global economy. As we've mentioned, on several occasions the global economy is great, right? There's a lot of good stuff going around in the world and so we're more concerned, if there could be disruption to that and that's what I meant by uncertainty. I think this – the heightened uncertainty comes largely from the current tariff discussions going back and forth. With regard to our current Chinese business, it's performing great. Everything we've seen through April look great. But I would comment that it's a tough comp. They grew quite a bit in the second third quarter of last year; I'm just pulling up some numbers now, so China was up as a reminder 22% in Q2 of last year and 28% in Q3. So I – us putting growth numbers on top of that would be – is a sign that things are really going pretty well down there.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. It's still in that range but probably creeped up closer to the top of that range than the bottom.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So, it does get easier. Just as a reminder, Q1 last year we had a big benefit due to the legislation around that retail labeling topic as well as Easter timing benefited us in Q1 last year. So if I look just to give you a feeling the whole, just looking at year-to-date through April for Europe, the number is, looks already much better just adjusting for the Easter timing. I think we're more in kind of the range we would expect for the full year and that's despite having the tough comp anyways. So just adjusting for Easter and we're looking much better April year-to-date. So, we are well positioned there strategically. We've made some investments in Olivier's Field Turbo programs and other topics so our growth rate will be much better in Europe the coming three quarters.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So it's a single-digit million would be the first comment, but maybe Dan, the bigger thing we needed to do there and that's just how much infrastructure we're taking out less building cost, things like that. But I think the biggest benefit we have there is we just outgrew our Tampa facility. So, I think I've mentioned it on calls in the past; our team would literally have to move inventory in and out of the plant in the morning just to make room for production to take place. We are one of the best stories inside the company in the last five years has been the growth of our x-ray and metal detection business in Tampa. So they will – it's a little bit more difficult to quantify, but you can imagine ,if you think about a lean supply chain layout in a new facility where we're not doing silly things like having to move inventory around just to do production is going to help. And we've never really been able to try to quantify but we knew it was the right answer to make that investment.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yes. And so first comment on lab is that – it is eight straight quarters, it's probably the average is around kind of eyeballing it's probably 20% during that period. We were in the 20% range again this past quarter in lab. Our industrial business was up low-double digits and retail was actually flat. So, the business is performing well. We are doing quite well with this new focus that we implemented a couple of years ago on priority segments and we are very happy with the performance.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. I think you'll see CapEx maybe to not get it confused between maybe CapEx in total you'll see going down already some next year and in 2020 further. I think that you'll see our cash flow conversion which is already pretty good, get even better in the coming years.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Hey, Steve, if I could interrupt you maybe – when you say a lot of moving parts, I realize I could easily be confusing. Maybe kind of get into the bottom line because I think one thing is to analyze the pieces of what happened this quarter, but maybe if I could give you some comments about the remainder of the year. So sitting here today, I continue to think that on a constant currency basis our gross margins will be up 40 basis points to 50 basis points for the full year which actually in this most recent quarter, the right sheet in front of me on a constant currency basis our gross profit was down by 42 basis points for some of these reasons we covered. And so you can imagine then it gets better going forward. And then because of currency you'll continue to see headwind down the line but that's a little bit cosmetic. I think the best way to look at it is in constant currency to measure from a performance point of view. But by the time we get through the full year, I think what you'll see is the constant currency improvement in our gross margin will be offset by currency. So year-on-year for the full year I think our gross profit margin will be pretty close to flat.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah, maybe one additional to Olivier's comments would be is that I think in the course of a full year, we probably could largely offset what would happen. But maybe in the first quarter or two quarters, Steve there might be a little bit of catch up work.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Let me get my favorite cheat sheet in front of me so in Q2 we would say margin should be flattish which would be approaching 30 basis point or 40 basis point improvement in a constant currency basis.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I think the biggest thing what we're kind of looking at what would be appropriate guidance. I think for us is if we look at where we expect to be at the midpoint of the year, we're ahead of where we thought we would be three months ago. And so we adjusted our guidance accordingly. There's always a little bit of speculation Tycho for what the second half of the year can bring. But at this stage we see no reason to change our assumptions for the second half of the year. So it's kind of this combination of the beat which we described here in the current quarter. And then how we view the full first half of the year compared to maybe what we felt three months ago.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I mean as part of our business that has the most impact from NIH budgets would be our pipette businesses. What I can tell you that given everything kind of going on in those two businesses right now we're very happy with their performance but it would be tough for us to specifically link it to NIH and I didn't really look at April year-to-date by segment.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So, understood the question. I think at this point we're largely seeing maybe next quarter not as much, but it could be in Q3 and Q4 we see some modest increases there, yes.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Well some of that reflects Charlie that we started to see some inflation so we did see some moves there and started to implement some things in response to it. We do see higher wage growth for example in some other areas. What I would say is that Shawn Vadala and his team are working on some mid-year pricing topics. I think we haven't finalized what that's going to be in part because we want to see how the tariff situation plays out. But I feel reasonably confident that we can do something that brings net dollars hopefully to the second half of the year.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I think you'll see them both finish the year at about the same growth rate. But I think you'll see the product inspection business growing faster on average for the remainder of this year.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: It'll be 1% for the full year, but without really any impact on fourth quarter. So that's somewhat above 1% for the first three quarters of the year.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I would kind of add to that. We've talked about it in the past Ross that, I mean, yes, we prefer higher GDP growth than lower, but we don't need a huge GDP growth. We need people to stick to their replacement cycles. When they do that we take our piece of that, we take a little bit of share and we can do well in that type of environment. So, yeah, that would be my addition.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Okay. So – hey, so we were down 5% in the quarter to put one number on it. And if you look at the prior year comp we were plus 15%. And so the biggest single reason is we had a tough comp. The second we had two then kind of what I would describe as operational issues where we had expected reductions in our capacity capability for lack of a better expression. One related to we were moving a very large facility in Tampa and are – it took a few weeks for our guys to get fully ramped up there. And then the second was we went live with the new ERP system in the middle of the quarter in our German checkweighing business. That business in April its output was back to normal, but in the month of February when they went live it was – they were producing at a lower than historical levels. So those two items were probably the – maybe had a little bit of an additional impact. And I guess to a certain extent there was probably some Easter impact for our European PI business but it would be tough to quantify the last three. The biggest item is the tough comp. And by the way we also have a tough comp in product inspection next quarter. But I think if I remember right Olivier commented about if you look already at April year-to-date, I believe our business was already caught up to flattish or something.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So we grew 3% in the quarter. Just as a reminder, last year for the full year we grew 7%, or just shy of 7%. And in the first quarter of last year, we grew by just short of 11%. So if you look at it on a two-year basis in Q1, we're just north of 7% and that's kind of in line with what we grew last year. So, we feel service business, as Olivier mentioned, key strategic focus and execution seems to go well there.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: I think it's tough to do specifically, but I think if you look for example at service, last year we grew 7%. In the first quarter we grew 11% of that 7%, and then if I look at the Q1 of this year we grew 3%. So our two-year growth rate is basically right in line with our – what we achieved last year. So somehow in the area of service because it's labor intensive, it's a bigger impact than it is on product but you see it also on our product business.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: And I guess Jack maybe one more thing. I made a point in the script to say that April year-to-date we were a healthy mid-single-digit which of course speaks to kind of where we are if you throw out Easter effects.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: And maybe on top of that beyond just the operations benefit we're bringing the teams here together, so we're going to have to check weighing business, with the x-ray with the metal detection business and the latest decision is also to add the vision inspection business all into the Tampa facility. This brings the teams together, cross-selling is supported, but you can imagine also for customers this is very attractive. The new facility offers great ways for us for demo programs, for tests, customer test programs. I think this is going to be extremely powerful going forward for us to further grow the business and totally underline that we have here a leadership position that we can further leverage. So, that's a powerful investment in the future, and it's certainly not just about cost savings opportunities. In contrary, I expect that this is – preliminarily an investment in the franchise.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: So it's definitely one of the businesses that should grow above the group average. The market offers these opportunities and certainly the way how we are managing, allocating resources, again, all that stuff supports that approach. There are different factors. So first of all, I would stress the point that we have the most attractive portfolio of the different technologies and we have leadership positions in the different technologies. We – this plays very well also to the needs of our customers. Then we have an excellent service network that is very much appreciated by our customers. And then for certain technologies there is still an adoption rate opportunity. This is particularly true for x-ray and that's another driver for additional growth. This – what I just said applies across the world, but then you can imagine there is, on top of that the emerging markets opportunities. Packaged foods consumption is growing over proportionally in emerging markets and brand protection quality is a key driver. And so the combination of that offers additional growth opportunities. So yeah, all-in-all, I definitely expect to have above group average. But do also recognize that within product inspection we have a certain project-based aspect of certain lumpiness. If you have a global key account that is rolling out a big project across the world this can have an impact on a quarter-to-quarter comparisons. But, all-in-all, it should be very nice growth.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: I was actually visiting the team just three weeks ago, I had a chance to visit also the new facilities and I do have a very broad-based business review. And one thing that I really particularly liked is the resource shifting that we have done over the years to follow the market opportunities really play very well. And Bill just shared with you, the lab growth and this is not a coincidence. We really recognized early on the lab has promising end user markets. We continue to invest in these. As on the Industrial part, we did actually reduce resources to certain industry segments that we felt have no long-term or attractive long-term prospects. And seeing how that played out was really powerful. I could say similar thing also about the regional presence. So, we for example in the times where China wasn't growing so well we did – we visit our local office setup that we have. We had in the all-time many local offices across China and we recognize today that there is not the same necessity for that because you have just much better infrastructure. Mobility is better, phones are better, education of people are better. We have ERP system that is better and so on. So, the team really leveraged these opportunities and we allocated resources to drive more growth and that's what we see in our current numbers. And I certainly expect that this will continue to help us to outgrow this market.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: So let me take the first part. Operationally, it wouldn't be too disruptive to us in a sense that one of the key mitigation factor is pricing. And we have already started to do all this analysis. We know how to implement these things and that would certainly work well. And then on the supply chain itself, yeah, there is some parts that are supplier related, where you do a sampling and all that stuff, but it's not that major. And in that sense we feel this is absolutely manageable. I think the part that would be much bigger for us in terms of the impact is if it's -- if it influences the world economy. That's really the bigger part. But the other part as Bill described in the prepared remarks in terms of million dollars it's not so huge. And we have this mitigating factor that we feel actually our plans are already quite solid and we would know how to do it.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yeah. I would say our whole bio life science business in U.S. did very well. Typically that's the Rainin and the auto-chem business that has particular exposure to that. Both businesses did very well on that one. But the NIH we are not so much exposed, the pipette business is really one of the most. So that's so why I answer yes bio life science in general.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yeah. So I will start to say that we – our mix that we have in China is different to the global mix that we have. If I look to the West and then in particular in the U.S., we have a very high share of product inspection, versus core industrial, and in China, it's still the reverse, core industrial is much bigger than product inspection. And that is historically driven. You will always see that more mature markets have more demand for product inspection equipment, because it's very much quality driven, it's very much about automated packaging and even the industry structure is different. We, in that sense, have benefited heavily in the past for this industrial business. Our product inspection business in China has been growing nicely in the last couple of years, but it is still underrepresented. And then in that sense, I do expect that product inspection is outgrowing our core industrial business, in particular also China. This has not always been the case every quarter, but in the long-term should be that way. To be specific on a group level, product inspection is roughly 17%. As in China, it is 5% of total sales. That alone gives you a clear indication how much upside we have when China starts to further mature and has an industry structure similar to what we have in the West.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yeah. So the program is very much ongoing. We do these in waves. And I always said, I would continue with the programs as long as I feel the market offers growth opportunities and I definitely feel that way. And I see – continue to see very good results on it. I have seen that last year when I had detailed business reviews with the countries. I mentioned before I was in China, but I also spent quite some time in Southeast Asia was particularly excited about seeing the impact of Field Turbos in Indonesia, Vietnam and so on. So, my commitments to continue with the program is ongoing. In terms of waves, we certainly had an important wave, review wave end of the year where I committed to quite a lot of additional head count. And there's another one upcoming here or more in the summer. And from a regional perspective that might be – the last one that I expect – also the next one is certainly more weighted now to the emerging markets. As when I looked a few years ago, we were more focused also in Western markets. So that changes a little bit in terms of business mix. That's kind of unchanged still very much laboratory and product inspection business that benefits from it.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Hey, Ross. Actually yes. But I would also say that when I look at our early indicators lead generation and so on, we have no signals of slowdown at all. And we still feel that the world economy is very strong. We know that we are facing these comparisons topics and that's certainly true for China, but there are no clouds out there that worry us. But of course, we want to stay agile if something happens. But you hear me talking before about Field Turbo the same is true (00:56:20) investments in marketing, investments overall. We are very much in the growth mode and we will adjust our plans if need be, but at this stage we are all in growth models.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: I mean in essence the quarter came in as expected. You might recall that a lot of time on the call we did already anticipate that this will be a tough quarter because the comparisons and the operational topics we did anticipate that. This wasn't a surprise.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: No, no. It's the constant enhancement of new products, so not at all. In the prepared remarks I had one example but throughout the quarter we have multiple new products but none that would really move the needle.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yeah. Very happy about how that's going. To recall we launched that last year and one of the countries that actually is the pilot for here and most advanced is China. And when I was down there, I could visit our four facilities there and I was really very, very happy to see how this caused momentum. We see it on the floor. We see it in all the training communication and activities of our teams. And I start to clearly see it also in the numbers in the KPIs that we have. So, very pleased. The program proves that it's scalable. That's always the key success factor. And I definitely compare Stern Drive also to Spinnaker in the sense that we recognize that it's a journey. And we get more sophisticated every year, every way. And one of the key success factor is that we are doing that with our teams, with our employees. This is not just top down toolboxes or methodologies, no, this is very much with an inclusion of the teams and that helps us actually to get this continuous improvement. So bottom line, very happy. In terms of quantification, the way you need to look at it, this is feeding our margin expansion. You see Stern Drive impacting material costs but it definitely also impacts productivity and so the whole margin expansion program.
