Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary. Good evening. I'm pleased to welcome you to this call. I will start with the summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and our updated guidance for this year. I will then update you on the initiatives to continue to drive our market leadership. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end.  We had great results in the second quarter. Our sales growth came in better than expected, and operating profit and EPS increased strongly despite currency headwinds. Highlights of the quarter are presented on Page 2 of the presentation.  Local currency sales grew 11%, Asia/Rest of World had outstanding results in all product lines, while growth in Americas and Europe was also quite strong, particularly on the industrial side. Despite significant currency headwinds, we achieved an 18% increase in adjusted operating profit and a 23% increase in adjusted EPS. Bill will provide more details on our second quarter results as well as guidance. Now let me turn it over to him.
Olivier Filliol: First, I would start. We were actually happy, really, across the whole industrial business. Also, core industrial did well, as I highlighted in the call. The product inspection business did very well across the globe and across the business lines. As a reminder, we have different business lines like checkweighing, x-ray, then also vision inspection, and of course, metal detection. And all the 4 business lines did very well. I would say it's a reflection of 3 things. The first one is our relative market positions that we have in these businesses is really extraordinarily strong. And these very strong market positions help us to continue to win market share. This continuing winning of market share is certainly driven by very good execution of our teams. We have strong management teams in this business across the world. We have made important investments in the past. We are fully leveraging Spinnaker. Again, the combination of that helps us to win market share. And the third factor that clearly played into here, the end-user markets for food inspection. In particular, food safety is strong. The product inspection business in that sense is continuing to benefit of favorable market environments.
Olivier Filliol: No, it's actually it's globally. I would say it that way. The U.S. has passed new food safety regulation. This has not a direct impact on us in the sense that the food safety regulation doesn't specify that our equipments or the type of equipments that we provide needs to be installed. However, the food safety regulation has raised -- further raised, I would say it that way, the attention to quality inspection in food production. There is a very high awareness of what it means if you need to recall a product. It's in terms of you want to protect your brand, but now food regulations would also enforce actually stricter processes in recall. That really means that the food producers around the world want to apply very strict quality controls to the productions, and that benefits our business.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. Let me maybe quickly comment to the businesses already for Q2. So yes, this is true. AutoChem, or our automated chemistry, was not so strong. But we need to put this in perspective. Automated chemistry is clearly weighted towards the end of the year. The first 2 quarters are not that big. And I would also say the momentum that we see in the business is actually reasonable. We had certainly some effects here that some projects were delayed. And I would also mention here, of course, the big pharma environment has also impacted automated chemistry. But when you look at the outlook, I do actually expect that automated chemistry will look better in the second part of the year. The same is actually also true for our pipette business. The pipette business has a more difficult environment in the first 2 quarters than we have maybe in the past, not the least also driven by tightened government funding, NIH funding, which has an impact on the pipette business. Now for the latter part of the year, I would also say that the lab business will face tough comps, not the least also in Q4. And in that sense, we will not see the very high growth rates as we have seen, for example, in Q4 last year or Q1. But I think actually mid single digit growth for lab is what we would certainly expect for the second part of the year.
Olivier Filliol: Okay. Like every year, we have implemented a price increase early this year. We have had a little bit of higher price increase than in previous years in anticipation also of inflation worldwide. And then we put actually a lot of emphasis on the execution of it, tight controls worldwide that is really fully implemented. And certainly also, a lot of focus on discount management. We're actually happy with what we see. As realized, we are tracking this with our systems, and we see extra about 170 basis points, roughly, of realized pricing so far. Definitely happy. And of course, it varies by business lines and geographies. We do differentiate depending on the pricing power that we feel we have. And of course, the different geographies have a different inflation environment. But I would say that the number that I just quoted before is a good indication, what we would do in average. And yes, it's in the range of, I would say, plus/minus 150 basis points across the different business lines. We are also working on a midyear price increase. Actually, we are in full implementation right now. We do so to respond to the inflation environment. We do so also, partially, to response to currency situations. And we are closely monitoring the impact also of it. We do actually make sure that we can still continue our path of market share gains in spite that we are implementing these price increases.
Olivier Filliol: Well, actually, we're also looking to get good benefit from some new product launches that we had. We had a product launched early this year. And actually, we are, right now, in the middle of launching a new product that we do actually expect to have a good benefit from that. So that -- the combination with what Bill said, then hopefully, a little bit better market environment from -- particularly when it comes from government-funded research and so on. And these products should help us to have a better second part of the year.
Olivier Filliol: Yes, I would not make any projections on the macroeconomic environment other than what I pick up from my economists. But what I can say is, we were certainly pleased to see our results in Q2, which were not really impacted by the macroeconomic talks or budget talks that's ongoing. And when I talk to my team in the different countries, actually, they remain positive. They remain positive, and none of them are giving me the impression that, I would say, the different political discussions and this deficit topics impact their business.
Olivier Filliol: Absolutely. So Ohaus, worldwide, that's not just for Asia, it's all indirect. We do not do any direct business for Ohaus. And we have always dealers, catalog houses and orders that are doing the customer-facing part. We, of course, in the background, at the Ohaus franchise, is supporting them, including with tech support, with quotes and all these things, but they are maintaining the customer relationships. They have also the proximity. And we are talking here about thousands of dealers that we have across the world, in many different segments, also small segments. And we have with that also a very strong territory coverage. Yes, in that sense, absolutely indirect and clearly differentiated, also, versus Mettler-Toledo, where we favor the direct approach. And if we use an indirect approach with Mettler-Toledo in Asia or China, it would typically be a value-added reseller that would also provide service and would have a much tighter link to Mettler-Toledo and have a certain exclusivity for a certain geography or for a segment. That's not something that we require when we do the business through Ohaus.
Olivier Filliol: It's actually an interesting question. I think the way we should look at it, it's mainly when we look at the product part of the business, it's about equal between Mettler-Toledo and Ohaus. But what's relevant is with the Mettler-Toledo sales, we have a significant service business that comes with it. And of course, the service business yields very attractive additional margins. So that comes on top. But nevertheless, I indicated to you here that the Ohaus business has actually good profitability, too.
Olivier Filliol: I think, actually, the 2 that you mentioned are the 2 that we have seen being slow in Q2, and then worried that they're going to take a while to recover. This is everything that is related around government and academia. And the second one is big pharma. Big pharma is particular also a topic in Europe. We're just reviewing, this morning, a few cases in the U.K. We are definitely impacted, particular also from Pfizer. But also, for example, in France, we see a couple of big pharma companies in France holding back with investments. And had an impact and is certainly going to impact us for a couple of more months. Besides that, I feel actually quite comfortable with most of the end-user industries. They have good momentum in them. There are a few ones that are not so significant to us, but of course, we see some electronics, flat panel manufacturing and so on where we are experiencing some slowdown, but they are not so significant. And then, it's also offset by smaller segments that didn't have also good momentum being -- just to mention one example, the sugar industry is doing actually quite well, and this is a business that we have not big business in it, but we benefit from.
Olivier Filliol: Yes, absolutely. We have done last year, and then again early this year. And we are very well progressed in terms of the integration. Very happy how we could integrate, assimilate the team and the product lines, and particular also, how we could leverage our marketing power already for these acquired companies. They're all going extremely well and, strategically, did very well the franchise. And yes, expect us to continue that path. We have things in the pipeline that are going this similar direction, similar size. And that will also remain our strategy. We are focused on bolt-on acquisitions. It's not -- we don't feel that we have a necessity to do any big acquisitions, and we also not particular focused on this one.
Olivier Filliol: No, not particular. The one we did on food retailing was really part of the strategy to focus the food retailing business on the core part where we have synergies. In that sense, that was a strategic move that we did. Otherwise, at the current stage, I don't see a need for any particular divestiture. I feel actually the franchise is a good one. And in general, the businesses fit well, actually, the overall strategy that we pursue.
William Donnelly: Well, I think we did expect that the China growth would slow down kind of quarter-by-quarter this year. So we were in the low-30s in Q1. We're in the mid-20s this quarter, and I would expect a little bit less next quarter and maybe a little bit less in the fourth quarter as well. So I think that is reflecting tougher comps and, as you said, government action that's overall probably reducing the investment climate a little bit there. But we still think that while the growth rate is slowing down a little bit in China, we still would expect to put up solid numbers. And we see no reason why midterm growth rates can't be well into the teens going forward.
William Donnelly: Yes. I think we'll see a better growth rate in the third quarter, certainly. As Olivier pointed out, the fourth quarter might be a little bit tougher comps. To name one, AutoChem I think grew by 40% or something in Q4 next year. AutoChem will have a good Q3. RAININ will have, or the pipette business, will have a better Q3 than Q4, and the analytical instrument business will have a better Q3 than in Q2. So Q4 will have tough comps for the lab business, but Q3 should actually be a little bit better than what you saw in Q2.
William Donnelly: Well, maybe if I -- we take a look at kind of what the incrementals were in the second quarter, we were kind of in that mid-30s kind of level. And we would expect those to kind of be in that kind of range as well in the second half. So it's not so much different. I think when we reported Q1, we kind of commented that, for a variety of little things, we' were a little bit below our incremental margin level, a little bit more than even just currency in Q1. We I wouldn't say completely caught up, but we largely caught up with that and are expecting kind of that similar level, kind of mid-30s level in the second half.
William Donnelly: I think in the second half of the year, as I mentioned, we expect things to improve in that business. A number of, let's say, front-end type of adjustments in terms of how they do some things pricing-wise, how they're organizing their sales force, a number of factors we think are going to lead to better performance in the second half.
William Donnelly: A little bit of both, a little bit of the fact that we actually beat Q2 as well. I think we still remain cautious about comps come Q4. But I think the Q3 number is -- maybe if I was to do a little bit of a back-of-the-envelope, could be 50-50, what we think about Q3 today versus maybe what we thought 3 months ago, reflecting pricing as well. Because at the time, we were already talking about a major price increase when we talked to you guys last time. So probably we feel a little bit better about it today. So it's hard to put an exact number on it too, Rick.
William Donnelly: You might be -- I might not have fully digested it because, of course, I think about our numbers in a Mettler way. So let me kind of come back to you and try to maybe express what we're trying to say about the fourth quarter or what's implied in terms of our full year guidance minus our Q3. So we're implying that, A, you can assume kind of a mid single digit number, and we will give precise guidance 3 months from now or so. But we're assuming it's got to be somehow mid single digits. And we're assuming that the currency impact will be less year-on-year as well, if that was maybe what you're getting at. But we certainly do assume growth, and we certainly do assume that Q4 will be an increase over Q3, which maybe, I was kind of hearing that you were maybe saying we weren't saying that.
William Donnelly: Yes, I mean, if what you're saying, Rick, is the increase of Q4 versus Q3 last year in dollar terms was less than this year, what we're projecting, I mean, that's probably true, but it's not a huge difference, kind of looking at the numbers now.
William Donnelly: So in terms of the Americas, certainly the industrial business did quite well in the quarter. It was our strongest performing area. I think lab, I think that'll realistically come down a little bit in the second half. But I think, at least compared to Q2, our lab business should do a little bit better in the second half.
William Donnelly: Maybe, again, we had about a 20-basis point increase in gross profit margin in the quarter. In the quarter, net realized price increases were about 2%. And so if you do the math on what was the impact of that on gross profit margin, it's 1%, because we're at about 50%. Currencies were a headwind -- so maybe I'll start with material costs, were a headwind of around 60 bps, and that reflects material costs being up about 2.5% in the quarter. And then currencies were a negative 170 bps in the quarter, and of course, then, we had some leverage benefit as well.
William Donnelly: I think right now we feel relatively good about electronics coming out of Japan. I don't have any components that are sitting with a red dot on the dashboard. So I think we're -- I think we're largely through that. I always am a little cautious in that area, because we're not the big dog in the electrical component purchases area, so we can get whipped around if the big suppliers start to move. But I think we're in relatively good shape there. We built a little bit of inventory this quarter in anticipation, we go live in the coming months in China in Blue Ocean, and they're a big part of our production chain. And because it's far away and we're shipping a lot of things on boats, we thought it would be good to build up a little bit of extra caution there. But that would be maybe my main comments on the inventory area.
William Donnelly: We like both, and we think there's room in the balance sheet to do both. And at least so far, we've never been forced to choose in the sense of identifying M&A that was so big that, in some ways, we'd have to dial back on our share repurchase program. And I think we're quite happy about how our bolt-on M&A has done. Maybe, Olivier...
