Shawn Vadala: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Thanks for the question. I think it's pretty much as you interpreted. It's largely related to doing a little bit better on the shipping delays that we had in Q4. Of course, we did a little bit better than that in terms of Q4 results in general. But even though we're not seeing any negative changes in the business. We also prefer to be a little bit cautious here until we get closer to the second half and have a little bit more visibility. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes. And just to maybe specifically address the comment about potential deceleration. I think it's important to also just look at maybe the multiyear comparisons here and if you just like look at the trends in terms of like dollar terms or renminbi terms, we're kind of hitting a high watermark a year ago in Q2 in terms of what we're lapping in terms of comps. So actually, the comp level that we have in Q2 is a more difficult comp than we had in the first quarter. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Thanks, Jack. Hey, the rest of it, we -- despite being down 6%, excluding the shipping benefit, we're pleased we did better than expected. We kind of expected customers to start a little more cautiously this year. I think they did start cautiously, but we're glad that they didn't -- they weren't as cautious as maybe we were thinking at the beginning of the quarter.  If you look at kind of the where, like where did it come from, it was actually pretty broad-based, whether it be by region or by product area. And I think if we look internally, Patrick and I just came out of some executive meetings earlier this week, we just really walk away feeling very good about the things that we're controlling.  The execution in the organization, I would say, is very high. We talked about a lot of different corporate programs that we're rolling out on our last call, whether it be Spinnaker 6 or other programs. Today, we talk a lot about innovation and all the things we're doing in terms of launching new products and so I have to also believe that the teams are just executing well, and we're seeing some benefit from all that good work. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure. So let me start by business area. So our Q2 guide for Lab is to be down low single digit and for the full year to be up low- to mid-single digit. Product inspection, I don't know if I could also maybe add, if you exclude the shipping delay for the full year, that would be flattish.  If we look at core Industrial, it would be up low single digit in Q2 -- I'm sorry, that was product inspection. Product inspection would be up low single digit in Q2 and up low single digit for the full year and that would be the same if you exclude the shipping delays for the full year.  Core Industrial would be down high single digit for Q2 and flattish for the full year and would be down slightly, excluding the benefits of the shipping delays for the full year. And then Food Retail would be down about 10% for Q2 and down mid- to high-single digit for the full year and similarly, down mid- to high-single digit for the full year, excluding the shipping delay benefit.  And then in terms of the Americas, we would be flat for Q2, we would be up low-single digit for the full year, and then we would be up slightly for -- excluding the shipping delay benefit. Europe would be up low-single digit for Q2, up mid-single digit for the full year, but flattish, excluding the shipping delay benefit.  And then China would be down mid-20s in Q2, down high-single digit for the full year and similarly down high-single digit, excluding the shipping delay benefit. 
Shawn Vadala: No. Vijay, thanks for the question. No, I mean, we're not seeing -- I want to be clear, we're not seeing anything negative or new negative changes in the business. We just feel like it's still a little bit early in the year. We only have 1.5 months' worth of backlog, and we're just a little bit cautious here kind of going into the second quarter.  And we'd just like to have a little bit more visibility to the second half of the year. And I think after the end of the Q2, we'll be in a better position to reassess the second half. But I think we're still optimistic about growing in the second half and -- but we just like to have a little bit more visibility here before we kind of get out over our skis. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Mike, this is Shawn. Maybe not to entirely repeat what we just said, but probably we'll echo it to a large degree. I think it comes back to this sitting on pretty much 1.5 months' worth of backlog. We do see good activity in our pipeline. As Patrick, I think, mentioned before, we are seeing order cycles being elongated a little bit in the first quarter.  Certainly, it would be nice to see those -- the conversions actually starting to happen here in the second quarter. But the activity is good. But I think it comes back to we only sit on about 1.5 months' worth of backlog. We have still some difficult comparisons on a multiyear basis here in the second quarter.  It would be nice just to see -- to gain a few more months here and just kind of get a little bit closer to that second half. And then I think we've generally been -- our second half growth story has also largely been about easier comparisons and so it would be nice to see how the market kind of develops here in the second quarter in addition to those easier comparisons.  And of course, there's plenty of uncertainty and risks in the world that are out there, nothing specific to our business, but whether it's economic risks or geopolitical risks, and we'll just kind of see how the world plays out here for a few more months. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So in terms of the first quarter, as we kind of said, we benefited about 6% in terms of sales from the shipping delay benefit. Our expectation was that we were going to benefit about 5%. So we had a 1% benefit. So you can kind of maybe draw your own conclusions of what that would have meant or not. But maybe more importantly, if you just take that reported number of sales in Q1 and you look at our guidance for Q2, regardless of shipping delay benefit. With that benefit, the reported number is actually a very similar dollar number sequentially to what we see in the second quarter.  And if you look at the EPS for Q2, it's actually our guidance is higher than Q1, which I think points a little bit to some of the good execution we're doing on our side in terms of cost savings and productivity measures.  Now if you look at the second quarter versus prior year, of course, there's different moving parts. You have a 2% headwind when it comes to foreign currency. If we look at our gross margins, we expect the gross margin to be down probably about 20 basis points versus the prior year and a lot of that has to do with volume being down in the second quarter versus the prior year.  There's a little bit of noise as well with maybe a little bit of higher transportation costs with some of the Red Sea topics, some investments we're making in our service business. And then our pricing, of course, offsets that a little bit. Our pricing came in about 2%, which was in line with our expectation for the first quarter, and we kind of expect that to continue here into the second quarter and for the full year. And then maybe one other comment on the P&L kind of going below the gross margin in addition to the volume and the things that I just said in terms of headwinds, we also will have higher variable comp Q2 this year relative to last year.  But if you kind of then step back from all that, and you maybe pivot to the full year, we're actually pleased that our full year operating margin is now probably going to be up about 50 basis points. And if you exclude currency, it's probably up about 70 basis points. So in a year where there's a pretty modest top line growth, we feel good about our ability to continue to drive operating margin improvement. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Maybe just to get to the other part of your question, Rachel. The first quarter in the U.S., certainly, that project activity is lumpy. And so we certainly will not see that in the second quarter. So there's an element of that. And then maybe the other point I make here is that in core Industrial, it has a larger mix of business weighted towards China versus our other businesses.  And then if you kind of look at maybe the multiyear comparisons of that China business, we do have a very difficult comparison, as Patrick mentioned. So it will be a little bit -- and it will be a little bit bigger of a headwind there that we saw versus Q1. 
Shawn Vadala: And the other part of biopharma, of course, pipettes and we certainly have seen improvement in pipettes relative to some of the destocking issues that we were dealing with last year. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Matt, this is Shawn, maybe I'll take that one. So we're very pleased with the execution from our team in Europe. We have our most direct sales organization there in terms of direct channel to the customer. And I tend to think we always feel the best benefit of our Spinnaker sales and marketing programs in Europe. So I think that's one of the things that we feel very good about.  Now the other side of that is the economies have been soft. You look at some of the PIs, especially some of the larger countries like Germany, you see elevated cost of energy in the region affecting some of our end markets. So there's certainly uncertainty there.  At the same time, as we look to the second quarter, I think there's going to be some benefit here from the timing of Easter. But otherwise, it's kind of like a yin and a yang. I think on one hand, we see a lot of market uncertainty, but on the other hand, I feel like we're fighting a great fight and the team is doing really well.  And as we always kind of say the economy tends to just need to be good enough there for people to stick to replacement cycles, but at the same time, there are opportunities with reshoring and some of these hot segments like semiconductor or lithium battery in Europe, and I think our teams do a really great job of identifying those opportunities when they're available and capturing them. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure, Catherine, maybe I take that one. So of course, there was the shipping delay benefit in Q1, but I -- but if you exclude that, I think like the multiyear CAGRs still look pretty similar between Q2 and Q1.  Sometimes we're looking at pre-COVID CAGRs when we say that, but if you do look at like the Industrial business, like one of the things that kind of stands out there is this kind of ties to the comments we're making about China earlier or Industrial before where I said China is a higher percentage of that business. And on a multiyear basis, we have just higher comps. So if you start looking at it on a multiyear basis instead of a 1-year basis, I think that's maybe affecting a little bit some of the sequentials on a more disaggregated basis. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes. I mean I think if you like look at our -- like if you look at our full year guide for China, we're still expecting to be down high-single digit. I think if you try to break it out between the businesses, maybe on a full year basis, Industrial might be a little bit better than that, than Lab. But I think that's largely because of what we saw in Q1.  I think as we kind of like look at Q2, they're probably down similarly, maybe a little bit more on the Industrial side because of some of these longer-term comp issues that we talked about.  I think we have a good setup in terms of comparisons certainly going into the second half of the year. And if you look at -- if you think about last year, the Lab business was down disproportionately versus the Industrial business. So I think the Lab will benefit from that more than the Industrial in the second half of the year.  In terms of the market, we always say things in China can change very quickly either way. So I think this is a good example of just wanting to get another quarter under our belt before we talk too much about the second half of the year. And I think right now, we don't have any particular new insights. I mean, I think everyone is seeing the same headlines, hearing about potentials for stimulus and these types of things, but nothing like that's necessarily influencing how we're thinking about guiding for the second half of the year.  I think we're -- I think probably the bigger theme is the more that can happen from a governmental perspective to instill confidence in the economy in terms of people starting to reinvest, I think there's been a lot of outreach in the country to companies, including to multinationals to really reinstill that confidence level. And I think as that confidence builds, we'll start to see probably more  investment happening in the country.  But mid- to long term, we're still really, really optimistic here. There's still a lot of growth opportunity in China for China. And I think we're just very well positioned for that growth. When you look at how well we align with the government's priorities and then even getting into some of the trends that we talk a lot about with automation and digitalization. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes. And then to kind of feed off that, our team there has just always been such an agile team to pivot to where the growth opportunities are. And certainly, that was a topic we were talking about throughout this week with our -- at the executive level as just some of the programs that they're doing locally to identify those pockets of growth and go after them. So we feel like we're well positioned as things improve. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So I kind of mentioned earlier in one of the other questions. Pricing came in pretty much as expected in the quarter at 2%. We're still kind of holding our guide for the full year on pricing at 2%. Of course, we're going to try to do better than that. I think all the things we're doing on innovation certainly continues to enhance our value proposition. And so that always helps. I see good execution on this topic as well, too. So we'll see how it plays out for the rest of the year.  In terms of margins on a quarterly basis, it can be kind of lumpy as we saw with the second quarter with volumes. But I think the team continues to do a good job in terms of material costs. I think there's some modest benefits we saw in Q1 there that we'll kind of continue to see through the rest of the year. And then in terms of like just our overall cost structure, we have -- it's like a balancing act, right? We've done a lot of, I think, very good things in terms of driving productivity in the organization and cost savings that were kind of necessary to adjust to our current volumes.  But of course, that also creates the -- it creates the ability for us to continue to reinvest in the business to ensure long-term success, which is something that we've always been very focused on. And so I think we have a very good balance and mix in the business.  Of course, Patrick and I are going to spend a lot of time with our teams here starting next month, we start to go into our normal planning cycles and that kind of continues until the fall where we really kind of look at the different growth opportunities, investment opportunities and then at the same time, driving productivity throughout the organization. 
Shawn Vadala: Joshua, maybe I'll take that one. So we'll start with price. So as I mentioned, price came in as expected in the quarter, it came in at 2%. So we were happy with that. We expect price to be 2% again in Q2 and for the full year, which is kind of consistent with our previous guidance. And as I kind of mentioned, we do feel very good about our value proposition, all the stuff we talked about earlier about innovation really strengthens that value proposition, so that helps to always support our pricing in the market.  And so -- but at the same time, we will, of course, look to see if we can do better than that as we kind of go through the year. In terms of market share gains, I do think we're executing really well. It's always hard to tell how much share we're taking. But if I look at some of our results by region, Europe, I think, was a good example.  I mean even the comments on food, right? Some of that is we're executing well. We have new products that are being very well received in the market. It's not like there's no softness in some of these end markets, particularly in the U.S., but the teams are doing quite well there. So in terms of go-to-market approach, I mean, I think we continue to just do very well within the umbrella of Spinnaker.  That program really has allowed us to be -- use a lot of analytics to really identify growth opportunities and pursue those opportunities. We have a lot of great tools to help prepare the team, to help with conversion and value selling, cross-selling. And so I think a lot of the programs we have are very effective.  If you go back to the beginning of the year, we talked about rolling out and introducing the next generation of Spinnaker to the organization, Spinnaker 6. I think it's still a little early to say that Spinnaker 6 is driving share gains, but certainly, it creates momentum in the organization and focus on the program in general because it's not like a different Spinnaker they all kind of build on all the other waves and generations. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: I can take this, Dan. Look, we have been definitely pleased that we have seen a somewhat better result in Q1 than we had expected. That said, we still expect it to be quite weak. I mean, as Shawn said, we'll have more than 20% decline in China second quarter based on the very tough compares we see against Q2 last year and the years before where there has been quite heavy investment in China. There was significant spending during COVID and also some, of course, inventory buildup, et cetera.  For the second half of the year, the comps will become much easier for us. So we expect positive growth. And regarding -- your questions regarding the stimulus that was announced. I think this is definitely a positive sign for the market. We have not yet seen any impact yet, and we have to see whether it will move the needle, but I think it helps to reestablish also the confidence in the market. So the stimulus will help.  But I think most importantly, you need to understand that we think we are really well positioned with our product portfolio there with our local team that is executing really well with also developing local products for the Chinese market. I think we are in a great position to compete in this market and as the market recovers to gain even more momentum. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Thanks for the question, Vijay. Look, as Shawn just said, we have about 1.5 months of backlog. So we have a pretty fast turnover in most of our businesses. When we look at the second half, again, the comps will get much easier for us based on what we have seen last year. So that, of course, implies a positive growth for the second half.  We see very good customer engagement out there also during Q1 and what our teams are in great discussions with customers. I think there's great interest in our new products that we just launched and we are confident that we are really well positioned. What we're seeing, however, is that the sales cycle times are still somewhat longer at the moment.  But as Shawn also mentioned, given where we are with the portfolio, given what we see in terms of customer engagement, we don't see any negative trends or changes to what we have said in the first quarter. We think we are well positioned to achieve the goals we have for the second half, to be honest. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Thank you, Rachel, and I'll start and maybe let Shawn chime in as well. Looking at it, we are very proud of the performance of our Industrial business. I think it comes down to really the outstanding portfolio enhancements we have made over the last year. I mentioned the Industry 360 terminal and other things we launched driving productivity for our customers, and they really pick it up nicely.  When you look at Q2, I mean, the major driver for the decline that we outlined is a very tough compare against a very strong business we have seen in Q2 last year in Industrial.  So we are not concerned about the, I would say, the attractiveness of our products or the engagement we see of our customers simply based a decline on a very tough compare versus last year. In the quarter, we definitely look forward to keeping the momentum or gaining even more momentum with the new products that I indicated like the Industry 400 and 700 and the new industry scales that we are launching. So overall, I would say, not a concern, the decline is purely because we had a very big quarter last year in the industry. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Well, look, when we talk about biopharma, I think the business we really focus on here is our Process Analytics business. Biopharma definitely still has been soft in the first quarter, and we also expected given the year, biopharma customers to be soft in the second quarter as well.  I mean, when we talk about growth in the second half for biopharma, same thing is true for many other businesses we just expect also easier compares. When you look at the underlying engagement and the momentum we are seeing right now, especially in China, we are still facing some inventory issues with our Pro sensors. They're still sitting on some inventory there that they're working down.  On the single-use sensors that you use in biopharma, we're actually also encouraged by, in fact, more recent interest again into single-use sensors that come from our PendoTECH business for biopharma customers. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Very good. Thanks. Matt, I mean, again, we are very proud about the performance of our service business. We had 6% growth in the first quarter against a very strong growth in the first quarter last year. We see strong demand for our services. We continue to build out the service portfolio that we can deliver to our customers. We compete extremely well. We still have a lot of opportunity with the installed base that we have out there, connecting more of our services to the installed base, and we have dedicated marketing programs in place to connect more of the business.  I think that will drive a lot of profitable growth for us moving forward. I'd like to remind you also that our operating profit on services is actually higher than the average of the -- of our portfolio. So that's such a big benefit.  And broadening the portfolio and increasing the reach to our customers with dedicated campaigns and all the go-to-market strategies will help us to continue that momentum that we see behind services. Services is one of the areas that we continue to invest also through the down cycle last year. We have a very strong service team, and we see moving forward still more opportunity out there for services.  Our services are very well recognized in the market by our customers. We have very unique solutions that many of our competitors cannot offer, like, for example, the RapidCal solutions when it comes to tank calibration, et cetera. So it is, again, a big opportunity for us, and we are seeing strong demand, and we'll continue to invest in this business. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Thanks, Catherine. I'm really happy how the team performed in Q1 and how we could resolve that issue that we had in Q4. Actually, I'm looking at all the major KPIs that we have bought I would say, today, we are in a very, very good situation. We can, of course, keep a very close eye on it because a couple of months of great performance is not enough for us to say, everything is locked down. But happy with the performance right now. Our team, our own team has been really deeply engaged with fixing the situation.  I have seen very strong collaboration between our own logistics teams and this external logistics provider to get these issues resolved. And again, we have all monitoring KPIs implies that if we see any deterioration, we will have these teams come back into action. By now, everything is running smooth, which I'm very happy with.  But as everything we do at Mettler-Toledo, there is continued performance improvement plans in place. I mean even here, even though it's now today, we are not satisfied where we are today. We think we can still do better and make this -- really make sure that this is not an issue moving forward, but also continue to deliver outstanding customer experience when it comes to delivery times and quality of deliveries, et cetera, is definitely front and center, with this logistics partner.  We made great progress, and I'm confident that we don't see any issues in the near term, but again, we keep it, we have monitoring KPIs in place to make sure that we don't miss any potential deviation. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. And we see a very good engagement with customers in China as well. The sales team has really good engagement. We monitor very closely. So there's a lot of customer interest out there that I think will help us also to get back to that growth in the second half. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Look, I mean I think we saw very good interest in our products and performance, as we said, better than expected throughout the end markets and product portfolio. If I would point to maybe one segment, it could be Food, actually, the food market, we saw really good interest for our product inspection business that also drove a little bit of the better performance there.  That market definitely -- while there is still same topic about elongated sales cycles, we see that as well. There's strong engagement and a lot of that is driven by our new product portfolio. I mentioned the new X-ray products, new metal detector products, so that drives a lot of customer interest, to be honest.  And also us getting more into what we call the midrange market. We have historically been more focused on the high end of that market. We have a broader portfolio now for mid-range customers, meaning more cost-conscious customers that don't need the highest amount of performance there. But -- and that probably is one of the market segments where I would say that opened up maybe a bit more than expected. But overall, we saw really good engagement across all end markets and geographies. 
