Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Hey, Peter. This is Shawn. I will take that one. So, let me start with our Lab business. So for the fourth quarter, we estimate high single-digit growth in Q4, which would be low double-digit growth for the full year and mid-to-high single-digit growth for 2023. For our Core Industrial business, we estimate mid single-digit growth for Q4, which would be approximately 10% growth for the full year and low-to-mid single-digit growth for 2023. For Product Inspection, we estimate low single-digit growth for Q4, which would approximate mid single-digit growth for the full year and low-to-mid single-digit growth for 2023. And for Food Retailing, we estimate approximately 10% growth in Q4, which would be about low single-digit growth for the full year and mid single-digit growth for 2023. And then, if I kind of go through that by region, in the Americas we estimate high single-digit growth in Q4, which would be low double-digit growth for the full year and mid single-digit growth for next year. For Europe, we are estimating low-to-mid single-digit growth in Q4, which would be mid single-digit growth for the full year and low single-digit growth for 2023 and then for China we are estimating approximately 10% growth in Q4, which would translate to double-digit growth for the full year and we estimate high single-digit growth in 2023.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Yeah. So we were very pleased with our execution of the organization in the quarter and we also continue to see how our value proposition is really are valued in this environment, especially as customers seek more solutions towards automation and digitalization. At the beginning of the quarter we were estimating about 5% price realization for Q3 and we actually came in at in the 6% kind of a range. As we kind of look forward, so we did better than expected. As we kind of look at Q4 we are kind of expecting a similar price realization again in the 6% kind of a range. And then as we looked at 2023, we are estimating about something in the 4% kind of a range. But I would say it’s important to think that we will do a little bit better in the first half of the year because we will get some benefits from some of our pricing actions that happened during 2022 then the second half of the year.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. I mean, hey, I feel like we are doing very well. We feel -- continue to feel good about the things we can control. The teams are executing well. We feel like we are gaining market share. We think that there’s a lot of good trends in the world that we talk about like automation and digitalization and on nearshoring. But of course, yeah, there is uncertainty in the world as well. And I think, more importantly, we are coming off a period of really strong multiyear comparisons. I mean, if you look at like our three year CAGR over the last three years, I think, it’s about 9% organically and so that’s something I think we also need to kind of keep in mind as well, too. So, overall, we feel like this is a good guide at this point in time. Of course, we will see how things play-out as we kind of get into the year and update as we kind of go along. But otherwise there has been no change to our planning process and how we approach things from the past.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Hey. I will take that, Jordan. So, like, I said before we -- we were very pleased with our performance with pricing, Q3 and I have already provided guidance for Q4 and for next year. I think that’s certainly a key lever in our margin assumption. If you kind of look at Q3, we expanded our gross margin by 90 basis points. As we kind of look to Q4, we are looking at about 150 basis points of gross margin expansion. We are looking at a similar amount in 2023 of about 150 basis points and then if you kind of dropped down to operating margin, we expanded our margin by about 250 basis points in Q3, as we kind of look to Q4 we are going to be just under 300 basis points, probably, about 290 basis points. As we look at next year, we are looking at about 160 basis points. And a key ingredient will be our price realization as we go forward as we kind of look towards Q4, we still will see some elevated headwinds in terms of up inflation on material costs, but maybe to a slightly lesser degree than what we saw in Q3.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. So in terms of orders, as you are probably familiar, we don’t -- we only typically have about a month and a half or so of backlog, so we typically don’t comment on orders or backlog. But of course, we consider that in our guidance for the fourth quarter and for next year. In terms of Europe, I don’t know if I’d add too much to what Patrick said in our opening remarks. I mean one area that we have seen some slowdown to a certain degree is in packaged foods, in particularly the impact on our Product Inspection businesses, companies are delaying investments in CapEx in that area and Product Inspection would fit into CapEx, which is not the typical part of our portfolio, a lot of our -- most of our sales are and below $10,000, but Product Inspection is above that. And then as we kind of look at the energy crisis, I mean, we still hear good things from our organization, but we are also mindful of the overall situation and the potential impact on industries like the chemical industry.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Hey. Good questions, Tim. Hey. So the first one -- let me start with this -- I will kind of end with the second one -- I will start with the second one first. So, I think, the best way, I mean, I recognize what you are saying the relationship between sales and EPS. But I would say, probably, the best way to think about it is our -- to look at our major exposures, so our largest exposure would be the U.S. dollar to the renminbi. And so for about every 1% change in the renminbi to the U.S. dollar that would affect our operating profit of about $3.5 million to $4 million. And then if you -- the second largest exposure would be our Swiss franc to the euro. So, if you think about it we are long in euro, but we are short in franc and that kind of creates inherent natural hedge within the company and so we look at the cross rate. And so as the Swiss franc changes are the or the -- as that cross rate changes every 1% has an effect of about $2 million on our operating profit. And so I think that’s how I would probably look at it and then I don’t have a really good proxy for the dollar against the rest of the basket of currencies, but those are the two major impacts on our earnings. In terms of -- what was the first price costs, okay, yeah.
Shawn Vadala: If the certainly in terms of price cost, I mean, I think, you saw that we were able to respond very well to inflationary headwinds in 2022. Of course, it can take a quarter or two for us to be able to actually get the actions into the market. But if we were confronted with a similar situation next year, I think, we would react exactly the same way and I think that the market understands inflation, our organization was able to do a great job articulating and explaining that to the market. And then, I think, most importantly, we are providing really strong value propositions to the market that they appreciate and the ability to support them and provide these value propositions is highly appreciated and also supports our price realization going-forward.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Hey, Alonso. So, you can imagine there’s a lot of moving parts in terms of our gross margin assumption in our different material categories. There are going to be some benefits next year where we have seen things like electronic components, we have seen or expect to see some benefits next year, but of course, there’s other categories like where we have had a do broker buys this year going out several months where we are going to have to carry additional cost into next year is two like simple examples. I think the best way to think about the impact on margin next year is that, overall we were expecting 150-basis-point improvement in our gross margin, about 170 basis points of that will come from our pricing assumptions and then it will be offset by a wide range of other categories in this inflation basket. And as you kind of think about material cost assumptions for next year, I think we are going to -- right now we are planning on something more modest probably in the low single-digit kind of arrange.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Thank you. I will take the question. Look, in Europe and Product Inspection, a lot of them are large international, multinational companies and what we are seeing is that, they are not canceling projects, but they are delaying projects. I think, overall, they have become a bit more cautious with the projects and how they are spending their money at least in this quarter, and probably, also in Q4, so they are postponing projects and they have, I would say, better line-of-sight of how things develop in Europe. It’s not specific to any particular country in Europe. So, I would say, you can see just from most are from several customers but it’s not linked to one country overall.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. I think you will see an update on our business and our different initiatives. We will walk you through that and then we will kind of also talk about some of our exciting opportunities to continue to expand our margins through supply chain and pricing. And then it’s going to be -- the Investor Day is going to be based, actually we are here right now in Massachusetts at our Process Analytics business and so we are going to feature that business and so show you -- showcase that business in a lot more detail and then kind of also show you kind of how we serve the value stream of a typical biopharma customer.
Shawn Vadala: And I think the key is like you kind of go back, Josh kind of asked about an upside-downside at the beginning and in the end it is going to be a lot to do with the macro.
Shawn Vadala: Like, there are a lot of big topics out there in the world and if they go away, any one of them would -- could be an up -- could be a good upside for us and if they worsen, I mean, it could be a downside and those are things out of our control and as an organization we just to stay agile and we continue to try to monitor…
Shawn Vadala: Hey. Maybe I will take it and if Patrick wants to add something from the customer perspective. Let me start with our internal. So, the first comment I would say is, we are extremely happy with our global supply chain organization. Really tremendous, just really great job in terms of supporting customers for the last few years during the pandemic and it’s been a competitive advantage that really has. We -- Patrick and I were just traveling around the world, visiting our different businesses and we just heard several antedotes from around the world about how we are able -- our delivery times, they might be a little longer than they were in the past, but they are significantly better than competition. And that’s allowed us to gain share in different cases and so we feel really good about that. Now, of course, the other side of that is, we have carried higher inventory levels, higher safety stocks in different categories to be able to make sure that we could do that. As we -- I mean, I don’t think it’s necessary to get into any particular detail with one category or another, there’s different types of components and the different that are key to a wide range of our portfolio. We have about 130,000 SKUs. So you can imagine it’s pretty complex and I think Blue Ocean has allowed us to have the visibility through the supply chain to manage that complexity and know where we had to increase safety stocks. But now as we kind of look to 2023 and with shipping times., especially coming from China into the U.S. dramatically shortening just recently. We feel like we are in a position also to reduce those levels in 2023, which was included of course in our outlook and our guidance for 2023. From a customer perspective, probably, the one area that we have heard some noise in the area of pipette tips. Difficult to quantify exactly how much that is to kind of in our business, I mean, our -- but overall we are very pleased with our overall pipette tips business. The instrument sales are actually continuing to grow very well with really good demand in biopharma research. But as you say on the consumable side we were down in the third quarter. And then it’s hard to have visibility through our customers in that, but it’s also not a significant impact to our overall business.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Very good. Thanks for the question Josh. Yeah. So, look, LabX, we are really happy how LabX is being rolled out to more customers around the world. It has a very strong reputation in the market for those who are not aware, not -- who don’t know the background of LabX, it’s our instrument control software for our Lab products, for most of our Lab products actually Baloney controls instrument. It also reflects the entire workflows. So it’s a very strong software solution that helps our customers also on the compliance and data integrity side. And it’s definitely one of the strong selling points for us for pharma customers and Lab customers who are on the even more strict compliance restrictions and as we increasingly connect more whole Lab instruments through LabX, it’s becoming a strong differentiator for us as well positioning our products in the broader lab space. Again, we continue to roll out -- to roll this out, but only if key accounts who had several accounts, using our LabX software on a broader base, but we see very strong success around -- in this indoor Lab space, we expect that we continued to connect more instruments moving forward, our goal is to have for most of our instruments connected to LabX and helping our customers are said to reflect the entire workflow with our instruments and having the software backbone to not only stored data but also reflective workflows, et cetera. Really strong selling proposition for us and also against our competitors who don’t have a similar solution. So I am really happy with where we are and we continue to add features and again connect more instruments moving forward.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. Look, this as Patrick. We are very pleased with our results in China. As you said, we are 15% in the quarter and we also have forecast double-digit growth for the fourth-quarter. So we are really happy how China is supporting for us. We have a very strong organization there and it’s really performing extremely well. We have not been affected big time by the corporate lock towns, our manufacturing sites continue to manufacture restrictions, but they have been operational. We see our sales team, as we said in the remarks, also really fully leveraging the Spinnaker tools to really reach out to customers and capture the fast growing segments in China, as well as a lot of momentum behind for some electrical vehicles, battery segment, the lithium-ion segment, but we are also seeing still very good growth in pharma and biopharma in China. So we are -- actually we have continued to be very pleasantly surprised by the performance, again, we have been optimistic for Q3. It totally came in as expected or even better and our outlook for China is still positive long-term, of course, so anyway positive. Short-term, there always risk in China, of course, as we all acknowledge that can be short-term lockdown impacts or others, but I think, you should look at China from a long-term growth perspective. It’s very promising. I think we will continue to see growth. We have organization there that is very strong both on the sales and marketing side, but also don’t forget we have manufacturing and R&D Day as well. And from that perspective, I think, we have a really good understanding about what drives market momentum in China and can also quickly adopt to fast growing segments and capture those.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. Absolutely. I will take that, look, we are very happy with how PendoTECH is performing. It has been probably one of the best acquisitions in terms of overall growth, may not in total volume, but overall growth. It’s really exceeding our expectations. We are very happy we are still seeing strong demand from our end customers. And we continue to build out the organization. We started, as you know, mainly as pressure sensors, in the future we look into additional single-use sensors as well. It’s now in the meantime really well-connected and engrained in the overall product process business. So we are very optimistic on the outlook for the business moving forward.
Patrick Kaltenbach: We are flipping a coin. Okay. As it is -- as we did, of course, there are still ongoing multiple risks and it’s not only Europe and in China, we are talking potentially about continued lockdowns related to COVID-19, but it is not yet clarity of how that will evolve further, talk maybe for -- I mean, it’s about Europe, I mean, again the war in Europe, it related to energy crisis, et cetera, just shows quite some uncertainty in the outlook of 2023. Of course if that would be resolved we would see upside to our current projection. But who knows? I mean, it’s -- there is no short-term resolution in sight and that’s actually also not really clear about how big those impacts will be, right? How many of the chemical customers will be affected, will there be like program…
Patrick Kaltenbach: I mean, what I want to say is, also looking back just the last crisis, we went into COVID-19 and in our organization really demonstrated incredible agility to adjust the market conditions and we will apply similar same measures as moving forward if any new crisis comes up. I think we are very well-trained and very agile and have demonstrated actually how we can react to changing market conditions and the flexibility of organizations and the tools we have in place, as I have said, also in my remarks at the beginning, we have the tools in place where we can very quickly identify pockets of growth in the market and send our sales team to those and capture those opportunities as they come up.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Well, look as you rightfully said, it’s a smaller part of our business, it’s about 5% of the total business. We are -- we have seen really good projects over the last couple of months, where we have been really successful. We are also looking at rollout often upgrade portfolio of products and we are optimistic of the product we have. But in terms of the overall volatility in the market, we don’t see any short-term changes. Again, I mentioned also in the markets that we have in China we are currently facing an issue with the lockdown, which affects a lot of the retail customers there and we don’t know exactly how long that will continue. If that eases up there is probably some upside. But volatility I don’t expect a total significant change in 2023. What we do, I want to say is, that we have, again, with the strong portfolio and also the number of projects we have won over the last couple of months, it also gives us confidence in the portfolio.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. I would say, not significant also, because we didn’t service or serve the majority after COVID testing labs, right now a majority -- Shawn as you said, have been biopharma research labs, et-cetera, which didn’t overstock to the same extent as a lot of testing customers did.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. I can take. No. We are -- actually good question, but no, we have not heard any significant impact or changes driven by any government initiatives at the moment.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Lucy [ph] on for Patrick. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could delve a little bit into what you are seeing in Europe, you said that maybe there sort of weakness on Product Inspection. Was that a particular countries, is that the entire region just, any more color there would be helpful? Thank you and I have one more.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you. And then, in terms of the Investor Day coming up, anything around the share what we can expect for that, I am not that gloomy? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Awesome. That’s super helpful. And then just one more on -- you noticed previously that there had been some rumblings of potential government stimulus in different regions, particularly in China and that could probably benefit the region. Have you noticed any sort of updates on that, have you heard any updates on that and that’s it. Thank you so much.
