Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page two of the presentation. We had local currency sales growth of 5% in the quarter with strong results in the Americas. We also performed well in Europe and are very pleased with the growth in this region, particularly given the strong comparisons from the previous year. Our industrial business in China has proven more challenging than expected, but our lab and retail business in China did quite well, as did most of the other regions in Asia and rest of world. With the continued benefit of our margin enhancement and cost control initiatives, we again generated good growth in EPS of 13% in the quarter and this despite currency headwinds. While economic uncertainty exists and currency will continue to be a headwind for us, we feel good about our growth prospects for 2015 and beyond. I will have some further comments later on the call, but now will turn it to Bill to cover the numbers.
Olivier Filliol: So let me take maybe the first part of the question. The first thing I want to say, we, for many years, said our Chinese business is skewed toward industrial versus our global average and what we are seeing now for a while is that the lab business is doing better than industrial and accordingly the mix start also to shift to gradually to lab and we have seen now good lab momentum for quite a while. I wouldn't say that the lab, we see an acceleration in lab growth, I would say, hey, we are continuously happy with what we are seeing. I think last year we had similar results and I do expect that this goes on in that way. And I am happy when I see kind of high single-digit, low double-digit growth for lab. I think that's a very healthy number and if it continues that way, we are happy.
Olivier Filliol: Hi, Tycho. I would add that we have taken cost measures last year in China and have certainly be proactive also in terms of the portfolio and in that sense, I feel that we have the right franchise. And the second point that I would add is the Chinese business remains highly profitable for us. And so it doesn't demand the same way of cost measures as we might have in other situations when we have such sharp declines.
Olivier Filliol: This is something that has been ongoing for a while and it's a journey. So this will take us many years to really get to the level that we are fully satisfied. We are doing multiple things. So we have efforts to really make it much easier for the salespeople to automatically attach the service offering to any product quote that we are doing. We are helping them with new tools that we have. We help them with new service offerings. We have been upgrading all of the marketing material across all the different channels. So with that, I mean, also on our website, print materials and all these things. And then we are working on training for the sales people and we are working on the incentives around that and we are making progress across the world on the topic, but there are still very big differences by country in terms of, this is a journey that in terms of change management, but also kind of developing it in a country. Feel positive about the progress but there is still quite a way to go before we have fully utilized or capitalized on the opportunity.
Olivier Filliol: At this stage, not. Actually we are working already on additional plans. But of course, we will see a little bit how things will play out in the coming weeks and months. But I am actually optimistic that we are going to implement as we were actually planning. And we have really great ideas. The teams have further expanded their analysis to identify new opportunities and I have multiple projects that were already submitted and I am excited. In that context, maybe also want to say that the ones that we initiated late last year are progressing very well. The big majority have been recruited and are onboarded and are now in training mode. I am actually optimistic that we are going to see good impact from it. And in that sense, if things don't change, we would go on another way.
Olivier Filliol: I want to highlight maybe that we need to have continuous product innovation and come up with new product in all the different product categories. They are important to expand our lead versus competition and it's critical also to drive the replacement business. But typically, when we introduce a new product, it benefits that product category, but for the whole group it's not so important. It doesn't really move the needle that much. And I am excited about the two products that I just mentioned on the call. No question. But they are not going to make a huge difference. But they are important for the next couple of years. So I think every time on every quarter's call I highlight two or three product innovation that we have to show to you guys how broad our innovation is and we are going to continue. Actually for the full year, we have a very nice product pipeline and launch pipeline, pretty much across all the different businesses. And yes, I feel good, i.e. for example, just remember last year we talked about inspection product that we launched and we were just talking here about earlier this week how they had really an impact this product launches. So I would have a hard time to single out one product for you here.
Olivier Filliol: No. We are really very steady. We are in the market every day. We don't try to time the market at all. It's really -- Mary has a program where it actually basically buys everyday. And we have in that sense a very consistent policy.
Olivier Filliol: I think we have accepted that currency volatility is probably something that we are going to face also for the future. We had significant in the recent past, in particular around the Swiss Franc. But of course, the dollar appreciation is also very real and we expect that to go on. The key measures that we take against it is first on the pricing side. We always look also on what kind of opportunities this offers and how this relates to competition, but also can we adjust or not. So we sometimes do a very targeted mid-year price increases to mitigate a currency impact. And then currency changes can also have an impact on where we locate resources and we take measures around that one. And these are typically not a quick hit, but things that we do over time. We have had, for example in recent years, programs in Switzerland to address things. And we have, for example, built up local country service organization and these are certainly things that we will continue to do in the coming years.
Olivier Filliol: Actually we see some delays but this can also be related to the leadership. The new leadership team really putting in place and all the people around the different decision-making bodies and that probably slows down things. We certainly have concrete examples that's the case. But otherwise, I wouldn't connect it to your first point.
Olivier Filliol: If I take the early indicators like leads, these quote requests and so on, I don't see supporting point. In contrary, I would say, overall it continue to be healthy.
Olivier Filliol: Initially we were seeing this January, February thing and we were kind of explaining it with that. But when we had the actual results of March and visibility also about Q2, we wouldn't connected it to that. I think no, that's not the explanation.
Olivier Filliol: I think it's very broad based. I really feel that way. Of course, the European numbers are still strong, particularly if I look on a two-year base that I feel particularly confident about that one. But actually also the U.S. numbers and for emerging markets like Southeast Asia, India and so on, I have also very high confidence. And for some of the markets, it's maybe a little more difficult because there I have less data point from competitors to really compare. But honestly it's really broad based across the different business lines and across the geographies.
Olivier Filliol: So out of the program that we initiated last year, we are talking about roughly 200 front-end resources that we added throughout the world. Most of these resources, as mentioned before, are hired and onboarded and now kind of in training. So you can imagine that they start now to have some impact but it takes time until they really have here an impact that is significant to us. Typically it takes six to nine months to cover that cost and then from then on, actually we start to have a good payback. It increases actually more on a linear base then exponentially and we would typically expect four to five years until such an additional salesperson plateaus in terms of sales growth. I think that if you, kind of an indication and so it's a pre-investments, but we just break even rapidly and then having actually a better contribution in particular in the second year.
Olivier Filliol: Our view on M&A really remains unchanged, in the sense that M&A is part of our strategy. I like to do M&A cases but they need to be strategically really fit into the franchise. If there are close adjacencies, if they add from a technology standpoint, or gives us an opportunity to consolidate our market position in certain country, we are going to pursue it. And it's actually much less financially driven in the sense that I say foremost strategy needs to be right and then the financial needs to be right in terms of business case and we remain very disciplined on that one. I do not foresee a change in that one, even with what you alluded to about we seeing nicely improved profitability and so I think the nicely improved profitability gives us the opportunity to further invest in organic growth. The field turbo, for example, are good examples of that. So I don't expect a change in the strategy, but I want to reinforce even that we have only done very few M&A in the recent quarters that we are very committed to it. And we are actually constantly working on cases and we have a good pipeline on the radar screen kind of cases that we try to nurture, but it's also we are now in an environment where people are willing to pay premiums for acquisitions and here we stay disciplined and so we will see how it plays.
Olivier Filliol: Your numbers are high and the way I want you to look at it is, the field turbo are part of us to achieve the mid-single-digit growth that we always talking to you guys. So we are not suggesting here with field turbo that we are going to accelerate our growth and you are going to certainly see higher growth rates.
Bill Donnelly: So maybe a couple of more granular comments on the China industrial and then I will speak to your comments, maybe about 2016. So when we look at the numbers in our Chinese industrial business, it was interesting for us that it was pretty consistent across pretty much every customer segment, pretty much all the industrial product categories and as well it was interesting it was smaller size orders as well as larger order. So one of the takeaways from us on that last point is that there appears to be a pullback not just in new projects but in, what you would call, typical replacement cycle stuff in China as well as to a certain extent what people are adding individual instruments maybe it's a new instrument but it's into an existing lab. And I think we have seen in the past in Europe and North America what happens when people are kind of delaying their replacement cycles. We do usually get that back up. So that, in theory, should make us feel pretty good about an improving environment next year, but that being said, I think we would acknowledge both Olivier and I were surprised with how this year started. I think we were all a little bit thinking, how to look at their business with the change in how the Chinese New Year fell but then it became pretty clear when we saw how March was going to play out, that things have changed in the industrial market. So we are feeling that competitively things are in good shape. We should continue to be able to gain share there and the market will improve in part because the replacement cycle will come back a little bit and we will have easier comps. But after having a the quarter like that, it's tough to make great statements about 2016 at this stage, Steve.
Bill Donnelly: So it looks like it will be down in Q2, similar to what it was down in Q1. If I look at the second half of the year, it's probably going to be a few points better, but still down, Tycho.
Bill Donnelly: As you saw in the current number, I think if we look globally at our cost management programs and margin enhancement programs, they are really going well. I mean, the EPS growth there was, if you pull out the impact of currencies, was north of 15%. I think 17.5% or something like that. And so we feel like we have a cost structure that makes sense. If we look at our Chinese business and our Asian business overall, we see no reason to really do pullbacks. What we did do in China, we will continue to do this resource reallocation that we have been talking to you guys about the last couple of years where we are moving into segments that we think or moving resources into segments that we think will grow for the long term. The lab business, the product inspection business, the process analytics business as well as I am thinking about customer segments and so maybe we will have a change in the mix of resources in China, but we are committed to China. We like China for the long term. So we don't expect any overall changes in that.
Bill Donnelly: So pricing was up, I believe, 190 basis points and contributed about 90 bips to the gross profit margin increase. Our material costs were down about 140 bips and that contributed a little more than 30 bips to the cost of sales. In terms of the reasons for that, certainly Blue Ocean is an enabler, but I would say that it's, broadly speaking, the program that we put around it, like Blue Ocean, is a tool that gives us certain opportunities and then we have, within the organization, pricing specialists, the front-end people working towards that on the pricing side and similarly in our manufacturing operations we have global procurement teams working with the unit procurement guys and they have some new tools with Blue Ocean to do better in category management and other ways. So I do expect that we will continue to have good price realization and continue to take down material costs, I will broadly say, at similar kind of levels for the coming quarters.
Bill Donnelly: It is going to continue to do well. Let me give you some, so for the full year it will be, let's call it, somewhere approaching 200 bips, okay. And we did a little bit more in this first quarter, but that has a little bit to do with the impact of the hedges are kind of static number, the impact of the hedges and as the sales numbers, this our lowest quarter in terms of sales. So the impact of the hedges isn't as large, but yes I think we feel good about what we are doing. We actually, Olivier and I, reviewed the presentation with some of our front-end leaders earlier this week on the whole topic of pricing looking at some of the new tools that we are developing from an analytical perspective, but as well as tools for the front-end and we continue to come up with good ideas and reasons to think that pricing will continue to be a sustainable advantage for us and a good value driver for the company.
Bill Donnelly: There is a smaller impact on 2016. If I were look at from a EPS perspective, think about we have 1% headwind to EPS for the piece of the hedge that roll off in 2016 and then an additional 2% for the piece in 2017.
Bill Donnelly: Yes. Maybe to add to Olivier, it's kind of probably to Brazil and Russia, we would both say the impact of energy prices has probably been as big on purchasing behavior as the impact of the currencies themselves.
Bill Donnelly: China is disproportionate and Russia are both disproportionately low on service. So our service growth is basically the same assumption that we started the year with, which is kind of a mid-single-digit kind of number. And we would expect that no reason to change that number.
Bill Donnelly: Yes. We did see some improved growth, though there is better growth, maybe in the western part of the country, but still proportionately that's a smaller piece compared to the traditional manufacturing markets of China, Shanghai, for example. We opened up our Chengdu plant this quarter. That's certainly is a nice addition, but still proportionately the west is relatively small compared to those traditional areas but there was better growth, to your question.
Bill Donnelly: Okay. So our Japan business was up, let's call it low single digits, but I wanted to highlight that was against the plus mid-teens number a year ago because of a project. So I would expect that number to be modestly improving as the year progressed.
Bill Donnelly: I think Olivier and I will take this one maybe together. I think the first one we would probably on the industrial side say it's the smallest one. We do see that lead times on bigger projects that the government is behind directly or through state-owned companies, maybe take a little bit longer, but I don't think of that as the biggest one and probably the other two.
Bill Donnelly: And the second too probably is, it's tough to judge. Maybe I would lean to the second one being a little bit more because of what I commented on, with regard to the replacement cycle, but it would be tough to quantify it.
Bill Donnelly: I might add, Steve, that as a reminder, we had a smaller field turbo program, including in Europe in 2013 and clearly we think part of our success in Europe and in the Americas, but particularly, Europe is partly related to that.
Bill Donnelly: So yes, there is nothing special there, It's all a little [indiscernible] for you, but we are cash flow, I mean, you know our full-year number and you know that the first quarter is typically a period of time where we are more of a net borrower, we are anyway for the full-year a net borrower because of the extra repurchases and the first quarter is the weakest quarter, cash flow wise. So with regard to its relationship to interest expense, I can't think of anything that's changing or that has changed. You have seen what we have done debt issuance wise.
Bill Donnelly: So we did 190 bips in first quarter and if we can say, somewhere in the 1.75% to 2% range, I think that that's a real realistic expectation.
Bill Donnelly: And Jon, Olivier and I, both continue to believe that in the medium term, we can't, let's call it mid-single-digit organic local currency growth, deliver mid-teens EPS growth in a constant currency environment and we have, while the absolute margins are getting higher, we have one of our biggest programs that we have invested in to drive margin enhancement with the Blue Ocean program being an enabler. We are only roughly halfway done with that. And so there is more to come in terms of that. And then, of course, we are saying that knowing that the amortization is kicking in and that intangible asset and that will mean even better free cash flow yield in terms of our EPS numbers as well. So we think the organic -- there will be nice acquisition opportunities, but we believe that the organic financial story has many years to run.
