Patrick Kaltenbach: Thanks, Mary, and good evening everyone. We had a great finish to 2021 with strong fourth quarter results. We capitalized on robust customer demand and executed very well, particularly we respect our supply chain to meet customer demands.  The strength and agility of the teams around the world are reflected in these results. The highlights of the quarter are on page three of the presentation. Local currency sales growth was 11% and we have particular strong growth in the Americas and Asia and rest of the world. Both our laboratory and industrial product lines performed very well. As expected, food retail was a headwind to overall sales growth as we again had a significant decline in the quarter. Despite pacing higher material and transportation costs due to challenges in the supply chain, we had very solid growth in adjusted operating profit and strong growth in adjusted EPS in the quarter.  The fourth quarter was the end to an excellent year of results. For the full year we achieved an 18% increase in local currency sales, a 26% increase in adjusted operating profit, which resulted in a margin improvement of 130 basis points. We have – we had outstanding 32% growth in adjusted EPS and finally, cash flow generation in 2021 was excellent.  We not only achieved great results. We also strengthen our competitive position in 2021 as innovation nourished our excellent product portfolio and comprehensive services offering combinable with our Spinnaker sales and marketing strategies, helped us capture growth opportunities.  We also did a good job navigating the hurdles in the global supply chain. Our agility and excellent execution further reinforced our already strong brand. Importantly, our impressive results last year allowed us to make important investments for future growth. We are confident in our ability to continue to gain share and believe we are ideally positioned to deliver strong results in 2022 and beyond.  I will have some additional comments later, but let me turn it first to Shawn to cover the financial results. Shawn.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah, let me take that term. Look, I mean our business in China has been very strong. We have a very strong footprint in China. We have been there for 30 years. We served many customers that are broad based. Also as a reminder of more than 40% of all business in China is industrial business, but to biopharma and what we’re seeing there is very healthy trends for us. We have overall not seen impacts from lockdowns in the last quarter and right now this is what we are hearing from the team, is they are not concerned of any of the impact that you mention regarding biopharma right now. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Maybe I’ll start Shawn and let you chime in as well. So let me talk to the product categories. I mean we see sustained demand, healthy demand in our lab business moving forward, so we – and Shawn gave you the numbers in terms of the growth expectations, so lab I would say holds up very strong. It has been strong in Q4 ready. We are also pleasantly surprised by the momentum that we still see in industrial, driven by demand for automation and digitalization and our product portfolio that we have there really serves the demand very well. I think I mentioned in my comments also the fact that we’re still seeing some healthy appetite in product inspections from some of the packaged food companies out there.  So overall I would say we are actually, on a broader front across these categories that I just mentioned, we are nicely surprised that we see stronger demand than we anticipated when we gave you the last guidance and that's why we raised the guidance. That's basically – I wouldn't point to any specific end market here, not to any specific region I would say. Overall obviously better demand than we expected. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: No, look I wouldn't say there was catch up or any pent-up demand. We see really strong demand for our products. We have a very strong product portfolio. I think it competes extremely well, but we also have been able to deliver to our end customers and that came to some extent as some cost as Shawn also mentioned that drives – that has a little bit of impact on our gross margin, because we do broker buys, etc. the make components more expensive, but it's very important for us to really make sure that we can deliver products to our customers. Overall, I think we see very strong demand for our products and it's reflected in those numbers. There's not a specific market segment that I would point to. Pharma, biopharma as we said is very strong for us in labs , but is also of course deployed in other segments like even in battery segment or if you look at the – some broader chemical segment of course. All of the last buy products from us and there is a demand from these end markets, none of them really specifically that sticks out in terms of change versus what we have guided regarding Q4. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Okay Shawn, I’ll take it, okay. We are really happy with the results of product inspection in Q4 and also with the full year results. We are clearly a leader in product inspections. We have the broadest product range and also the largest services network. Our outlook for 2022 is good and we are assuming that we see more investment from last manufacturing. So there's some pent-up demand and that's why we also guided to double digit growth in the first quarter and we expect this segment for us to perform really, really well.  But also as a reminder to understand, food manufacturers represented only about 70% of our product inspection business. And these customers have been impacted by COVID. Remember last year we talked about the fact that it was also difficult for all the service people to get in some of these accounts and deliver service. That is coming back. It has come nicely back, so we will also see better service growth that we had last year in this segment as well. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: We'll look – a very good question Matt, thanks. I mean we continuously invest in Blue Ocean since many, many years, so . We have right now about 85% of the overall business is on Blue Ocean. But we still have a couple of rolling to do, but we are making good progress there.  Definitely the investments we are doing are all targeting productivity enhancements across the board, so we will continue to benefit from those. Whether it will be an acceleration of margin improvement, I don't think so. I mean we have some history. We have made all these good improvements in margin expansion. So I wouldn't put that into consideration when we move forward.  We will make – we will continue to make improvements, but I think we will see acceleration just by the fact that we do these investments of Blue Ocean. We have done this in the past and making great process. We are absolutely convinced, it is a competitive advantage for us and it will continue to drive improvements, but not accelerate it. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah well, I mean it's – look, I have to get that out. Our confidence in Q1 is driven by the demand we are seeing. As we said, we are dramatically impacted by any lockdowns in China right now. There is of course a little bit uncertainty moving forward. It might have some impact, but we are pretty confident that on 10% that we have given you for Q1. We see the demand, we see the regions performing not only Asia Pacific and not only China; it’s also the US and Europe is performing as we expect and that gives us confidence that we will have a solid, really solid Q1.  In terms of you know the outlook questions, it’s a little bit of both, it’s a little bit of volume and it’s also of course a little bit of pricing. I mean we don't want quantify it. Shawn already make comments on pricing, but it’s a component of both. We have volume increase and we have some pricing impact as well. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: That's true for both, that’s true for material but also transportation. We don't think that will ease up before the second half. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Very good question Catherine, thank you. I mean look, I think we have very good potential in consumables and services. In services of course we are going after our installed base, making sure that those customers who do not have their products on the contract can also switch to contract, because it just gives them a more reliable service panel, all in terms of you know early maintenance, etc.  The 10% we have seen, both definitely very strong in Q4. I would say my expectation for services, it maintains in the high single digit range for 2022. It’s a very profitable business for us and we are putting a lot of emphasis on making sure that our customers understand the benefits of our services and we are broadening the service offering over time. So I think this has quite some runway. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: I think it will probably continue as it played out in 2021 and 2020 into probably next one or two years. That’s what we are seeing at least from some of the accounts that we are closely monitoring, and I think it's not only pharma by the way. We see also some very good momentum in semiconductor where you know the big facility is coming up now in the United States where a lot of core facilities are coming back to the United States, which is also a very good business for us. So I think that again that will continue from our perspective at least through 2022 and may be also 2023. It's definitely some good tailwind for the overall market. 
Patrick Kaltenbach: Very good question. Maybe, I’ll start with some backdrop. We believe we have strength in our competitive position throughout the pandemic and tend to believe that we are coming out of COVID strong. We have a very strong foundation across many businesses, we have market leading positions, we have excellent product portfolio and a global service network.  I think we are able to adapt our sales and marketing tools and techniques to the new environment and as a result we continue to gain share as we mentioned it many times, despite a challenge in these environments. Our market is nicely rebounded in 2021 and it worked very effectively to capitalize on these growth.  Now looking forward, I still think you should think about us as a mid-single digit growth on an organic basis in the mid-term. That’s about the dimension that we also think about it. It of course will depend on how the underlying market performs. It goes back to where it has been pre-pandemic. I think that’s the wide range we are thinking right now. Of course if there is a momentum in the market, we will – again our goal is to grow above our underline market. But, I would like you to think still a mid-single digits. 
Shawn Vadala: Yeah hey! Maybe so, I guess there's two parts to that question. So you know in terms of our M&A strategy, I’ll let Patrick kind of comment on that, but no change in our strategy. We still think we're a great platform for bolt-on acquisitions. We also feel very strongly about our organic story. So we're very selective in terms of the acquisitions.  But if you look at like the PendoTECH acquisition we did last year, I think that's a really excellent example of the type of acquisition that we're looking for and PendoTECH of course has been a great addition to Mettler-Toledo. In terms of capital deployment, you know we also feel good about our share repurchase program. The programs continues to be very successful from our perspective and we target about 1.5x net leverage ratio and right now we're expecting to repurchase about $1 billion of shares in 2022 and as a reminder, we do that on a very consistent basis throughout the year. 
Shawn Vadala: Yeah hey! We typically don't get too much into like the specific assumptions for the low end and the high end. I mean we – you know for the top line for example we said approximately 7%, so I don't want to try to start deviating from is the you know six point this or seven point that or you know the margin is a little bit lower, a little bit higher, but you know you could probably flex your model and get a sense for you know what that would translate in terms of an EPS range. But you know you can appropriate Josh. I mean there's a lot of – you know there's a lot of ingredients into the recipe. At this point and time of the year a lot of things can change as we get into the year. It’s a very, very dynamic environment and so there's always going to be things that can be a little bit better, but there's – of course there's things that can be a little bit worse. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes, so the Americans yeah was up a little bit. I mean we just continue to – I mean you saw what we did in the fourth quarter in the Americans as well. I mean it's just really, not the overuse the word, but really good momentum, very broad based growth in the portfolio and that was despite our food retailing business being down in the quarter.  You know I would say our industrial business is – you know our lab business is doing very well, but our industrial business continues to be really resilient and performing well and as Patrick was saying earlier, you know we very much are benefiting from a lot of these trends towards automation and digitalization. I mean there's just a huge demand in the world to be more productive and we're just very fortunate to be in a position to be able to help serve that demand. And you know the teams have done just such a great job in this division. There's a lot of good innovation; there’s also really good execution and you know as we've been trying to also pivot the business towards the more attractive market segments over the years, we continue to see that paying a lot of dividends. And then also as Patrick mentioned, you know there are these hot segments in the world, both on the lab side and the industrial side that we also have been good at in terms of capturing growth. 
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, I’ll take that. Good questions on industrial. I think it is – as we look into 2022, of course we will face tougher comparisons as I said as we’re going deeper into 2022 towards the second half, but we see good demand in the end markets. It’s driven efficiently in all major regions by demand automation and for digitalization; Shawn mentioned that as well. That’s really a fundamental driver.  We have an outstanding performance – platform there on the product side to serve those demands and we are confident that also the new products that we launched this year like the industry 362 and one of our media presence, these demands nicely, and that we think it will continue in 2022. Of course, even if you have tougher comparisons you can all see the same growth rate in the second half, but we are competing extremely well that. On your comment regarding PendoTECH, we was very pleased with that acquisition. Actually it outperformed our expectations in 2021 and we see continued strong demand as we go into 2022 for the products. 
Shawn Vadala: No. Hey Jack, this is Shawn. We are not seeing that impact any of our customer demand at all. An interesting comment, but no, we are not seeing it from a customer side. 
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, I mean we're not seeing anything specific in our business Matt, but it's just that general, you know knowledge that everyone has about, like there’s just a lot of things going on there. I mean it could be – like you said it could be COVID, it could be lock-downs, the way that they handle COVID with their zero tolerance policy, you know could have implications on the business or in the local economy.  PMIs have been floating right around 50 on and off, but there's always uncertainty there and then there's always – and we always say things can change quickly there, right, they can go in either direction very quickly, that's always been our history there. So I think for us it's always important to remind people that when we give guidance to provide that type of caution so that people understand those risks.  But when we look at China, and we look to the medium and the long term, we were very favorable. I mean we continue to feel very good about the growth, we continue to feel very good about our business. We feel like a lot of the government's focus with their five year plan, in terms of life-sciences and health and safety, a lot of the emerging industries that they are heavily investing in, they all played very well to our portfolio. And this general theme of automation and digitalization also is a big theme in China as well. And so – and as they continue to expand the economic development to the west, I mean we’ll – our industrial business will also benefit. So we continue to feel very strongly about it, but in the short term there can always be volatility.
Shawn Vadala: No. Hey Vijay! This is Shawn. No, I mean – basically we just saw the cost inputs increase much faster than what we expected, and it was kind of broad based in a lot of different cost categories, but I’d probably highlight electronic components as an area that was much higher than the others, and also transportation costs came in higher than expected which was a little bit of a surprise if you just think about like, it's not a new topic and we were already facing cost headwinds in terms of transportation going back to Q4 of last year.  But like we always say, like I think the key in this environment is to make sure that we have – you know the systems in place to be able to monitor these changes and so that we can react quickly and I think you know – and that’s what we are doing. We are highly focused on it as an organization.  We are going to see some similar trends in Q1, but I think as you kind of look to the full year, we certainly still feel good about our ability to expand margins and as I said earlier, before we still believe we’ll expand our gross margin for the full year, 30 basis to 40 basis points, and then from an operating margin perspective we’ll expect to be at the high end of our typical guidance, probably around 90 basis points at the midpoint of the guidance. 
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, hey good question, Brandon. Hey! So in terms of pricing, it's probably slightly better on the lab side than on the industrial side. And if I just think about the portfolio, but of course you know we'll have good price increases in both divisions. In terms of material costs, I think we'll certainly see a drag, you know probably through certainly in the first half of the year. I'd like to think by the time we get to Q4 we are not going to see a drag and so hopefully there's a little bit of a benefit by the time we get to the fourth quarter. But I wouldn't count on too much right now until we see things play out. 
Shawn Vadala: Yes sure. So our lab business in the fourth quarter grew about high 20s and then our industrial business in the quarter grew mid-single digit, and you know kind of for the full year, we are expecting lab to be probably like low double digit and then with industrial probably like mid-single digit. 
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, hey Catherine! Maybe one additional comment on the consumables is of course, we won't have the benefit of the COVID testing that we've had in the past. So that could be a little bit of a headwind. 
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, hey! So yeah, hey just to clarify, so I said that we’ve – our guidance previously was 3% and we kind of like thinking it's about 3.5% or so for the full year, but we wouldn't be surprised if we were in the 4% kind of a range in the second half of the year. We continue to feel good about our ability to pass on price when we need to, when we face these inflationary challenges, and I think we'll continue to do that as market conditions change. 
A - Shawn Vadala: Yeah, sure. So hey, I’ll start with the divisions. So I'll start with the lab division. Right now our guidance is low double digit growth for Q1 and high single digit growth for the full year. For core industrial, we expect high single digit growth in Q1 and mid-single digit growth for the full year. For product inspection, we expect high single digit growth for Q1 and high single digit growth for the full year; and for food retailing we expect to be down double digit in Q1, but grow low single digit for the full year. And then I'll also give you the geographies. For Europe we expect Q1 to be up mid-single digit to high single digit, and for the full year to be up mid-single digit. For the Americas we expect to grow low double digit in Q1 and grow mid-single digit to high single digit full year; and then for China we expect to grow approximately 10% in Q1 and approximately 10% for the full year. 
A - Shawn Vadala: Yeah, hey! So I'll take that one. So hey, maybe I'll talk more broadly about the margin and then kind of like, then kind of talk about 2022 as well. So as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, our gross margin was down 110 basis points in the quarter.  On one hand we had favorable price realization. Our price realization was just over 3% in the quarter, which would translate to approximately 140 basis point benefits to the margin. Of course we also benefited from our volume in the quarter. But the one thing that clearly stood out from our perspective was the higher material costs, as well as higher transportation costs in the quarter. And as we kind of like look to Q1, we are expecting to see similar trends overall for gross margin with probably very similar dynamics you know. Probably that pricing will continue to be in that 3% kind of a range, but we’ll still continue to have like a bit of a headwind on material costs and transportation.  So if we look at gross margin for Q1, I wouldn't be surprised if we're down another 100 basis points in Q1, but we still remain very confident about our ability to expand the margin. And so as we look to the full year, we still believe we can expand our gross margin by 30 to 40 basis points and we expect to still increase our operating margin overall at the higher end of our typical guidance. So as a reminder, we typically would say ‘Hey! We can expand margins on an annual basis, 70 basis points to 100 basis points,’ if you look at the mid-point of our guidance, towards the higher end of the range of that, probably about 90 basis points. So when you break that down, we are expecting a little bit better pricing in 2022 than we previously expected. We were previously guiding to about 3% for next year. Right now we're thinking it will be probably 3.5% or so and wouldn't be surprised if we get to the 4% kind of a range in the second half of the year, because of course we're going to continue to adjust and do actions as we see appropriate, especially as we saw some of the pressures in the fourth quarter on our cost structure. But it's not only about pricing of course. We're also going to be doing some things in terms of optimizing our supply chain as we continue to look for opportunities; for example, to reengineer components or look for other sources in the supply chain. 
A - Shawn Vadala: Yeah hey! So I'd say you know, if you kind of bridge EPS, you know it's like you said, a lot of it has to do with higher sales growth, increasing the sales growth. Of course we also added in our beat for 2021, which includes a lower tax rate you know at 19% and that was offset a little bit, that was offset a little bit by unfavorable currency. 
A - Shawn Vadala: Yeah, and you can see that strong momentum is also reflected in our Q1 guidance, you know of low double digit for lab. 
