Olivier A. Filliol: Thanks, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments on 2014. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end. The highlights of the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. Local currency sales increased 4% in the quarter with very strong growth in Europe. We have solid growth in the Americas and improving demand in China, although as expected sales were down in the quarter. China sales results were offset by relatively good growth in all the regions of Asia / Rest of World. We executed well in the quarter and I’m pleased with our growth in earnings per share, particularly given the challenging currency headwinds we faced in the quarter. We are benefiting from our values cost control and margin initiatives that we have enacted over the last few years. Let me turn it to Bill, to provide more details on the financial results and an update to our guidance for the year.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay. I mentioned on the call Europe certainly positively surprised us, and it was little bit better than we expected. And I would say in general, the West feels better than we talked last time on the call. When it comes to order of trend, I think we need always to be (audio gap) rather and talk about the year-to-date numbers and the year to May numbers, reflect the comments that we had on the call and give us kind of the confidence that we had a good start and allows us to modestly increase the midpoint of our sales guidance.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, okay. In general we commented that emerging markets are a little bit more challenging in these days. But there are -- there were some good numbers nevertheless, I start for example, with Russia. Russia was actually up for us in the quarter, but against easier comparisons. I would however, expect that Russia will be weaker in the near-term. I would also stress that all the emerging markets are actually the individual account, we saw less than 3% and for example Russia is only about 2% for us. Then going on the Eastern Europe, actually did perform very well for us, had good growth and partially against weaker comparisons, but still was very happy to see the numbers there. The part that was weaker was Latin America. I would say in general Latin America, but in particular also Brazil. The currency effects and the general economic conditions in Brazil are more challenging. Then we have in India certainly also currency topics, partially also government related topics that delay certain investments on our customers. Then Southeast Asia was also softer, I’d say mostly impacted in China, but then sometimes you have also country specific issues going on, like in Thailand that we’re also facing. But I would stress the point in all these countries, we really feel we have very strong local management, very experienced management, but also interesting is that all these country management and country managers have been around for many years. They have experienced us addressing the downturn, particularly in Europe and U.S. in the economic crisis. They know how to handle their own local crisis now and adapt to the circumstances and adapt also the cost structure, but I would say as much also applying Spinnaker techniques to go after the segments that still offer growth. So I feel like we’re responding in a very good way in all these countries.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay. I’d first state Europe overall did very well and it wasn’t so much driven by food retail. Food retail was nicely contributing, but actually you have to say we did well in Europe across product lines and across countries. The food retail as you all know is for us very project driven business. In that sense also lumpy. I’d not read too much into our performance of Q1 by food retail. Actually I wouldn’t be surprised if we’re also going to have the quarters in this year where we will be down in food retail. So this is not a new trend. It’s more reflecting the nature of the business. When I look for the overall European numbers, I don’t certainly expect that we’re going to experience this nice growth rates of Europe in the same way for the full-year. We’re going to have more difficult comparisons in the latter part of the year, but I’d say what was really good about this Q1 number is first the magnitude of the growth and then how consistent it was across countries. We had even France showing growth. We had Southern countries that has growth. We have the U.K. and Nordic which was for example very solid. This very encouraging signs and of course it’s also very motivating for the teams and that will create additional momentum also for the rest of the year.
Olivier A. Filliol: I would agree the economic news have not been that promising, but at the same time I have to say we did really anticipate that things in China will remain challenging for us. The numbers should start to look better in the second part of the year, mainly because of comparison reasons. We feel like our numbers are showing that we’re bottoming, but it’s actually difficult to really say when the momentum comes back. What I’m really seeing and the team is confirming that is that there are different areas of growth. I think the prepared remarks about our Core Lab in selling mostly to the life science industry is certainly encouraging and showing that point. There are different industry segments that we see life coming back, particularly when it’s oriented to consumer goods. But even I got an update last week about specialty chemicals industry segment that were encouraging. There is certainly also geographic parts of China that are encouraging. Certainly markets will remain very difficult for a long time, talking about steel industry, service industry and so on. But all in all, we do see that things should gradually improve and then combining with the easier comparisons yet, we do expect growth in the second part of the year. How fast things will get -- come back to the high single-digit growth, low double-digit growth, that’s the key part. So really difficult to forecast and anticipate.
Olivier A. Filliol: Either way we need to look at product launches in Mettler-Toledo is that we have such a broad product range and so many products that a new product launch makes -- has a very little impact on our top line. It’s -- we have really in that sense very diversified across many different businesses. Continuous product innovation and product launches however is very important to maintain our technology leadership to be able to continue to expand our markets and all that. So in that sense, I’m very happy about this product launches, but I do not expect that they have a big impact on the overall revenue.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay. On the price point actually I would say surprisingly we don't have much differentiation. I would say the big difference is what goes well and what doesn’t go well is more actually geography than anything else and if I look at the different business lines that we have, they were relatively consistent and even if I like -- take a product category like laboratory weighing, its not that the high-end or the low end did perform particularly in a differentiated way.
Olivier A. Filliol: In terms of industry segments, I think nothing particular to add, other than what I said. Its really everything that’s closer to consumer related things is going well. And the industry that is linked to consumer demand and benefits of that and then things that are related to quality measurement, food safety and so on is also particularly healthy. And on the other side, everything that’s related to infrastructure is particularly challenging.
Olivier A. Filliol: What might be interesting for you to realize that Japan is definitely skewed towards Lab business and you have heard us saying that Lab was strong across the world in the first quarter and that’s actually also reflected here in Japan. In Japan we have less and less revenue in the industrial world and none for food or retail.
Olivier A. Filliol: These merger activities that we see today in big pharma and partially also expected associated restructuring has been going on for quite a while. And we had that in the past few years in the West. In essence, we’ve also learned from that that this can impact some of our Lab categories, but then all the lab categories might benefit. So to give you an illustration, while the number of scientist might go down, and this could impact the pipette business partially also the Lab -- balance business, but then the automated chemistry typically benefits from that, because these new companies want to invest in automation tools. Then what I also want to stress is that none of this big pharma customers are really representing a big part of our revenue, not -- we don’t have a single customer that is representing more than 1% of revenue and in that sense we are particularly exposed to it. And then last, but not least this has been a continuous trend that we’d see the pharma, biopharma more challenging in the West, but more than offset by the activities and the growth going on in the East. All the CROs and all the auto partially government driven investments in this biopharma industry sector.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes. In terms of portfolio this was some thing that we did last year and then rapidly executed by absent of any major changes in the economic environment. I don’t see that we’ve additional steps that we’d take. And in terms of competitive landscape, we keep our discipline on payment terms and so we still have cases where we see competitors accepting these payment terms that we’d not. We are okay. We are okay; we definitely feel that keeping the discipline is more important. We don’t have full transparency about market share on a quarterly basis, and we’ve many competitors that don’t publish numbers. But exchanging with the teams, I really don’t feel that we are losing here market share, in contrary, especially against international players, we’re very well positioned and I feel we continue to win market share even in this environment and even that we keep this very disciplined approach to payment terms.
William P. Donnelly: Oh, so in terms of trapped cash, we really don’t have any. Our program is our tax rate reflects the idea that we got to fully repatriate our earnings. So in that sense, we don’t really have any trapped cash. Sometimes, if I look at the $100 million, most of its related to kind of the idea that in certain countries you need to hand in the annual statutory accounts before you can remit the cash back. So it’s never the idea of trapped cash and our tax structure doesn’t really fit together these days.
William P. Donnelly: Yes. So sorry if I chose my words poorly so, we’d incrementally add another $50 million, $75 million between now and the end of the year. I think it a little bit depends on how our free cash flow, but in terms of absolute dollars I think even at that level because of the higher cash flow as well, we will probably be closer to the $400 million range, whereas in last year we’re closer to $300 million range.
William P. Donnelly: Yes, maybe just a comment on the credit thing. So, you guys remember we talked probably about a year-ago about our concerns around credit topics, I think for us its not that we see more credit availability in the system, but its not incrementally worse in terms of our own balance sheet, our past due, our DSO type of statistics are actually now back to where they were before we started seeing this problem and so we feel good about that. Actually it’s probably one of the reasons are -- probably it is one of the reasons our cash flow was good this quarter and so we don't see that situation getting worse.
William P. Donnelly: I think if we kind of look at the Western world let’s say or even excluding China, we’re talking about mid single-digit kind of growth rates in terms of orders and sales. And then China was took both of those down. If I look at like absolute backlog levels, I think we’re -- we’ve a little bit more backlog than we did a year-ago and things started out reasonable in the first part of this quarter.
William P. Donnelly: So we think it make sense to be remain in investment grade like company that probably implies net debt to EBITDA ratios in the one, no more than probably two level. And so we could gradually work there over a multi-year period.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So let me start with the gross profit side. So just to set the numbers, we -- our gross profit was down about 10 bps in the quarter. If I look at pricing, our pricing did well, our price -- net realized prices across everything was more than 150, slightly less than 200 basis points. Our material costs were down about a 100 and -- between a 100 and 150 basis points, let’s say. And if you kind of dig deeper into okay, so why then was the margin not bigger because those are certainly numbers that would be inline with what we’d expect for the full-year and should produce, lets say, 30 to 50 bps if we kept on that pace. We had kind of a funny mix within some of the details like so for example the mix within what we sold of Lab balances and a couple other topics. And then we had a currency headwind and then finally we just -- and that we had some inventory charge comparison topics between two periods. Our expectation will be that we will return to this some margin -- gross margin expansion for the remainder of the year. So I don’t expect that trend that you saw here in the first quarter to remain. Maybe the second comment you made was on what were the specifics that led us to being able to have a pretty good cost control on the SG&A side. I think there are several factors there so and maybe some pluses and minuses, but overall a good picture. As a reminder, we have a headwind on the bonus side, so have some catch up to do this year and bonuses versus the prior-year. I think for the full-year, it’s a number in the $15 million range. That’s kind of being split now throughout the year. Second headwind is currency and then we of course have some cost savings as well associated with different programs that we had. Some of them relate to the shared service center, but other topics as well. So overall we feel like the cost structure is in pretty good shape as we start the year.
William P. Donnelly: Yes, so if we dig down actually what Olivier said would apply to China as well. If you look maybe to pick pipettes and balances as a proxy for lower cost, I don’t want to hurt any of our Swiss engineers’ feelings with the higher end of the balances. And then maybe analytical instruments and auto can be kind of – relatively higher end. Actually we had excellent growth in all those categories.
William P. Donnelly: So let me pull forward the Japanese numbers first. So, we had a good quarter in Japan, but it was against a relatively easy comp. Maybe to give you a feel that the two-year growth rate would get you mid single-digit kind of numbers. In terms of their outlook for the second quarter, I don’t remember them sticking out particularly good or bad. And actually getting a -- yes, lets call it some modest growth in Q2 probably.
William P. Donnelly: And as you guys know Japan is not nearly as big a market for us as it is for some of the peer group companies. But I think that there are also some tax things that took place in Japan that might have helped some customers who want to buy in Q1 versus Q2, if I remember correctly.
William P. Donnelly: Hey, we certainly think that multi-year growth rates are a good way to look at it. As we some times look at three-year growth rates too. Rick so on a three-year basis, it was maybe a nice move in a positive way. So while Q1 of last year was the easiest comp for 2013 in terms of the quarters if you actually look at 2012 and 2011, 2011 we grew 16% the Lab business in the first quarter and in 2012 8%. So there is some of why Q1 last year was weak was partly due to the comps of the prior-year. So -- but we’re -- we think that -- we think in China -- or sorry in Asia, or sorry in Europe, we’re certainly benefiting from that market being more stable economically not having things and there were some pent up demand as comps get a little tougher in the second half of the year from Europe, we wont be seeing those type of growth rates. But we feel very good and how we did vis-à-vis competitors in our Lab product lines in the last few quarters frankly.
William P. Donnelly: Yes. I could take it through there is a little bit of a story behind multiple of them. AutoChem had one very large order that went through, there were some specifics on a couple of other product categories like the mix of business within processing analytics, a little bit less TOC versus some other topics. So there were different things that contributed to it as well as just kind of some inventory charge topics where we were unusually low in Q1 last year and a little bit above what we’d expect on quarterly basis in Q1.
William P. Donnelly: Maybe just I think the word that Olivier used was quote unquote Classic Lab which would have included, excluded process analytics. So actually our Industrial business did a little bit better than what you described.
