Shawn Vadala: Yeah, hey Eric, this is Shawn, I'll take that one and maybe Patrick can add some color at the end of it. In terms of the third quarter, China was up overall, just hold on a second. I'm getting my notes here, 19%. We had growth particularly strong on the laboratory side of the business, in the high 30s but we also had double-digit growth on our Industrial business. We're really thrilled with how well both businesses are performing.  And as a reminder, our Industrial business grew particularly strong in Q3 of last year, in particular, Core Industrial business was up by 24% in Q3 of last year. When you look at these numbers on a 2 year basis, we feel really good. Overall, we feel very good about the competitive environment. I feel like our supply chain in general has been a competitive advantage in China, as well as globally as Patrick mentioned in the prepared comments.  And then when you look at our competitive -- the competitive landscape in China, I feel like we continue to take market share there and we're positioned well, and as you know, our team there is a very strong experienced team in the region and they're just executing extremely well.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Sure. Kevin, I'll take that one. So for pricing for next year, we're kind of targeting something in the 3% a range. Of course we acknowledge we're not in an inflationary environment, and so we'll adjust as necessary as we proceed into the year. And then when we look at our operating margin expansion, we expect to be in the 100 basis point range on top of this year.  And when you start to compound that on a multi-year basis, we feel particularly good about that. If you look at this year, will be a 120 basis points higher than the previous year. So we continued to deliver at the higher end of our long-term guidance of 7200 basis points.  We feel very good about our various margin expansion initiatives, pricing, as well as our Stern Drive program. But at the same time, we acknowledge there's also a lot of challenges out in the world in terms of material cost, and transportation costs that we talked about in our prepared remarks.
Shawn Vadala: So food retailing was down 19% in the quarter. That business, as you know, is a business that we manage for profitability and not necessarily for growth overall, it's only about 5% of our total business. That business can be lumpy impacted by the timing of project or customer orders.  At the same time that business out of all of our businesses was the one that was negatively impacted by some component shortages because we use common electronics components in our retail scales that are also used in certain consumer products. We expect, going forward, to be down similarly in the fourth quarter, But then for 2022, we don't expect much growth in the business, probably up low single-digit.  And as I always say, if you look at that business over a longer-term period of time, it's just probably a low single-digit business, but it will be lumpy every now and then from quarter-to-quarter.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So, in terms of wage inflation, we're going to experience higher wage inflation. I think like every Company in the world, there's certainly -- it's a competitive labor market in all parts of the world. As we look at our cost structure for next year, our overall cost structure will go up about 4% or so.  And of course, wages are a significant component of our overall cost structure. But if you look at it. By geography, of course it's going to be highly differentiated based upon local labor markets.
Shawn Vadala: Great. Hey, I'll just run through this for everybody. For lab -- for Q4, we're looking at low double-digit which would put us in a 20% growth range for the full year. And then for next year, we look at high single-digit for lab for core Industrial. We're looking at high single-digit for Q4, which would put us at mid to high teens for the full year.  And then for next year, we would be more like low to mid-single-digit. For product inspection, we'd be high single-digit for Q4, which would put us at high single-digit for the full year and also high single-digit for 2022. For food retailing, we're looking at a similar decline in Q4 to what we saw in Q3, which would put us down mid to high single-digit for the full year and then for next year, we'd be looking at low single-digit growth. By geography, we're looking at Europe to be low to mid-single-digit in Q4, which would be put us at low double-digit growth for the full year. For next year, we're looking at low to mid-single-digit growth. For the Americas, we're looking at low double-digit growth in Q4, which would put us at mid-teens for the full year.  And then for next year, we're looking at mid-single-digit growth. And then for China, we have -- we're looking at low double-digit growth in Q4 which would put us in -- to the mid-20s for the full year. And for next year, we're looking at approximately 10% growth.  And then in terms of the other part of your question -- in terms of the COVID testing headwinds that we would have next year, that would be -- it would be a slight headwind. I think it would be probably less than 1%. I don't know if it will quite round to 1%, but it would be a modest headwind next year. That's our baseline assumption.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah sure. So overall, we don't have a precise number on that, Josh, but we typically like to say that overall life sciences in total is about a third of our business. I think knowledge is probably a bit more than that right now just given some of the acquisitions we've done in the last few years in the high growth we've had in that area. And then a few breaks that down into pieces, of course, large molecule in general is an important piece of that, and then bio-production in particular is also an important part of that.  If you like it, just the pieces of bio-production, the area that we benefit the most would be in our process analytics business, which is probably in the 10% range of our total business, maybe a little bit more in an important part of product -- of process analytics is in bio-production. But of course we also sell Industrial scales in other applications into the bio-production environment as well.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Well, right Shawn. If I may have a little flavor here is for both businesses for lap and for industrial business. Open investments in lab is really driven by investments in new lab, and investments in research that we see in China. And that's a very healthy business for us. So I think our team is exceptionally well-positioned to serve that market.  We follow products that we have high end as well as local products will be manufactured in China. I think we have the right portfolio to really continue to see growth in the lab side as well. And on industrial, the demand in China is actually not similar from what we see in the rest of the world.  There is a lot of demand in -- for automation and productivity solutions, and with our industry solutions, especially new products that we have launched, like the industry's 360 turnover, etc. We are extremely well-positioned to help our customers to drive productivity in automation and we see -- what I hear -- what I'm hearing from China is that that demand will not continue to slow down. They continue to upgrade installed systems and they are looking for ways to become more productive.
Patrick Kaltenbach: I can take it. Look, we're very pleased with the business and I mean, the south of Tampa side is really operating extremely well. The output is great and they are really we see strong demand for the products. I think operations is running at full capacity right now. So we have no concerns with regard of the operations on this side, I think it's a very effective side. When we consolidated a couple of sizes, couple of years ago in Tampa.  Of course, there was some initial effort to pull everything together, but now I think we are very well positioned to serve the market with that sight. In terms of the demand for Q4, actually we see still bearing good momentum for PI. And also, as I said, looking forward in 2022, we are cautiously optimistic that there is additional slow pent up demand in the market that we can continue to serve. We have an extremely strong product portfolio.  We just recently launched a couple of new additions to portfolio, which on the lines of our technology leadership in the market and we continue to all to do that in China as well. In China, we launched -- I think just a quarter ago, products, particularly Ex-12 system, which is a mid-range market system to help us to also serve the mid-range market in China, and is also a great door opener for us and helps us upsetting on the product as well.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Okay. I can take a is. Sorry, we didn't get that part about supply chain. Now, look, all that -- the business, actually we don't really expect a bigger impact in the fourth quarter and you have seen in Q3. It is a very dynamic situation as I say out there. Both in trends -- and logistics on the material supply side -- for the products we have in lap. You will notice, exposed as we are in the retail business. So we are not already concerned for the lab business. Dare to be honest.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Thanks. That's an excellent question. Looking in its -- it's a really good question, but you have to look at it also from 2 different angles and you mentioned both the digital closures as well as to fuel tubular. We see a lot of demand at the end as well, and widely, actually invested quite a bit this year and fuel tours have made significant investments there and putting more fleet industry because we saw demand, and that actually it's paying back very quickly for us is great returns.  And on the digital side, we continue to be mobile to ensure engine overall that it's some marketing engine that its direct sales engine, etc. We have very effective on that. It has been at has also provided for us great returns. And we will always have both -- we oversee both approach.  We have a direct consolidate Salesforce, which is in the accremate with customers. For our very dedicated higher end products, etc. that also need more consolidated selling. And then, we have -- we continue to build out our digital capabilities to serve more transactional sales and continue to strengthen our digital marketing capabilities.  I think this year we did a significant number of more  and other things to interact with customers, which has been extremely well received. It's a great tool for us to increase leads despite all the things that we do on -- so we are -- again, I think we are very well positioned, we made great strides forward during the pandemic and actually accelerate a lot of investments and we see great returns on that.  Again, I'm always looking at a business. I'm monitoring a number of fleets that are generated by these capabilities, and we are very pleased of how well they perform and how well they are received by the customers.
Patrick Kaltenbach: What's the question specifically? What type of revenues are linked to -- sorry, look, a software Company requires Scale Up System is not a large Company, but it compliments on our portfolio in AutoChem specifically very well. We are a very strong player in AutoChem that business has been growing double-digit for a long time now.  We are extremely pleased with that. And we certainly see the combination of our existing portfolio together with this new software capabilities that require that we continued to serve -- can serve our customers and additional customers much better in the future. We will have a much better reach into regions where Scale Up Systems couldn't go with  force. I think it's a very well-received solution by the customers.  And then we have received also very positive feedback by the existing customers with Scale Up Systems on the acquisition overall. They see that 1 out of 1 perform actually equals more than 2 in this regard. So -- and then to your other part, in terms -- the other part of the question here is in terms of bolt-on acquisitions.  Yeah, we will continue down that line. We've mentioned that I think in every call that we continue to make bolt-on acquisitions in -- either in technologies area -- technology areas, where we see we need technologies that complement our strength or if it's other parts of the portfolio that we think are necessary in terms of the overall customer workflows. But these are small and medium-size acquisitions and nothing huge transformation.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Good question, Sir Josh. So, product inspections is that we're very pleased with the current quarter Shawn that -- Dave just gave it to you. The growth for Q4, how we think about that high-single-digits.  We see demand in the Americas. We see putting models on Europe. China, again, has momentum as well. I mentioned that we have launched a new product there just a quarter ago. Overall, there is some pent-up demands, the pent-up demands for being more superseding, including more in the U.S. and if I look at the older situation as well as the leads we're getting, there's actually pretty high lead activity right now.  We see a lot of requests both from Europe and U.S. but they're even higher than in Europe. But having said that, we are again, cautiously optimistic about 2020, that we can capture that pent-up demand. We're well positioned for our product portfolio, and also we are -- in terms of our manufacturing capabilities, I think we are operating very well and very effective.  We have not seen a lot of impact on supply chain side for that product line. So, in terms of exposure to semiconductors and components, etc. it's not as exposed to as we mentioned it for retail.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Very good question there. Looking at -- is it extremely pleased with the performance of service and consumables events, very profitable part of the business for us. In terms of growth rate for services think about it,  maybe high. It could times high-single-digit, more mid-single-digits growth rate. Consumables is higher right now.  We are -- who is continuing to grow that portfolio moving forward both on the consumable side for our products, but we're also increasingly providing higher-value services for our products. And I mentioned the 1, for example, for the Europe Pharmacopoeia there's a solution out there that we just launched.  That is, I think we have a lot of opportunities for installed base of products that we have out there to increase service contracts overall and to provide more differentiated services to our customers. We serve a lot of our products. But as of course, also competition in some areas, like the Scale areas.  We -- I think we're positioning ourselves also in the future by providing higher sophisticated services, preventive maintenance and other things, have very comprehensive inventory management as well, solutions as well. So, very optimistic about accrued opportunity. Again, we are very, very well-positioned in terms of the competitive position. As we are also linking our software solution, so a hardware solutions and services. And that makes it more difficult for competitors also, take over some of the services that they all can exclusively provide some of mobile products.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. Good question. Stern Drive has many flavors, it's back-office automation ideas, it's manufacturing setup ideas, it's -- in some areas, it's product redesign, and the -- it's a program that has been running for many years, and the team is actually going through several waves of Stern Drive, we call it internally waves. We just launched the next wave this year.  The team has come up with a whole -- a long list of good ideas that we just recently had order fulfillment top-line chain showed us the potential of all these activities. We had some concerns this year that our stern-drive activities could be impacted actually, by all the other activities given -- that weren't that necessary, given the restrictions we have seen the market logistic challenges etc.  But I'm happy to say the team didn't skip a beat there and they actually delivered on the promised savings that they had promised us for 2021 as well, which helps to overcome some of the inflationary pressures. Now, do we make a significant shift in terms of the activities given the lock to see challenges right now? I would say no, because again, they're very focused on productivity gains sometimes, product 3D signs, driving productivity and efficiency.  Behalf on the supply chain side, we have a dedicated team in place who take us all the other logistical challenges Almost look  slides like shipments and shipping alternatives, etc. Access to different suppliers when it comes to components, we have dedicated resources who constantly screened a market for best opportunities for supply.  I think this is also why we probably came through this crisis so far very well, not having a lot of issues with component shortages, except for retail that we mentioned. But not often we also use semiconductors, I think the team has been very effective in finding alternatives and also working closely, with the internal engineering teams in case we would have to redesign products and use alternative products.  But I think it's working very well. I mean, it was a long winded answer, but overall we are big extremely pleased with stern drive. I think it's still a lot of fun way, be driving this with constant improvement, process mindset. And again, they have dedicated teams in all of our major slides who capture these opportunities.
