Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary. Good evening. I am pleased to welcome you to the call. I will start with the summary of the quarter and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and our updated guidance. I will then provide an update on some of our growth initiatives in 2012. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end.  The highlights for the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. We are very pleased with our local currency sales growth of 8%, which was strong and better than expected. We achieved this despite slower growth in our markets and challenging conditions in Europe. In addition, last year's sales growth was particularly strong. Adjusted operating profit increased 10% and adjusted EPS increased 14%. Overall, we are very pleased with these solid results in the start of the year.  I will have some additional comments on our growth initiatives, but let me turn it to Bill to provide more details on the first quarter results as well as guidance.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, when we had the call last time, I was saying I'm looking forward to have Q1 under our belt and would feel more comfortable to have a better view how the whole year would come together. I have to be honest, sitting here today, I feel I need to see how also Q2 comes together to really get a better grasp. There is still quite uncertainty out there and we saw also that the quarter had quite some volatility. You have heard us talking that January, for example, was rough. And then February and March actually came in quite nicely. And we were happy about that. If I look from a geographic standpoint, we would certainly feel today that Europe is probably -- the outlook is a little bit tougher than what we had expected. U.S. has good momentum. And Asia and emerging markets, in general, we observe it quite well. We have seen that China has -- January was tough and we see still China kind of continue to be challenging when we -- when I say challenging, compared to the previous years where we had excellent momentum. So looking forward, I do expect that we're going to see better growth numbers out of Europe in Q2, but mainly because comparisons become easier. I do expect that Americas will be good because of the market environment and then in Asia-Pacific...
Olivier A. Filliol: What we also saw that Q1, for example in China, our lab business did very well. Core Industrial had a more difficult environment. I wouldn't expect, for example, the lab business to continue as strongly in Q2 as we did in Q1. So kind of, we always said for many quarters that we expect China not to continue with this high-teens growth. Now looking towards Q2, it's certainly going to be on the low teen growth.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay, let me start with our retail view. We talked about food retail. This is, in the meantime, less than 10% of our revenue. And the food retail depends very much on some large projects. And these larger projects are typically lumpy. I do -- we saw that also in Q1. We had a good business momentum in the Americas. I would expect that this is continuing. And I say that basically on the pipeline of the big projects, I would expect Europe continue to be challenging. Again, it's less -- just the end-user in mind is much more based on the big projects that we have see in the pipeline. When it comes industrial. Here, I want to differentiate between core industrial and product inspection. I would say that core industrial, we have reasonable end-user markets in the U.S., so it would actually be quite favorable. As in Europe and Asia, we're certainly going to feel the uncertainty in the economy in general. Capacity utilization of our customers are certainly not that high and we're going to have an impact on our demand. When it comes to product inspection, there, the end user environment is very attractive for us, particularly in the food industry. This is driven by regulations. There is also good demand for quality control in general in the food industry at this moment across the globe and I would expect us to have good growth throughout the year. When it comes to lab, and here we need to differentiate, we have a good part of our lab business that is driven by the life science industry. The life science industry is less so about big pharma. It's less so about NIH and academia. It's a wide range of end-user industry. I would say here we're going to see more a geographic topic than necessarily an industrial topic or end-user industry topic. Here, I would say, Americas should be healthy, Europe challenging and Asia, good growth but not the same growth that we had in the recent past. You specifically also mentioned academia. We are seeing that academia being, as far as it relates to government funding, is challenging. We see that in U.S. We see that in Europe. Labs came [ph] off. We don't have that much exposure to academia.
Olivier A. Filliol: No. We definitely still perceive China to be a very attractive base for our production. We continue to expand our production in China, not just for the Chinese market but also for the export market. But what would be true it is there is less product line that we are proactively moving to China. Not that we feel any way different about China. It's much more that the big product lines that are really attractive to be manufactured out of China are all behind us. But it's really an attractive market. We have the right skills, we have an excellent team, we have a good supplier base there. And in this essence [ph], we are going to continue to leverage it.
Olivier A. Filliol: I think we need to see from where we're coming. We had 7 quarters of growth of more than 20%. Now we had a Q1 which was still very strong. But for quite a while, we were saying that we would rather expect midteens growth out of China. And in that sense, also kind of a coming down versus the historic growth. I would still see it that way, but still very healthy growth. We are still talking about double-digit growth that we feel is very sustainable for many more years. The mix might change a little bit from where the growth is coming. In the recent years, our extraordinary strong growth in China particularly was coming from the core industrial business, partially also infrastructure-related demand, for example vehicle scales but also salmon batching systems and auto weighing solutions. That part we always expect that it will slow down and that's certainly what we saw in Q1. And I would say going forward, that we'll not have the same growth momentum as in the past. But the fundamentals in China remain very healthy, very promising. I would remind ourselves on one very attractive macro trend is, for example, the number of scientists joining the workforce. And since we have many personalized instruments in our lab offering, this is going to be a macro driver that continues to be very healthy for us. Also, this general trend that Chinese companies invest more in quality, point quality measures is going to be good for us as we see that the government is promoting industry sectors that are very relevant for us, and will drive the demand. So healthy macro trends environments and in that sense, I can only confirm what you were alluding to, that we remain very optimistic for both of the medium and long-term growth prospects for us in China.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, I think our lab offering today is already very well-suited for the Chinese market. I definitely also feel that we have a very, very strong team. But we talked at the last conference call about investments that we do in the Chinese market like going after additional regions and second-tier cities, for example. These investments continue on and will yield good results. So I think it's about expanding the presence being in China is more in terms of the franchise and the sales and service network that we have. What we are, in addition, leveraging is the second brand. We have a second brand called Ohaus that we clearly leverage in the Chinese market also to be present in indirect channels and fully leverage that opportunity. So, yes. We are going to fully tap in that opportunity. You mentioned, correctly mentioned, the lab business. What I would also add for example, product inspection, which is the other part of our industrial business and clearly, you'll see also very good growth prospects there. That's something that is not related to infrastructure. It is much more related to quality control and in the, for example, food industry in China, very, very good opportunity. Midterm, long-term, this is going to play clearly to our hands. Will we see a short term, maybe a quarter or the other quarter but these microtrends will not be that forceful, could well be and you heard Bill also when he talked about the guidance, in Q1, for example, labs, we might see a little bit less growth, but that doesn't mean that midterm, we have a different perspective on the growth opportunities.
Olivier A. Filliol: And Tycho, I might add the geographic aspect of it. We had the Q1 actually, in China in particular, very good growth lab. I wouldn't necessarily expect it the same way...
Olivier A. Filliol: And going forward, our focus will definitely be on the emerging markets. You heard us talking about Turkey today and Vietnam, Indonesia and so on, and that's certainly places we will continue to make investments.
Olivier A. Filliol: I feel actually strong about market share gain pretty much across all the businesses. I would-- maybe on the food retail it's a little bit difficult to say. I would strive to certainly focus on profitable growth, and as mentioned it's a lumpy business in terms of having big projects. But as I look at all the other businesses, being it lab, being it core industrial, product inspection, we have very good marketing position. We are running our Spinnaker marketing programs across all the businesses. And in that sense, I do expect that we are expanding our market share across all these businesses.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, it's actually not easy for us to have that exact visibility. It would be hard for us to give you now really an end-user market with precise double digit growth. But what I would say is, in general, academia wasn't so good. And it was clearly offset by all of the other markets, meaning industrial markets. But also life science in general and some of the emerging markets look very, very healthy for us.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So we're talking about or trying to explain 60 bps in total, so I give you kind of the big pieces. And the price increases in the quarter, and this now excludes the impact of the China item, but would include like some considerations around all the other businesses, is that, that was 260 bps in the quarter. And that, if you think about what was the impact therefore on gross profit margin, when you do the math, that's about 130 bps, so around half that number. And material costs were down about 30 bps in the quarter. So taken together, that's about 1.6%. The impact of mix, including the impact of these lower margin China jobs, was about minus 2% on the gross profit line. And think about that as roughly half coming from the China piece and the rest coming from other items, the largest of which was European mix. And then what's kind of leftover is Other, which is largely currency.
William P. Donnelly: I think currency won't have a big impact on gross profit going forward, so let's get maybe the easier one out of the way. I tend to think that price increases won't be worse than this. In fact, I think it's more likely that it could improve from where it is as the year progresses. Material cost, I think that's probably not a bad number. We could probably see that throughout the year. Now on the mix side, I think, we will have some continued negative mix issues in part because of Europe. On the China side, I'd like to think that, that's less impactful as the year progresses. We could still see a little bit of that in the course of Q2.
William P. Donnelly: I think we would expect growth rates to come down, including China, I think we'll still deliver probably double-digit growth rates. And you'll also see, when you look at our financials and part of the reason we grew a little bit faster this quarter was, we did take down a little bit of backlog in China, so the growth rate on orders was a little bit less than sales and I think we'll more see now kind of a more normalized number in terms of sales in the coming orders. So something, let's say, in the low-double digit levels.
William P. Donnelly: I think, first, maybe a comment about the deceleration. I think in terms of looking at multiyear growth rates, I think we feel that the trend is very much kind of on a similar basis. And with regard to the specifics about China, yes, I guess part of the point we're making is that there were certainly more of some of the big jobs pushed through and completed here that of the quarter than maybe we expected. There is actually, our guys have some discussion, there's a belief that some of that was actually done intentionally, with this whole 5-year meeting that they had that they wanted to get some projects done and it seemed like things got wrapped up a little bit on an accelerated basis versus what we had maybe forecasted earlier. So if I look at kind of the mix to backlog right now, there's, of course, still some more profitable jobs and less profitable jobs. But I would say the backlog mix today is a little bit different than when we saw coming out in the first quarter.
William P. Donnelly: Give me one second, so if I look at just the -- our SG&A grew by 4% in local currency in the quarter. And about a little more than half of that came from emerging markets.
William P. Donnelly: Okay, I, probably, am not totally prepared on that one, so I apologize if I think out loud a little bit here. So, in China, there were certainly some disruption of the sales force towards the latter part of the year, which maybe wasn't as visible to you, because there was some impact on the -- more on the order side, I would say. Because if you looked at our sales numbers we were quite happy with how that went in during the Go Live period. I think in the U.S. market, we will have some people, sales guys in training and things like that on the fourth quarter. But, to be honest, Jon, at this stage, I think it wasn't very visible to you that we were--or didn't really impact how you guys were seeing the numbers, us implementing Blue Ocean in China and now I'd like to think that we have a similar no-drama situation when we do the U.S. roll in as well.
William P. Donnelly: I understand. I think maybe a couple of comments to answer that. So one was we certainly saw a acceleration of growth in our pipette business. It grew quite a bit faster in Q1 than it grew in Q4. I don't necessarily expect that to continue. Maybe you're linking now, your question, Tycho, to I think what Paul was asking earlier. It's the business we have that's most exposed to academics, the academic market and from what we hear talking, listening to peer companies and the like, I don't think of that as particularly good. I think we did -- we competed well on the first quarter but I think we grew by 6% in pipettes and that's really a good number and I think, particularly, vis-a-vis other consumable oriented lab bio -- life science- oriented company. So I think that could moderate a little bit. I think that's good to assume. The other thing that we had quite good growth in AutoChem in the quarter. We had mid-to high teens kind of growth rate there, but if I look at the order growth rate, it would maybe be more what you expect on a normalized basis for that business, more in the mid-single digits. And so, those would be my 2 kind of key remarks there.
William P. Donnelly: And then, of course, Tycho, I'm also forgetting one other basic thing, I mean, I assume not only us, but other companies. We definitely had a working day benefit in Q1 that you don't have in Q2. In Q2, I'm kind of looking at my guys here, it's flat. In Q1, we had, I think, extra couple of days.
William P. Donnelly: I think we would like to try do a little bit more on pricing. We hated the gross margin decline even if we could explain it analytically. Mix-wise, we felt like we need to do a little bit more there. I think we're kind of working through that process internally, but when I said that I felt there was more upside than downside on pricing in the second half, that was what we had in mind.
William P. Donnelly: For pricing, I think the biggest single thing is we see win-loss ratios that support our ability to push through more on pricing and I think we're not trying to be greedy there, from a customer perspective, and trying to find the balance there. But our win-loss numbers look good and we think that, certainly, there are inflationary pressures in some parts of the business that we can articulate. But the win-loss implies our customers value highly our products. And therefore, we want to push pricing when we think it can be done in a reasonable way from a customer's eye.
William P. Donnelly: I think, one of the things that we talked about was that we committed to this field turbo program in the second half of last year that we felt like it was important to add some more feet-on-the-street, some more front-end personnel. And at the time we made that decision, maybe the -- early last year, mid last year, and committed to those resources, probably economic environment was a little bit better than it was when those people started coming onboard at the end of last year and now the early part of this year. And certainly they've been contributors to what we think is market share gain in the period. Probably from an incremental margin point of view, they may not be as productive as our salesmen, that'll probably take more towards the end of this year and into next year. But we have added a lot of -- not a lot, but for us a good number of front end people and as you've heard in our SG&A analysis, a lot of those were in emerging markets as well.
William P. Donnelly: At this point, that's our best estimate for full-year rate, excluding discrete tax items. And in terms of looking out forward, of course, it's something that we want to work on to continuously improve. But probably the biggest variable is really government law changes and so that's probably got to be the biggest determinant of whether our tax rates move up or down at this stage in the future.
William P. Donnelly: Sure, on the cash flow side, I think we're off to a good start. And I think we'll-- certainly going to hit our targets this year. I would surprised if we didn't. And with regard to our share repurchases, our intention would be to repurchase our free cash flow and estimated option proceeds as well this year. So we'll kind of stick to the normal formula.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So first, and you're an incremental guy, so I think that's -- so I think one way to refine the calculation is to pull out the impact of acquisitions because, of course, those incremental margins will be, by definition, be different than your core business. So, Rick, if I adjust for incremental margins and the impact of foreign exchange year-on-year, you get to an incremental margin for us in the mid-20s. I do think that, that number will improve and we would have it built into our model that it would improve. And the biggest improvement would be the less mix towards these Chinese projects that we talked about earlier.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So we had more growth in industrial, but that included, of course, acquisition benefits. And if I pull that out, both businesses grew similarly on an organic basis.
William P. Donnelly: Everybody did good. The one exception was Russia. I think Russia had mid-single digits. Everybody else did well. And particularly, we had a really good quarter in Southeast Asia, really a good quarter. India had a good quarter, I think a little bit less so on order side, but still a solid quarter. Yes, I think I mentioned already that we had 16% growth in China. That would be kind of the highlights.
William P. Donnelly: And just as a reminder, Rick, why it's difficult because in the U.S. market we're selling the balances through Fisher VWR.
William P. Donnelly: So we did the Eagle -- the old x-ray businesses, Smiths, we did that in Q2 of last year. We did the Vision acquisition in Q3 or Q4 -- Q3 of last year.
William P. Donnelly: Okay, maybe-- you got definitely one thing. The only thing that I would clarify with you, Eric, is that acquisitions are 1% in Q2 versus 2% in Q1, which has some impact. And then the other comment would be is that our order entry growth in particular, as it related to our Chinese industrial business, the biggest impact year so our order entry growth was less than our sales growth, largely explained by that item. And the other thing is, of course, we're going through our normal forecasting process and this is a little bit how we see the picture.
William P. Donnelly: Today, the ratio is, lab is around 35% to 40%, industrial is approaching 6%, and the remain -- or 60%, sorry. And the remainder is our retailing business. And clearly, we would expect the lab business to increase as of a percent, and that would be at the expense of the industrial business and of the retail business as well, but that's a small piece of it.
William P. Donnelly: Actually the biggest impact was exercised options due to retirements. We had 2 executives that have announced their retirement and I think that's probably a guess [ph] -- and they have exercised options. One has already had his last day with the company. One has announced it, it's been filed and he'll leave later in the year. And so we had relatively more option exercises than you normally would have.
William P. Donnelly: A little bit less than last year. I would assume probably about $5 million less than last year, it could be a little bit even less than that.
