William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Thanks, Olivier, and hello, everybody. Sales were $722 million in the quarter, that's an increase of 7% in local currency. The Biotix acquisition contributed approximately 1.5% to sales growth. On a U.S. dollar basis, total sales growth increased 10% as currencies increased sales growth by 3% in the quarter. On slide number 4, we show our sales growth by region. Local currency sales grew 4% in the Americas, 7% in Europe, and 9% in Asia/Rest of World. Sales growth in China increased 15% in the quarter and our sales growth there was broad based. Slide number 5 shows sales growth for the first half of the year. Local currency sales growth has increased by 5% in the Americas, 3% in Europe, and 10% in Asia/Rest of World for the six month. Slide number 6, we outlined local currency sales growth by product line. In the quarter, laboratory sales grew 10%; industrial sales increased by 3%; and retail grew 6%. Within industrial, our core industrial business had good growth of 7%, offset in part by a 3% decline in product inspection. As a reminder, product inspection had an excellent growth of 20% in the year earlier period. Turning to the next slide, we have year-to-date sales growth by product line. Laboratory sales grew by 10%, industrial grew 1% and retail 3% for the six-month period. All these numbers again are in local currency. On side number 8, we've got a P&L for the quarter. Our gross margins were 57.2% that compared to 57.5% in the prior year. Pricing continued to be a strong contributor to gross margin. Pricing was offset by the impact of currency, some negative mix and lower margin on our product inspection business in part explained by the U.S. facility consolidation we described last quarter. On a constant currency basis and adjusted for acquisitions, margins were up about 30 basis points in the quarter. R&D amounted to $35.3 million and that's a 6% increase in local currency. SG&A was $208 million and that's a 3% increase in local currency versus the prior year. Increase principally related to additional investments in our field resources offset to a certain degree by cost saving initiatives. Our adjusted operating income was $169.3 million in the quarter, which represents a 15% increase over the prior year amount of $147.4 million. Adjusted operating margin was 23.4% and that's an 80 basis point improvement over the prior year. Currencies did not impact our operating margin in the quarter. A couple of final comments on the P&L. Amortization amounted to $12 million in the quarter, while interest expense was $8.3 million in the quarter. Our other income was $1.9 million and it includes $1.5 million of pension income. As a reminder and as we mentioned last quarter, the new accounting rules require us to show this below operating profit we restated last year to make it comparable. Our projected annual effective tax rate is 22%, which we reflect in our quarterly adjusted EPS. In the second quarter, our reported effective tax rate is 22.4% with the difference due to the timing of stock option exercises. Moving to fully diluted shares, they amount to $25.9 million (sic) [25.9 million] in the quarter, which is a 2% decline from the prior year, reflecting the impact of our share repurchase program. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $4.65 and that was 19% increase over the prior year amount of $3.92. On a two-year combined basis, adjusted EPS has increased by more than 40%. We are very pleased with this growth level, which I remind you is organic. On a reported basis in the quarter, EPS was $4.31 as compared to $3.84 in the prior year. Reported EPS included $0.22 of restructuring, principally related to the consolidation of our product inspection facilities in the United States. It also includes $0.10 of purchased intangibles and $0.02 related to the higher reported tax rate. The next slide provides results for the first half of the year. As Olivier mentioned, we're very pleased with these results. Local currency sales have increased by 6%, our operating profit by 13% and our EPS is up 16% in the six-month period. That's it for the P&L. And now a little about cash flow. In the quarter, adjusted free cash flow was $120.8 million which compared to $113.2 million in the prior period. Our working capital statistics remain solid with DSO at 39 days and ITO at 4.5 times. For the first half, adjusted free cash flow was $177.3 million and we remain comfortable with our full year target of $450 million. Now, let me turn it over to Shawn to provide an update on our guidance.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: This is Bill. I think with regard to the first program, we should have caught up with our initiation. I think it depends a little if this additional $6 million or what other activities could come to make a judgment on the second round of tariffs and what might follow after that.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So first, we generally do like a little bit of inflation, Ross, and I think it helps us with pricing, messaging with our sales force, customers are more tolerant. What's maybe a little bit more nuanced about what we're seeing now is the inflation-related tariffs. So, if you look at where we're maybe getting some tariffs applied to us, it could be in product categories that maybe competition doesn't have the same challenge and tariffs are also something that's, let's call it, less easy to talk to customers than general material costs or what's going on with wages. So, if I think about the profitability impact of what we do in pricing, I think that we should have continued to execute well on pricing, probably do better than average overall on a net basis, but some of the higher price increases you'll see in the coming quarters will be offset by some of these inflationary impacts due to the tariffs.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: The comments of Shawn before were really focused on the direct impact that it will have. So, it impacts our material costs, basically the cost of goods. We try to offset that as far as possible through price increases and a few supply chain adjustment, and that's the piece that we have under control. There is a tentative significant indirect impact on our customer base that we talked before about the food industry, for example, the meat industry in the U.S. is certainly impacted and that can have ripple effect, but it's sometimes actually difficult to say if it's good or bad for us. So, we always need to anticipate. And then, there is the overall impact on the economy that of course, we have – it's difficult to anticipate and we don't really control. So, all our comments before was really focused on the direct impact and there we feel actually, we have good measures in place to mitigate the impact but Shawn highlighted that maybe from a timing perspective, it might not always be in the same quarter that the cost is coming and the benefits, for example, of pricing that offsets it.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: So, I think overall, our European business is performing well. If I look our lab business, it's growing mid-single digits; our industrial business growing mid-single digits; and we're down in retail and the retail is just purely lumpiness. If we were to look out to the second half of the year, I would say that's the type of numbers that we would expect to put up. So, we don't at this point see any significant changes. There's probably some swings between individual countries but the overall picture for Europe I think would largely stay similar to what we saw in the first half. And we were happy with what we saw in the first half.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. So, Ross' question was, hey, you guys normally like a little bit of inflation and you can usually do better than inflation. Do we realize even better pricing with a little bit of inflation and with a low inflation environment? And the distinction – and I wanted to – I agree with that statement. I just wanted to make a distinction with regard to tariffs, that's not as straightforward, because we could be going against a competitor in that product category. We have a tariff and he doesn't because where he imports his product from versus where we do. I think that's a statement specific about pricing and inflation. I would think about in terms of what the impact is on our operating profit of tariffs, I then would defer to what Shawn said, and that is that we expect to largely offset them. We might have a little bit of a delay, but that we can largely offset them between what we do in pricing and what we do in supply chain. Now, in the details of that answer on pricing, Tycho, it might be that we're raising prices on some other products that are not tariff-impacted, but we view it as an effort to, in our mind, offset that $10 million of headwind that we have. And so, yeah, that's a little bit how we tackled it.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: We just had a review with it in the recent days and the number of projects have increased this year versus last year that will increase again next year. So, we're very happy with how SternDrive is going. And as Olivier mentioned, some of the things we're doing to offset tariffs do relate to supply chain and is reflected as part of the SternDrive program.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: NIH is not a huge piece for us, but if we look at how we performed in pipettes, for example, which would be the product category that has the best, the largest exposure, we certainly had a solid demand from that sector the last couple of quarters and have a good outlook for the second half.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Sure. Hey, maybe I'll make a comment about packaging those tariffs and currencies et cetera and then let Olivier talk about some of the things he is expecting for budget tour. I do feel, Steve, that one of the key messages we have this quarter is that we have close to $0.50 of headwinds in the second half of the year that we didn't have the last time we (00:46:19) talked to you and we haven't adjusted our guidance for the full year. And I take that speaks to we're entering a budget cycle with some challenges but we feel like we have our arms very much around those, so lot of things going well for us. With regard to some other bigger picture or longer term items, I hand it to Olivier.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: Yeah. Actually if anything we've seen, we saw a little bit of acceleration in June with certain customers that knew that we were going to be announcing the price increase. And then maybe to add a little bit more from a competitive situation, we've actually seen competitors come out with some pretty significant price increases as well, which we felt was encouraging.
William P. Donnelly - Mettler: The fourth quarter, we're looking at high-single digit growth base, start to have an easier comparison in the fourth quarter
Shawn P. Vadala - Mettler: Thanks, Bill, and hello, everyone. Let me start with a couple of upfront comments on our guidance before covering the specifics. First, the China tariff situation. On our last call, we estimated the potential negative impact to operating profit from the tariffs was approximately $10 million or $0.30 per share on a full year basis. We believe we can largely offset this impact with price increases and some supply chain adjustments. For the second half of this year, we will not be able to fully offset the estimated 2018 headwind of $0.15 to $0.20 per share. We estimate the net headwind during the second half of the year is in the range of $0.05 to $0.10 per share. In mid-July, another round of tariffs were announced. We estimate that if these additional tariffs are implemented, the negative impact on operating profit would be another $6 million. We have not built this into our guidance at this time as they are still under review and timing has not been finalized. Similar to the first round, we would seek to offset over time, but could face some headwind in the short-term if they are implemented. We will continue to monitor the situation closely. Second, foreign exchange has moved against us since the last time we provided guidance, principally from being driven by the weakening of the Chinese renminbi versus the dollar and the strengthening of the Swiss franc versus the euro. Specifically, currencies in the second half have deteriorated $0.25 to $0.30 per share since our last call. It is also worth pointing out that currency will also be a bit of a headwind during the first half of 2019, if rates stay where they are. On the positive side, we feel very good about our business. Underlying demand is solid and we believe we are executing extremely well. Our growth strategies continue to yield tangible results and we believe we can continue to gain share and drive earnings growth. With that as a backdrop, let me cover the details. We continue to believe that local currency sales growth in 2018 will be approximately 6%. As a reminder, this includes approximately 1% from the Biotix acquisition. We are leaving our adjusted EPS guidance range unchanged from $20.10 to $20.25, which represents a growth rate of 14% to 15%. We have the benefit of the Q2B, but some work to do to offset the nearly $0.50 per share headwind from tariffs and unfavorable currency just mentioned. With respect to the third quarter, we expect local currency sales growth to be in the 6% range, which includes approximately 1% from Biotix. Based on this sales growth, we would expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $4.97 to $5.02, a growth rate of 14% to 15%. Our EPS estimate includes the Q3 impact of the announced tariffs and currency headwind. In terms of currency on sales growth, we expect currency to decrease sales growth by approximately 1.5% in the third quarter. For the full year, we expect currency to benefit sales growth by just under 2%. That is it from my side. I now want to turn it to Olivier.
Shawn P. Vadala - Mettler: Yeah. Hey, Dan. This is Shawn. Thanks for the question. I think when we look at it, we're actually looking at it more on a three-year comp basis, because I think it's important to look at that we started to have accelerated growth in the second half of 2016. So, if you look at it on a three-year basis, it actually makes a lot more sense to us.
Shawn P. Vadala - Mettler: Yeah, we would – given the – this is Shawn, Derik, given the timing of this one, we kind of leverage largely our annual price increase process. So, it really could be dragged into the first quarter a little bit, but I would say some point during the first quarter.
Shawn P. Vadala - Mettler: Yeah, you're right, Dan. So, we have an easier comparison going into the third quarter and we would expect high-single-digit growth in the third quarter.
Shawn P. Vadala - Mettler: Yeah. So, lab in China was up over 20% in the quarter and industrial was up by 10%. And then in terms of pricing, we had a quarter very similar to the first quarter, strong momentum in the program north of 2%.
Shawn P. Vadala - Mettler: Yeah, just the payment I think we paid in the first quarter, which is I think $4 million – I mean, second quarter was $4 million.
Shawn P. Vadala - Mettler: On the gross margin, yeah, so in terms of the margin, Steve, we look at gross margin maybe the flattish in the third quarter and just as a reminder, we're going to have a little bit more of the tariff headwind in the third quarter, still working through maybe some of these internal topics that we talked about earlier as well too. And then in the fourth quarter, we would expect gross margins to be maybe up in the 50 basis point kind of range. So, on a full-year basis, it would be flattish on a currency neutral basis.
Shawn P. Vadala - Mettler: I think we feel our cost structure is in really good shape. I think that's one of the biggest things we looked at. We do a lot of homework, Steve, before we go on to the budget tour and that gave us some confidence and the cost structure is in good shape. I forgot I think it was Tycho or somebody asking about SternDrive. SternDrive programs are in good shape with the facility consolidation should add more of a benefit in the second half. So, it's just a number of things in terms of our cost structure being in good shape.
Shawn P. Vadala - Mettler: Yeah. Service was up 9.5% in the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, 6%. Service, I should point out, had a little bit of benefit from the Easter timing in Q1.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: In general, we don't see any early signs of things changing. We have very solid environment. The team is still very upbeat and the only thing that impact us is of course this previous year comparisons, and that's a little bit different quarter-by-quarter, but otherwise, we feel – and visibility that we have is good across all the product lines. You specifically asked about last, we have now many, many quarters of very solid growth, and I expect that to continue. But I would of course also say that we need to very carefully monitor things. For example, we have certainly seen that the stock market in China reacted to all these tariff announcements, and so we certainly wouldn't exclude that this will also impact the demand. But it's too early for us to see it. And the only reason why we are here a little bit more cautious with our outlook is again related to comparisons, and we certainly had also some pent-up demand benefits in the last couple of quarters that will not go up, and the pent-up demand is particularly relevant in the context of our industrial business; for last, this wasn't impacting us.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: If you look at our numbers, a part of the challenge has been self-created in the sense that we did talk on the last call that we have some facility consolidation. We moved our biggest facility in the U.S. to a new location. But at the same time, we also closed two facilities, one in Chicago and one in Ithaca and moved these product lines to this new bigger facility down in Florida. And that's certainly absorbed a lot of energy internally. We had certainly also some challenges in the supply chain. And then we had the other part, which is related to our checkweighing business where we went live with our Blue Ocean system. And so often when we go live, it takes a couple of months to be back in the smooth operations. So, that was one effect. The other effect that we certainly also see is a certain slowdown from our packaged food customers. We had in previous year excellent big orders with global roll outs and this year, we don't see them materializing in the same way and that makes it very difficult previous year comparisons on top of these things that I described before and that makes us a little bit cautious to the remainder of the year. The fundamentals remain very solid and mid-term, we are very excited about this business but again it might well take a while until we see solid growth coming back and certainly these comments of before we want to see that the packaged food companies reengage in global roll outs and increase their spending in protecting their brands and all the value propositions that we offer.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yes. As often, when we talk about new products, we share these with you to highlight how we continuously invest in our technology leadership that helps us to differentiate versus competition that allows us to increase prices and so on. But we have so many products in our portfolio that a new product really doesn't change the needle. It doesn't make that big of a difference. And to put it in perspective, process analytics we talk about, roughly 10% of our revenue and all these products that I mentioned will add to the growth, but you heard us also saying process analytics had very good growth already and we benefit from previous product launches. So, I don't want to suggest here that process analytics will further accelerate, but it gives us actually good confidence that process analytics will continue this kind of growth with this excellent profitability that we have. And it's, in that sense, representative of what we do for the whole group. We have many, many product launches across all the product businesses that we have.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: Yeah. So, the Chicago facility that's done that's including the Ithaca. So, the U.S. relocation is completed and it's more a question of fully digesting it. The other facility relocation that we have is in Switzerland. That impacts the laboratory balance business here in the coming few weeks. However that I expect this actually to be much smoother and, at this stage, really don't expect any impact on our supply chain. I just got the update yesterday that basically, I think, except one person, all the employees will actually join us at the new location, and that gives you an indication that it should be really much smoother. And it's also much more standardized product, makes it also simpler. And then the other relocations that will take place later in the year are office jobs. And so I don't expect any impact from that.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: So, the pent-up demand was specific to China. This is not a topic for the rest of the world. In China, we had a situation where it, for the industrial business, really had a very difficult environment about three years ago. And then, there were some factors that hardly recovered. And honestly, we also kind of shifted resources away from that sectors, and then focused much more efforts on the chemical industry, pharma industry, food industry that we feel is more sustainable and more core to us. And there, we have certainly a good customer base, where we had this pent-up demand because they have slowdown in the replacement cycle, but also they have not invested in additional capacity in the same way. And now, where the growth is coming back, we have the pent-up demand. Quantifying it is, however, difficult, but I certainly have three groups this exceptional growth that we have, apart to this.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: We gave of course some pre-briefings to all our operating units around the world on what we want to focus on going forward, what kind of environment we expect. In essence, we are expecting the macroeconomic environment to be actually quite similar to what we had this year. We expect all the units to remain agile and in case that things would change and you have seen us in the past actually reacting to do these things quite in a fast way. But the working assumptions right now is that things remain the way they are right now. And I would also say we are in a continuous investment mode. So, you have seen us doing Field Turbo programs in the recent quarters and I'm still in that mode. I just approved the couple of more of these investment projects and I do expect actually good growth going forward coming also from all the different programs that we have in place around sales and marketing, around Field Turbos, new product launches and all. So that's very much the briefings that we gave to the units. And I have no indication from any team that they see particular concerns or changing economic environment. But of course, I don't want to say that macroeconomic things might not impact us, a dollar appreciation for example can impact also certain emerging countries and we would certainly also see that in the numbers but that doesn't necessarily mean that we would adjust our operating plans. So, with that, maybe Shawn, to specific questions.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: And Steve, maybe one comment, that tends to be more in distribution channels and most of our sales are direct. So that's not a big impact and even in the examples that we're thinking about, that's mostly them placing the order before the end of the quarter. Yes.
Olivier A. Filliol - Mettler: It will take certainly a couple of additional weeks, months, but I certainly feel that the biggest challenges are behind us.
