Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on page two of the presentation. We continue to execute very well. Spinnaker and field turbo programs are allowing us to leverage our strong product portfolio to gain share. The Americas have particular strong growth, and Europe came in as expected. We also had very good growth in certain emerging markets. However, these strong results are masked (2:55) by weak demand in BRC; that is Brazil, Russia and China. While our overall local currency sales growth was 3% in the quarter, excluding BRC, we achieved local currency sales growth of 7%, a level which reflect the above-market growth and one we are very pleased with. We also had excellent margin expansion in the quarter. Despite the challenging currency environment, we delivered 11% EPS growth, which equates to 16% before the estimated impact of currencies. We are pleased with these results, particularly given the headwinds from currency and BRC. Most importantly, our margin enhancement and productivity initiatives are allowing us to continue to make investments in field resources, which further position us for growth in 2016 and beyond. Now, let me turn it to Bill to cover the numbers.
Olivier A. Filliol: So, let me say that we have these programs in place now for quite a while and there's a continuation of what we have been doing already this year. And we have lean initiatives on factory floor, where we are optimizing layouts, where we are optimizing planning processes, and we are optimizing the logistics parts between suppliers and ourselves, but also at the logistics part between the different factories. These all helped us to expand the margins. And on top of that, we always have selective restructuring projects that are helping us. For example, last year we consolidated a plant in the U.S. and there is certainly also things that we continue to do in terms of leveraging low-cost countries. We have moved one product category actually to low-end part of that product category from Switzerland to China that will help us also next year. So these are continuous things that we do, sometimes project specific and sometimes just global initiatives. And then, of course, we continue also to do things on the supply chain management, optimizing our logistics (28:26), optimizing very much our purchasing, we have a very good material price index and I expect this to go on also next year.
Olivier A. Filliol: Actually, absent of the BRC, I would say, we experienced a good growth across all product lines and actually, also across this end user segment. I think there's really good momentum. And I attribute that certainly that demand is healthy, but then the programs that we have in place are actually relatively broad-based and yield good results. So I wouldn't single out here a particular segment. If I look at the U.S. market, it has been really broad-based. And typically, when we are – when we have good results across all the product lines, that's a signal that it's not a segment-specific topic.
Olivier A. Filliol: We have been working on resource shifting in China for quite a while. And when I say resource shifting, there is parts of restructuring, head count adjustments, reflecting the pockets of future growth that we are anticipating. So, we are adjusting. We are assessing kind of the difficulty that we have in Industrial business, and you would have seen us, already in the last couple of months, still adding people, for example, for Laboratory business and for certain territories that we see a good future prospect. As for Industrial, we have been reducing head count. So, we are proactive on that. We have started last year, and this is still ongoing.
Olivier A. Filliol: I would say, in general, I think, of all of our competitors, we are very advanced in leveraging low-cost countries. And, in that sense, China as a production base is certainly significantly larger for us than for our key competitors.
Olivier A. Filliol: So, we bought mainly a technology here that we are now improving and then bringing to the market. As always when you launch a product with the new technology, it's going to take a while until customers will really adapt to it especially because you need to address your quality systems, you need to address standard operating procedures and so on. So, while in the long-term we see it as a very nice product category very similar to the TOC, we do expect that it's going to take a couple of years. But as mentioned also in the prepared remarks, it's very synergistic and we feel we have a really great customer access, we have the right team. And so from a competitive standpoint, we feel like we have a really unique position here to leverage.
Olivier A. Filliol: M&A strategy really remains – I'm very confident on that. As a reminder, we feel that from a strategic standpoint, there is no need at all for us to do something big. But we are very committed and very interested in doing these bolt-on acquisitions because we feel we can have a franchise that we can really leverage, if we have synergistic technology or if there are opportunities to develop a certain market access. So very committed to that, constantly looking at opportunities. We have our own radar (47:27) with a lot of targets on it. But many of these cases are not available or don't materialize in the time lines we want (47:39). I think this recent technology acquisition that we did is a perfect example of how we are committed, and we are doing these cases. When you refer to bigger deals, hey, it's not – we don't say no to it. But there are not that many targets out there that would really fit the franchise. And in essence, I'm not expecting just around the corner something big.
Olivier A. Filliol: So, this year, we added about 200 field resources. This typically I do – they take a few quarters to ramp-up in terms of the first quarter you have training, onboarding, that's one. And then it takes them a few quarters to build up the pipeline. I would say, after two years, they should actually be really profitable contributing to the overall situation. And we prioritized, of course, on product categories that have the highest profitability. And so, we have both (58:30) group average contribution. For next year, I expect if things continue to go as expected in terms of market demand, to add about the same amount as we did this year.
Olivier A. Filliol: No. The application points (59:56) are very different. This is really pure water analytics – totally different. The synergy is, with our (60:07) business that you might know, particularly related to TOC and conductivity measurements. These are the three measurement points that you would find in ultrapure water. For example, an application is Water for Injection. And when you have Water for Injection in pharma, you need to be USP compliant and that's the parameters that are relevant here.
Olivier A. Filliol: We have a certain strategy to expand the product portfolio in terms of leveraging the access to the channel for life science applications and so on. But that's something we have been doing over a couple of years and what you have seen more recently was actually product launches for Retail, Industrial as well as for the Lab product (61:56).
William P. Donnelly: Maybe I'd add to what Olivier said, Brandon, that one of the things we're leveraging more with Blue Ocean is that having most of our plants now on the Blue Ocean system allows us to have kind of common measures and KPIs around productivity, things that get measured and get done, so we are able to drive productivity improvements in kind of solving to the best-in-class standards within the group. And then I would add on top of that that – and these are now more back office costs, we see opportunities for shared service centers. We've certainly done some of our initial shared service centers coming out of Blue Ocean but we see continued opportunities there. In general, we gain productivity, let's say, 10% or 15% when we do a shared service center just within the Western world and more than that then if we can we go to a low-cost country. And those should be good runways. We actually had a review together with the rest of GMC colleagues this week as part of our GMC meetings and one of the comments I made to the guys kind of relates to a question investors often asked me, ask of me and that's how much more opportunity do we have. The whole review of this productivity and shared service center activities, I drew the conclusion preparing for that that we still have a long runway to go. We have a lot of good ideas to continue to enhance our margins in the coming years.
William P. Donnelly: So, in the first question, we're building in, I think, about 150 basis points, based on what we see today. In terms of the incremental margins, they're going to be in the mid-40%s on a constant currency basis.
William P. Donnelly: Yeah. Hey. I think, Rick, this is probably like a classic. You're looking at it may be slightly different than how we look at it. Actually, the way we look at it, it's always Q3 on Q3, Q2 on Q2. And if I look in Q2, actually, our year-on-year margin expansion was a little bit less in Q3 than it was on a year-to-date basis. I think the absolute sales volume is partly explaining that. If I look at the growth comparisons, Q – the two-year growth rates are maybe relatively similar, maybe slightly more in Q3, which could contribute a little bit to what you're talking about. But I...
William P. Donnelly: I, overall, would say, on a constant currency basis, the margins were very good. Good expansion in Q3, but probably a little less than what we had seen earlier in the year.
William P. Donnelly: Rick, maybe one – because you used the word asset. And in terms of thinking about plants, maybe the one thing I'd remind you too is, we have our manufacturing for the Chinese domestic business, which clearly has been hurt on the Industrial side. But we continue to leverage those factories in terms of moving new products there and so things that were previously manufactured in the West. So the picture, inclusive of intercompany sales, would maybe show a better leveraging that you might expect just looking at the Industrial piece of the business. I would add to that that we see some facility consolidation opportunities in China, because we didn't own all of our office space. We have some office space and things we can take advantage of there – rental spaces.
William P. Donnelly: Because a year ago we raised our bonus achievement expectations in Q3 a year ago. This year, we have about the same expectation as we did a quarter ago.
William P. Donnelly: We struggle to be precise there because, of course, we're often – the field turbos can often be splitting territories and things like that. I think, for us, the – what's that expression about the pudding – sorry, the proof in the pudding is the growth in non-BRC. I think given global economic, we just don't think our markets are growing that fast. It very much – the outsized growth very much ties to geographies and product categories where we've made field turbo investment. So, I think, our success is in those markets is very much explained by the investments we made in 2015, but as well the ones we started in 2014.
William P. Donnelly: So, hey, let's maybe exclude Brazil and Russia that we're talking in those two cases, $30 million, $40 million of sales spread across 20 product categories. So it would be wrong for me to imply we have that level of visibility vis-à-vis competition because you're talking about really small slices. In the case in China, we certainly listen to what direct competitors that would have conference calls, i.e. – e.g. or i.e., Sartorius. And we feel good about what they do as well as our local market intelligence. We see on the industrial side, a couple of our industrial competitors have gone away in China. So we think we do reasonably well on a competitive basis there as well. And – yes.
William P. Donnelly: So, first of all, maybe we are – if you pick the – we're saying 3% to 4% top line growth with about a 1% impact due to currency with that weighted towards the first part of the year. So a little more than 2% headwind in the first quarter and about 2% in the second and about 1% in Q3 and flat in Q4. Our margin expansion should be pretty well paced with maybe the fourth quarter being slightly more than the earlier quarters. But, overall for 2016, we're looking at 50 bps. And then in terms of our incremental operating margins, we're looking at a number in the mid-40%s for the full year. And if I kind of look at the pieces, the only one that – only quarter we don't see a number in that kind of range would be a little less than that in the second quarter. And that has to do with year-end (41:49) mix topics as well as some currency topics.
William P. Donnelly: So – and maybe the first comment just to clarify some things. So our Industrial business was down in the low-20%s in China. Earlier in the year, it was down a little less than that in the high-teens. And, correspondingly, our overall business in China was down a little bit – 2% less this quarter than it was last quarter. You can see that if we're down high-teens in Industrial, but only down 9% overall, that reflects growth in areas like our Laboratory business largely. So in terms of the areas of our Laboratory business, it's – I think, overall, we have pretty solid growth. Probably the only area we didn't have good growth in Lab was AutoChem and frankly that's driven by – we're up (43:33) 135% a year ago in Lab in AutoChem. So we feel that that business – the Lab side goes reasonably well. I think I largely answered your question.
William P. Donnelly: Yeah. So – hey, we – Tycho – first hello, Tycho. And we should be doing mid-singles in our Laboratory business. We have, relatively speaking, a somewhat tougher comp in Q1, but the rest of the quarters should be all kind of in that range. Our PI business, product inspection, will continue to do well. We should get high-single-digit growth out of that. Our Industrial business will probably be flattish. We would expect China to again be down in Industrial, but we'll have some growth in the other parts of the world. And I would guess that that will be a little bit better in the second half of the year than the first half of the year largely due to comps in China. And, hey, our retail business is lumpy due to large projects but we're not building in a lot of growth overall, maybe a low-single-digit growth for that business.
William P. Donnelly: So, maybe to clarify a little, the Food Safety Modernization Act has more impact for us in our product inspection business, and I would describe it as kind of an indirect impact. There is already – the principal driver of our product inspection business relates to brand protection and food safety topics. We certainly view the act as positive but for most of the guys, this is a little bit catch-up for maybe 20% of the market and probably 80% of that was largely covered already in people standard practices. The Food Retailing business itself won't really have any impact due to this.
William P. Donnelly: Yeah. Okay. Sorry. So our Chinese business, PI (50:05), the first quarter was our strongest quarter of the year. We would have grown a little more the last couple of quarters, except for some tough comps on our AutoChem business. But we see no reason we can't grow high-single-digits in our Lab business, based on what I see out there.
William P. Donnelly: So, on a year-to-date basis, we're up approximately 200 basis points. Very much the Lab business leading the way there, with numbers actually north of that, and our Industrial business is somehow being somewhat laggards to that. And Retail, we struggle to have global price realization in the Retail business. In terms of next year, I think that we should be able to get something in the 150 basis point range. If you're wondering why a little bit less, we did make some extra moves this year, particularly driven in countries where we wanted to push through a little bit of extra pricing because of the strong dollar. So, for example, in places like Southeast Asia, we pushed through a little bit extra price increases there, to try to make up for some of the currency impacts.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So, hey, I would describe, first of all, a bright spot would be the Lab business overall and, of course, our Lab business maybe has a slightly different mix than some of the other guys. We have a little bit less healthcare, a little bit more industrial, within our product portfolio. But, overall, as mentioned, I think, kind of pulling out the impact of some large AutoChem orders last year, we think that that can be a high-single-digit business in the coming quarters. If I look at other parts of the portfolio, actually, Retail would be an area that's been growing there. And, of course, that's being driven by the increasing GDP per capita increasing consumer spending. Our Industrial businesses continue to be weak overall, but we do see pockets of growth there in some specific product categories where we're, I think, trying to push product categories. But, hey, probably they're small enough that it's not so helpful for us to mention at this point.
William P. Donnelly: So, material costs should be down, let's say, somewhere in the 1% range to 1.5% range. And you can kind of multiply that number by 0.3 or 0.4 to get a sense for what kind of impact that would have on the gross profit margin.
William P. Donnelly: 2016, it's got to do better than that. If you look at our Industrial business, we would expect the levels of decline are still large, that it's got to take a few more quarters to stabilize that business. So I think the beginning of the year, you'll continue to see declines in our Chinese business overall, whether we get to a flat business or a modest growth business in the second half of the year, I'm not quite sure yet.
William P. Donnelly: No, not – definitely not materially, because we have, to a certain extent, that – because such a high percentage of our Chinese business is Chinese manufactured products, clearly that piece will, again, at least, decline in the first half of the year. And we have, of course, always every year, a handful of products that we're transferring there ,or activities that we're transferring there. But I wouldn't expect the overall percentage to move materially.
William P. Donnelly: Yeah. So, in terms of our Industrial business overall, I think the Q3 is in line with our kind of year-to-date numbers. And we would expect to have maybe some slowing in some of core industrial areas but maybe some acceleration in terms of our food safety, product inspection related businesses. Our Lab businesses in the Americas did very well in the quarter and we expect continued good performance in the fourth quarter as well.
William P. Donnelly: We built in some additional service growth over product growth and maybe that will be short answer, Dan.
