Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and good evening, everyone. I'm calling in from Switzerland tonight, while Shawn and Mary are in Columbus, Ohio. Patrick Kaltenbach is also joining the call with me from Switzerland, and we are excited to have him on board. Patrick and I have had very productive onboarding sessions over the last few weeks, and he most recently has begun to meet with the senior leadership team who is very happy to welcome him. Patrick, I will turn it to you, as I know you want to make a few comments.
Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Patrick, for these very kind words. From my side, we're off to a great start and I look forward to our continued teamwork. I will start with a summary of the quarter and then Shawn will provide details on our financials. I will then have some additional comments and we will open the line for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter on Page 3 of the presentation. We ended the year with a very strong fourth quarter, which came in better than we expected. Local currency sales increased 7% in the quarter and growth was relatively broad based throughout the world. Our laboratory business and our Chinese business did particular well, in the quarter. We benefited from strong execution and we're well positioned to capture growth as customer demand improved. However, we continued to be negatively impacted by COVID-19 in certain areas. From the onset of the global pandemic, our focus has been to identify and pursue pockets of growth within our end markets and to be well positioned to capture growth as demand improves, which is what we saw in Q4. Our innovative go-to market approach really played very well into this environment, and allowed us to capture this growth. Good cost control and the continuous benefits of our margin and productivity initiatives contributed to strong growth in adjusted operating profit and very strong growth in adjusted EPS in the quarter. Finally, cash flow not one in the quarter, but also for the full year was excellent. 2020 was an extraordinary year with some of the most challenging market conditions we have faced in more than a decade. Our organizational ability helped us to quickly adapt approaches and processes to the new environment. A broad end market diversification and the use of sophisticated data analytics allowed us to shift our sales and marketing focus to the most promising end markets early on.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. So we would estimate that the COVID tailwinds was about 1% to 2% for the group. That was really related to the consumer business mainly, or almost exclusively around tips that we produce in our Rainin and Biotech facility. So that was actually really strong. But then the remainder of the service and consumable business was healthy and quite sustainable. I was actually pleased to see how we continue to perform service well, even under, again more difficult lockdown situations particular also in Europe, started end of Q4. And nevertheless, our service business could nicely hold up. And I would expect the same for this year. So I would almost say for our service business, we have a healthy environment. And I continue to expect similar growth as we had in the past.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. So, indeed, we still see good demand for quotes. We feel we have a very good market position. But we see that customers are just not committing to great and new packaging lines and so on, which is not surprising. All this food companies really need to protect the protection -- protect their production from any COVID exposures. And you can imagine, they have very rigid safety procedures, not wanting to let in any external suppliers. And that really drive the demand. And I wouldn’t be surprised that this takes the six months, there are many production companies that really hold back on CapEx. And as a reminder, about more than 70% of our revenue in product inspection is coming from food production. So, we count on the second half that we would really see a strong pent up demand. But I do expect that already in Q1 we will see better numbers, but not necessarily coming from pent up.
Olivier Filliol: So let me take the first part regarding the specifics, then Shawn can add in. Yes, indeed. We are very happy about how Q4 came together, the Chinese team did perform really, really well. There is also a good market for us. We see that the Chinese local investment is going very well and we benefit from that. The investments also go in the right market segments for us that we can benefit from. And I would certainly expect that this momentum will still go on for a while. We have here, for example Q1, I still have good expectations. For the second part of the year, however, we are going to face tougher comparisons, and that's certainly one of the reasons why we guys, when it comes to China a good start, but then a slowdown in the second part of the year. Now, Shawn, do you want to add some flavor to that last comment.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. Like always, it's difficult to have parse data on that. Our competitors do not publish specific comparable numbers. And so we need to base this on the observation of our field force. We certainly also observe it kind of growth momentum we see in the different industry segments and what we can expect. And based on that, we feel actually really good. We have also clear anecdotes that we are winning share, and I feel we are outpacing the market. We have this MGDP benchmark, and I certainly feel that we are outpacing that. And so that gives us all this confidence of the share gain, there are some other data points that we use internally. I mentioned that we leverage data analytics to guide our sales force. Last year, we had a special effort to guide the sales force to non customers. We did so because suddenly our sales force spend much less time behind the wheel. They have much more time doing cold calling and engaging new customers through virtual demos and virtual calls. And that that was at the base for us to expand the targets to our sales force. And we were very pleased to see the results in converting more than ever non customers. So that is a kind of confidence that this allows us to win share. So in a nutshell, we feel that we've protected well our existing customer base, while we accelerated the access of the conversion to non-customers. Certainly a strategy that we're going to pursue. I many times said, the crisis last year was for us an opportunity to leapfrog some of the changes, and in terms of go to market leapfrog the adaptation of internal new tools and techniques, and one of them was certainly all about the sales force guidance and reaching out to non-customers. We are going to certainly maintain that one.
Olivier Filliol: Let me take the first. We assume a relatively stable environment in terms of second wave. In Europe we are in the middle of the second wave. We are definitely on a quite a strict lockdown in many of the countries started already before Christmas. It feels very different to the first lockdown. The business while many of us are in home offices, we have here an infrastructure and then understanding with our customer base that businesses is going on. We definitely leverage all these. We have also less customer visits but effective relationships, and we do not see that the core customer base is putting investments on hold. So that's why this second wave is very different to the first wave when it comes to the business impact. On personal levels, it feels kind of similar, but not on the business level. If the environment stays about what it is right now, that's probably our base for our guidance here. And I am not particularly worried that the lockdown situation will significantly impact our business, and that means if the lockdown gets more severe or if everything would suddenly ease up, it looks like we have built here a certain resilience in our own business approach, as well as the business or the industry segments that we are targeting. I want to also remind, we did quite a shift last year in terms of the industry segments that we are targeting, and that shift we are going to maintain. Don't we too much around the M&A language. It's really in the sense that reinforcement of the strategy that we have been running in the past. We are very interested in adjacencies. We are interested in companies that fit well in our current business focus. And my point was even now that we have here leadership transition, Patrick and I share a common understanding here that we don't need any transformational acquisitions. We are not seeking any additional lag to the company. We feel we have an excellent franchise, but we want to leverage the franchise when there are good opportunities out there. Again, technology synergies or selective market consolidation opportunities. These are the typical adjacencies that we did in the past and that we certainly are going to continue to pursue.
Olivier Filliol: Sure. Yes, our expectation was that our industrial business would be more exposed to the slowdown of the economy. I am very pleased to see how Q4 came together across the globe pretty much, and also across the different product lines in industrial. And I expect this will continue on to be relatively healthy. But of course, then in the second part of the year, then comparisons might then also play again and certainly also China, where of course, we have a very significant industrial business. I would attribute it to a little bit the same things that we see for the whole group that we early on did go for the pockets of growth that still exist in this market, redirecting our resources and our attention to the most attractive accounts and that played well. There are industry segments that are very healthy at this stage. The whole pharma production, there is transport and logistics that is healthy for us and many other sub segments. And in combination with the sales force guidance topic that I raised before offered really good opportunities in spite that the overall economy is challenging. So there are segments that are down for us and other segments that when I say up and it is really up to us to focus on the right ones.
Olivier Filliol: I wouldn't talk about conservatism. I think it's we recognize that there are some industry segments with good upsides and orders that will be more difficult. At this stage, we would extrapolate kind of the trends that we have seen also in recent months where we say biopharma is strong and certain chemicals sub-segments are strong, and that should remain that way. Then I would expect that in the second part of the year, we're going to see a good growth in PI pent up demand, as we mentioned before. But then on the flip side, you have, of course, the comparison topic. So China will, for example, be rather down than to say, not the same growth rate in the second part of the year. So that's a bid. In terms of where we might experience positive or hopefully not negative surprises, product inspection in China are certainly the ones that have potential in both directions.
Olivier Filliol: Yes, I don't want to overstate the impact of our product launches on the top line. We often talked, our strategy is to continuously upgrade and launch new products. And they add up. But I would say, from one year to an order, there is not that much difference. Of course, the products that we showed to you in Tampa, these were particular also products in the area of auto cam. These products are going very well, very happy with the adoption rates. They will also continue to contribute very well this year. But they are made in all other categories, being it processed analytics, being an industrial. I talked before about lab balances. And all the moments I talked in the analytical space about new products we had for you , for example, and so on. So this is the whole portfolio that makes the difference to keep the technology leadership, but it's a continued thing. And again, last year or also 2021, I wouldn't highlight a particular product that will make the big difference to the top line.
Olivier Filliol: You're right, we are cautious about the microenvironment also for the rest of the year. I don't think the microenvironment will just immediately improve when the lockdowns go away. I think there are too many drivers for a microenvironment and so we have not particularly forecasted here an improved microenvironment. We more or less assume things remain about what they are today. So don't know, I wouldn't say this is particularly cautious. I think we just don't know if all these industry segments that are today down will suddenly recover. I would think that the momentum that we see in the industry segments, like in bio production, I don't think it goes necessarily away in the second part of the year. I think that can be actually quite sustainable. Yes, and we had modest benefit from investments in vaccine production. But in terms of share of our total revenue remains very small. So if that would slow down, that wouldn't necessarily have a big impact on us. The investment in pharma production and particularly also bio production, I think has a long way to go. So, in essence, I feel like the current microenvironment that we have could last for quite a few more quarters, including the industry mix.
Olivier Filliol: Yes. On the service side here, I would say this is more of an operational topic very early on. We were extremely forced in making sure that we equip our service technician with all the safety gears, and we went very early on made sure that our customers knew about that. And then we keep really operations going. You will recall, when we talked about Q2, how we did many good things to maintain production going. We were one of the first ones that we do production also in China. And similar things that we did also for the service technician. So we will really up and running. And what we benefit continue to benefit from is we do this net promoter score. And we had a very nice jump in customer satisfaction in Q2 that we saw in our NPS, and it went on throughout the year. And I feel this gives tribute to really our service force, how well they are performing. Having 3,000 people in the field here is powerful, then you need also to know that for service our biggest competition are local, I would almost say family owned companies. And for these companies, it is much more difficult to operate in the current COVID environment than for us, where we have a global organization and we have a lot of professional support of the field force. That's one. And the second one, our efforts to migrate to contract-based service was very beneficial. That protects a lot of our business.
Olivier Filliol: That's probably quite difficult to quantify, but a little bit the way to see you. We had now a few quarters of decline. I would expect that we can catch up quite a bit of this. The big question will be how fast. And is it going to be at the same time in U.S. as in Europe or not. There might be also differences by industry segments. For example, the meat industry in the U.S. has been very much impacted by COVID, certainly in area where there was very little investment or activities. So hopefully that will come back not too far away and then to be seen. So internally, I would say we count on the second part of the year. We were just talking also today with people from the industry. They were kind of hinting to us that the decision making might really start to ramp up again in Q3, as customers that would, yes, support our hypothesis. It should go along then into next year. I would certainly hope that 2022 has also some good PI quarters.
Olivier Filliol: So at this stage, we cannot fully satisfy the demand. We have capacity issues. This is around tips so not on pipette, but mainly on tips. The tips are used in COVID testing. We do expect that this is something that we have a spike right now and will then flatten or go back. We do already extraordinary efforts to increase the capacity, we have increased the capacity in Q4 and will continue to increase herein Q1. In the summer, indeed, we have an additional facility in Mexico, a new facility in Mexico that will go online. But it of course, will also take a few weeks that we can fully leverage that, that will bring additional capacity. But most important is that we can maximize capacity here in these days in these weeks. It's commercially attractive, but of course, it has also relevant -- it’s our contribution also to the help situation in the society. And so the teams are very motivated here to do the utmost.
Olivier Filliol: Yes, stern drive is about, really, dozens if not even hundreds of projects. Actually, last year, I think we were working on 300 projects. And just due to COVID, we had to put on hold or had some delays on a part of these 300 projects. We will resume the full speed on them here in 2021. The results in 2020 were still good. And I still also expect good contribution in 2021. But the programs have proven to be very powerful. I'm extremely happy about stern drive and wouldn't be surprised if down the road stern drive could have even a bigger impact. And I certainly also see Patrick to be passionate about the topic, he had his first review meetings around stern drive and came back in a very positive manner about it. And he will certainly engage on this and that will give the team and even more momentum. So you're going to continue to see us talking about stern drive and having benefit from it.
Olivier Filliol: Yes, thank you. Hey, let me end this call with a simple thank you to you analysts and shareholders listening here on this call. Thank you for your support and commitment to Mettler-Toledo over the many years. I have truly appreciated your engagement and the rigor you brought to our various interactions during this time. While my focus over the next two months is successful hand over to Patrick, and still delivering a very strong Q1. But I also very happy to remain involved with Mettler-Toledo in the future to my board role, as well as supporting Patrick on marketing and all the organizational matters. I wish you all a very successful 2021, and again, a big thank you and all the best to you. Bye-bye, everybody.
Shawn Vadala: Thanks, Olivier, and hello, everyone. Sales were $938 million in the quarter, an increase of 7% in local currency. On a U.S. dollar basis sales increased 11% as currency benefited sales by 4% in the quarter. On Slide number 4 we show sales growth by region. Local currency sales increased 8% in the Americas, 7% in Europe and 8% in Asia rest of the world. Local currency sales increased 12% in China in the quarter. The next slide shows sales growth by region for the full year 2020. Local currency sales increased 2% in the Americas, 1% in Europe, and 3% in Asia rest of the world. China local currency sales grew by 7% in 2020. On Slide number 6 we outlined local currency sales growth by product area. For the fourth quarter laboratory sales increased 12%, industrial increased 1% with core industrial up 5% and product inspection down 5%. Food retail increased 7% in the quarter. We estimate that we benefited 1% to 2% from COVID tailwinds in the quarter related to our pipette business for COVID testing. The next slide shows sales growth by product area for the full year. Laboratory sales increased 5%, industrial declined 1% with core industrial up 2% and product inspection down 7%. Food retail declined 4% in 2020. Let me now move to the rest of the P&L for the fourth quarter which is summarized on the next slide. Gross margin in the quarter was 59.6% a 60 basis point increase over the prior year level of 59.0%. Our margin initiative centered on pricing in Stern Drive, as well as temporary cost savings contributed to the margin growth offset in part by higher transportation costs and unfavorable business mix. R&D amounted to $39.9 million, which represents a 6% increase in local currency. SG&A amounted to $226.4 million a 5% increase in local currency over the previous year. Increased variable compensation was offset in part by our temporary cost savings and ongoing cost containment initiatives.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure. Thanks, Olivier and, hi, Tycho. Yes, so for the full year in China, Tycho, we're now looking at high single digit growth for the full year. That's an improvement from our previous guidance where we were saying mid-single digit. And right now we're feeling that high single digit would be both in the laboratory and the industrial business. But as Olivier mentioned, the pacing is going to be pretty unique just given the whole situation with the comparison in Q1 of last year, and then when we look at the second half of last year as well. So just to be even a little bit more specific on that, in Q1, we expect China to be up mid to high 20s in terms of growth. But again, that was versus a minus 13% in Q1 of last year. And then, of course, we're going to have to lap some of these tougher comparisons, which included 17% growth in Q3 of last year and now 12% in Q4 of this year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So hey, Derik, I'll take, it’s Shawn. So in the fourth quarter, we did just under 2.5% in terms of price realization. So that was a little bit of an improvement from what we were seeing earlier in the year. I think each quarter we started to see things progressively get a little bit better. Part of that improvement was that we were able to take a little bit more price in the area of pipette, as you just mentioned. We also were able to do a couple of other things where we're trying to offset some of these higher transportation costs as well. As we look to 2021, we were previously guiding a little bit more cautiously in the 150 basis point kind of a range with the concern that inflationary forecasts a few months ago were quite low for 2021, but still feel extremely good about the momentum in the program. Olivier also alluded to a few of those things in the prepared remarks as well. At this point in time, we're looking at probably a range of 150 to 200, wouldn't be surprised if we were more towards the higher end of that range. As we kind of see some of the dynamics in the market, we do see some opportunities to maybe gain a little bit more price than we saw maybe a few months ago. And we'll see how that plays out. But that's certainly something on our mind right now. Of course, the other side of that is that some of these opportunities and price are also looking at higher material costs in certain areas that we're mindful of that, that we might be facing as well, too.
Shawn Vadala: No, no. So for the full year, well, I mean for Q1 of course, we have triple digit numbers, but for the full year, just to be clear, we're expecting the operating margin to expand about 60 to 70 basis points, if we exclude the impact of currency. So currency will be favorable to operating profit, but it will actually have a negative impact on the margin. And that negative impact will probably be in the range of 20 basis points. But then just to kind of link it back to your comment about what we were saying before, we were saying before that we would be a little bit below our typical guide of 70 to a 100 in terms of our midterm expectations. So we might be slightly lower, but we're a little bit more optimistic just given the higher sales volume as well in terms of what we'd expect. And I think the other thing to always remember is, we did a 130 basis points this year. So now when we're looking at the two year combined growth, we're probably in the 190 to 200 basis point expansion, excluding currency, which we feel really good about. And as we kind of mentioned in the comments before, we feel like there is really excellent momentum on all the different margin expansion initiatives, whether it’d be pricing or stern drive, et cetera.
Shawn Vadala: Thanks, Brandon, thanks for the question. These are new tools, and so I'm kind of happy to be able to respond to it. So like many other things in the company, I think it's just a really good example of agility. So back in March, we really kind of launched into a variety of crisis management initiatives, around COVID. And then one of those initiatives, of course, was managed for cash, that's what we refer to it as internally. And so within that initiative, we challenged ourselves to come up with some new analytics, but even more importantly, to try to make the connection between the analytics in the actions to be more efficient. So we literally are broadcasting today individual KPI charts that are highly actionable with like top 10 lists as well, on a very daily basis to each finance organization go into the leader every single day. And we found that that in itself has become very actionable and it's allowed them to work with their local management teams, and really get people behind areas for improvement. And so that's just one example. We've done a lot of other things in the manage for cash initiative during the course of the year. In terms of more legs, we'll see, I think we just hit another good milestone, but when I take a step back, I think the best way to look at it is that our free cash flow conversion this year was over 100%. When we look at next year, we'll probably be right around 100% again. And so I think this is a level that, I don't think it's going to get too much more than 100%. But I just think that flow through around 100% is a good range. I'm comfortable looking at that for 2021. And I think as we go out, we'll kind of take it on a year-by-year basis. But right now, we feel really good about the cash flow conversion.
Shawn Vadala: So, probably even bigger picture, Jack. So we have increased sales overall for the group. So that's not just China, that's just the overall group. The next thing I would say is that we would have and probably within that, yes, you have China being a little bit better, you have Europe being a little bit better, you have core industrial being a little bit better, and you have lab being a little bit better. And then we have the second thing would be our 2020. You have a more favorable currency environment. And then of course, we have the reduced tax rate. And so when you add that all up, I think that's how you bridge our guidance.
Shawn Vadala: No, we still look at food retail as a low-single-digit business for 2021. The business always can be a little bit lumpy. We're very much tied to customer projects and buying cycles. So I wouldn't necessarily read anything particular into the fourth quarter results. Although, I would say that we are looking at a more favorable outlook again in the first quarter and probably will start the year more high single digit there.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So, maybe I'll start with the last part of the question, Dan. So we're thinking high single digit for lab for the full year for 2021 and then for Q1, we're looking at low teens. In terms of the results in Q4, we really felt good about the whole portfolio. I mean of course the pipette business is of course continuing to do well. We probably had a little bit better in terms of the COVID tailwinds, in terms of what we were expecting. But if I look at the other categories, like Process Analytics had a great quarter and we also did really well in our analytical instrument business as well as our laboratory balanced business. So we feel like generally there is really good momentum there globally, good market trends. Of course, there's also pockets of challenging in other industries, but in particular, biopharma is doing very well.
