Mary T. Finnegan: Thanks, Victoria, and good evening to everyone. I am Mary Finnegan, I'm the Treasurer and responsible for Investor Relations at Mettler-Toledo, and I'm happy to welcome you to the call tonight. I am joined here with Olivier Filliol, our CEO; and Bill Donnelly, our Chief Financial Officer. I want to cover just a couple of administrative matters before we get started. This call is being webcast and is available for replay on our website at www.mt.com. A copy of the press release and the presentation that we will refer to is also available on our website. Let me summarize the Safe Harbor language, which is outlined on Page 1 of the presentation. Statements in this presentation which are not historical facts constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied. For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please see the discussion in our recent Form 8-K. All of the forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed under the caption, Factors Affecting our Future Operating Results, in the Business and Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition sections of our Form 10-K. Just one other item, on today's call, we may use non-GAAP financial measures. More detailed information with respect to the use of and differences between the non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP measures is provided in our 8-K. I will now turn the call over to Olivier.
Mary T. Finnegan: Steve, it's a little bit higher. You're talking about currency and EPS, it's probably closer to 16 -- $0.15 now.
Mary T. Finnegan: Thank you, Victoria. And hey, thanks, everyone, for joining the call. As always, if you have any questions, hey, please don't hesitate to call us. Thanks and good night.
Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and our updated guidance for 2013. I will then comment on the current business conditions, as well as provide an update on our Service business. As always, we will have time for Q&A at the end. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. Local currency sales increased 1% in the quarter, in line with the range we outlined on our last call. Both Europe and Americas did better than we expected, while market conditions in Asia, particularly China, were more challenging than expected. In particular, we saw the situation in China deteriorate in June. We had another quarter of strong gross margin improvement, which combined with the benefit of our cost control initiatives, drove a solid increase in operating profit. I'm pleased with the 9% increase in earnings per share. Despite modest conditions, which are less than ideal, we believe we will generate solid earnings per share growth in the second half of the year. We will have more to say on our outlook for 2013 in a few moments. But now, let me turn it to Bill to cover the financial results.
Olivier A. Filliol: Let me maybe have Bill cover it because he was actually the very close contact, also with the Chinese team over the last few days, on these kind of topics and he can give you -- certainly, he has more details.
Olivier A. Filliol: We, definitely, as Bill said, we recognize that the short-term outlook, we also feel a little bit worse than the last call. But when it comes to the midterm, long term, the factors that I mentioned on last call are still very valid. I feel really in that sense comfortable that the key drivers like the overall manufacturing GDP growth will remain healthy and will be driving our growth. The increasing GDP per capita is, for example, one that is very relevant for us because that will mean more packaged food consumption, helping our food inspection, but also the pharmaceutical industry will benefit from that indirectly. We benefit with our instruments. There is government efforts that are really going on to move into more value-add industries that will drive also the number of scientists in the workforce. Again, the fact that, that helps us very much. And I continue to see that there is good investments in automation and quality topics, and we will certainly continue to benefit from that one. So all in all, these macro factors are very favorable. They will be particularly favorable for the Laboratory business and the Product Inspection business. We would recognize that these businesses have the better growth prospect than the Industrial business. And we have been talking for quite a while that we would foresee that our Chinese business, who is currently skewed toward industrial, will rebalance more to a global average than we experienced.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, so currently, about 23% of our global sales, we would clearly see that this ratio is higher in the West than in emerging markets. And however, I see good, good progress in emerging markets on the topic and I would foresee that they have actually good growth momentum for many more years on that topic. So we're going to benefit from that effect. Then we're going to benefit from all these initiatives that I just mentioned. Over an economic cycle, I definitely expect service to grow more than products. And with that, I do expect that this share will grow up, but we are talking about every year a few points. I'm not suggesting here that this is a radical shift; it's a journey and there is a long way to go here. But every year, a little but will help us to shift the mix. I like it so much, because of course, the Service business is more resilient, more repetitive and service has above-group-average profitability. So it's a good trend for us.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, I would characterize Europe as bouncing along the bottom. Market conditions remain still uncertain, but they are definitely not getting worse from what we are seeing. In contrary, I would say when talking to the team, they really express good outlooks and optimism. You might recall that I shared that also the last time we talked on the call, that the team were feeling things were better than what we could read in the newspaper. And it translated actually in the numbers, and I feel still that, that's the case now. One explanation for that is certainly that comparisons. And we now start to benefit from easier comparisons. So that's a little bit the reason why I say we bounce along the bottom. Certainly too early to see here good momentum in the economy. And it depends, also, by the different geographies. But there were a few countries that I highlighted also in the prepared remarks that had good momentum. And so I feel that's probably a fair characterization of how we see Europe at this stage.
Olivier A. Filliol: Just on China, I would say the liquidity topic that Bill mentioned certainly impacts, in a different way, end-user industries. Everything that is infrastructure-related is very much impacted by that, and then we have smaller private companies that are also impacted by it. They're -- but at the same time, I want to also stress that there are market segments in China that remain, actually, very attractive and where we see, also, good activities. I would, for example, mention everything there is, testing labs, environmental market, and so on. We have not huge exposure to them, but they are healthy markets. And for example, food processing market, food safety topics and so on, remained good. And what we are really working on is to make sure that we are shifting resources and our attention to these growth opportunities, and not getting hang up on the segments that will probably suffer also for quite a while. The liquidity thing is a short-term thing, but we will also have impact from the overall economy that slowed down.
Olivier A. Filliol: Well, we are talking about years. This is not a short thing, it takes years. And I would say the way it's going to happen is by having the Lab business and Product Inspection business having better growth in China than Industrial. So it's not that I expect here that we have continuous declines on Industrial or Retail, it's much more that the Lab business will -- and Product Inspection will have strong growth. So -- but to rebalance, we talk here about multiple years.
Olivier A. Filliol: The way we should look at Blue Ocean. Blue Ocean is an enabler for us to continue all these programs that we have in place, for operational excellence and in particular, around Spinnaker and pricing when we talk about the front end. So I'm not looking to Blue Ocean, let's say, "Okay, we have this country going live with Blue Ocean, and thanks to that, we will have an extra 2% price increase the following year." I rather see that Blue Ocean is a complete enabler for us to get more data transparency, get better pricing execution on all these topics, and will help us to maintain these ongoing price increases that we have every year and getting even more sophisticated. But it's a continuous journey and a continuous program.
Olivier A. Filliol: I think what's happening regularly is that we work on promising projects, and teams can work along with they have in their sales pipeline. And then it doesn't materialize or we decide not to pursue it, but that wouldn't be in our -- wouldn't be booked as orders in our systems.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay. So we -- in Q2, overall, we had good momentum, and this relates also to order entry. And I would, in that sense, also expect that we'd get a benefit for the rest of the year. So rest of the year will be stronger than year-to-date numbers.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, that's -- absolutely. We feel that we have the right balance of things going on. Of course, we continuously optimize our cost structure that's -- at the same time which we invest. But if I look big picture, I feel actually comfortable that we have the right cost structure going forward. There are things that we feel are adapting. For example, also, in China, we do selective moves here because we definitely recognize that we need to do some resource shift and we need also to maintain our productivity gains that we always pursue. But all in all, no major new initiatives that are being launched here.
Olivier A. Filliol: So that's -- I would almost say, I come up here with a standard answer. We definitely continue with our R&D commitments and investments. We have not been cutting back on that one, even in the more difficult economic times. And the pipeline is a continuous one. We -- every quarter, we are launching a few new products, and it is definitely also true here for the coming months. And there's some good things coming out in the titration area. We have things that we are leveraging in the pH area. Actually, I could name it. I just realized, of course, Balance, we have also something in the pipeline for the next 3 months. The usual things, nothing that I would particularly highlight and would say, "Oh, this is going to make a big impact." But it's very important to our story here that we come out regularly with products -- new product generations to drive the product replacement cycle in the market and to expand our competitive advantage that we have in all the different Lab segments. So, yes, feel comfortable and good stuff coming, believe me.
Olivier A. Filliol: I don't -- I would see that when we walk away from deals. If we walk away from projects because of terms and conditions, the likelihood that it might go to another company is high. That's a calculated risk that we are willing to take because we feel that the right way and the sustainable way to do the business. But when -- absent of that one, I do not feel that customers are looking for lower-cost suppliers, that's not what I observe at all.
Olivier A. Filliol: And on top of that, they have been operating with big margins for quite a while. So they are entering this economic situation with a much more difficult context.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay. Actually Russia had good growth and that's against easier comparisons. And we had -- India, actually, I'm really happy how India performs. The growth in the quarter, if I recall well, was more modest, but we had growth. And I think it's a good accomplishment compared to what's happening in the market. And I really feel -- well with that market. And then we have some modest markets, like Eastern Europe, that performed really well, and I continue to be happy, especially considering that they have a European context that could be challenging. But actually, the team performs very well.
Olivier A. Filliol: We -- in general, I would say the capacity that we have, the facilities that we have are absolutely sufficient also for the long term. There's one exception that I would mention here is that we are building a new plant in the western part of China, but that's actually to serve that region. We want to be closer to the customers there. And this is mainly for the heavy industrial equipments, for example, vehicle scales, where you need a certain proximity to have a good penetration in the market. So I would say that's an investment in market development. And we take the opportunity, also, since we built a new manufacturing plant for the vehicle business there, we also are leveraging that new site for our market organization. But otherwise, I wouldn't foresee big investments here to expand capacity, even for a couple of years here.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes. Let me cover the second question before I get the data for the first question. I was just looking it up. But -- so on the second part, actually, often, we see the opposite. We actually -- when the economic times is weak, people would cut also maintenance budgets. They would, on the one hand, try to keep the products lower, and so maybe there is a bigger risk that the product might fail and therefore more repair. But when it comes to maintenance contracts, it's more challenging. And what we would also see is that customers would try to do the service more themselves in difficult economic times. And then the third point I would stress is the Service business depends, particularly the Industrial business, depends also on capacity utilization of our customers' plants. Now what we are experiencing here that service is doing well for us, I think it's really a reflection of all the initiatives that we were talking about before. We have been working on improving our service growth rates for quite a while. And we start to really see the fruits. And if I look at the number, actually it was 6% and definitely reflecting that this was strong. But I would explain it was our own initiative and not an economic phenomenon.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes. I think that's a fair statement. I would expect service to do better. Not necessarily every quarter. What you would see is if product sales has a strong quarter, it's going to be difficult for service to match that. In essence, service will be certainly more steady, but if I take it over a certain time period, I would definitely expect service to be above product growth.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So first of all, I think CHIBOR, what happened to it, more as a symptom, right? We do see tightening of credit. So for example, I -- we see it in the customer base, that we have more guys on credit hold. We actually have -- I mentioned on the last call, and can see pretty significant reduction now in inventory in some of our lab dealer channels, for example, who would carry make-to-stock type of products. We see reduced big project activity and our feeling is that we still have a little bit of time yet for the overall situation to get to a little bit easier comp and that growth rates returned to, maybe not where they were 2, 3 years ago, but still to a nicer growth rate more in line with their GDP or a little bit better. The areas that we see that we're, let's say, most see the biggest weaknesses in the medium term, or the next couple of quarters, I should say, relate to the Industrial business. I think with regard to the Lab business and the Product Inspection, we feel a little bit better about that. I think particularly if you adjust for maybe the reduced inventory in the channel and some of the credit holds that are in place. Yes, I think that you guys have read a lot about it in the paper and heard news reports about these credit topics, liquidity topics, in China. I think we're seeing some of that manifest in our business. There's still a lot of good things going on, even in the short term. And I guess, nothing has changed in our minds about China for the medium to long term. We continue to be very excited about our growth prospects there. Maybe I can let Olivier comment a little more there.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. So in terms of by division, we had a decline in the Laboratory business of, let's call it 7% or so, and about 15% or so in the Industrial business, and Retail business was actually up. If I'd look and you drill down a little bit on the Lab numbers, it was AutoChem, for example, which is not a big piece of that business, but it was down 90% in part because there was some big orders in the quarter the year before. And then our Balance business was down in China, and that's a largely reflection of us reducing inventory in the channel. In terms of your comments regarding, maybe it getting a little bit more broad-based, I think that, that is the case. It is the case, too, that maybe there were more orders we declined, if you know what I mean, in the second quarter, where we just felt this, the margin and the prospects for payment on this one, maybe were not as good as they should be for us to accept the work. In that case, most of those relate to some infrastructure-related projects maybe out in some of the second and third tier cities. Those are more government-related and that will be an example of a relatively bigger entity. But yes, I would maybe also say that there's always some impact if on a general customer base because they're all seeing their small customers spending less and that has some impact on them, too.
William P. Donnelly: Orders were a little bit better, Jon. But I think it's fair to say, and I think we would have -- we were, entered the quarter and came out of April thinking we ought to be able to put up a mid-single digit positive number and actually, while orders were better than sales, they were actually down around 5% or so in China. And that was mostly incurred in the month of June. We were actually, I think, positive, April, May combined.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. I think our view is that, first of all, we had a solid quarter in the Americas. Order growth and sales growth were both pretty good. And our retail did well, but actually our core product categories all had good periods. So it was a good profit period as well. And they built a little bit of backlog. And so we were feeling pretty good about that. In terms of the back half of the year, I think you're going to see, let's call it, mid-single digit, maybe the lower end of mid-single digit, but in -- for that in the Americas. And I think we'll see all product categories probably doing pretty good, I think. The only product area I could think of right now that we -- maybe some of our kind of core Industrial product categories weren't particularly strong, but actually, the vehicle piece was good. And then maybe the Rainin business, which has exposure to academia, wasn't particularly strong, but not terrible either.
William P. Donnelly: We didn't have any order cancellations. I think I mentioned there were -- when we were talking to the Chinese team, they did tell us they walked away from more, what they felt were too low a margin, vis-a-vis the risk, from a credit perspective, with some customers, but it was never orders they expected, but more orders they ultimately declined to accept. And -- but in terms of actually us having received orders and then customers contacting us to cancel them, I am not aware of. I mean, I'm sure there are a few out there, but nothing material such that I would have noticed a backlog adjustment or something.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. So we had -- and now these are quarterly numbers. So overall, we had 100 basis points improvement in gross margin. We had a 2.3% price increase in the quarter, net realized. And so you can kind of -- the impact on gross profit margin from that was 110 basis points. Then we had about a 60 basis points benefit from material costs reductions, which were material costs were down 2.4% in the quarter. And then kind of, let's call it, mix and other, but a lot of the other is the low volume and what happened with overheads was minus 70 bps. And that's how you got to the 100 basis points.
William P. Donnelly: Sure. In terms of, let's say -- and there are different pieces, but in terms of June, in China, our orders were down, it was the worst month in the quarter. I think they were down in the order of 10% or so. If you look at a multiyear basis, it's probably -- that sounds a little bit worse, because that was the toughest comp as well in the 3 months of last year's quarter. If I go to Europe, we had kind of a positive trend coming out of June. Orders were a good bit above the prior year and above the sales level. To give you a feeling, our backlog is up a good bit. Actually, I think it's the first time we've had a year-on-year backlog increase since the beginning of 2012. If I pull out China, which is usually -- accounts for a lot of our backlog as a company, it's actually quite a big increase, which I think, maybe to your point, Tycho, we see pretty good trends coming out in the Western world, maybe a little bit offset with what we're seeing in China.
William P. Donnelly: Hey, Tycho, I apologize. You broke up a little bit. I got the incremental margin number, but I didn't get the...
William P. Donnelly: I think that, that's reasonable. I -- of course, we're going to have some easier comps next year. We're probably feeling -- we're certainly not going to have negative numbers coming out of China for the full year, next year. So I think we would probably say, sitting here today, the lower part of mid-single digit to mid-single digits would probably seem realistic. We'll give you precise guidance when we -- in 3 months or so. And with regard to the incremental margins, I think your -- I think, if I heard you right, you were kind of staying high 20s, maybe low 30s, and I think that's probably realistic.
William P. Donnelly: I might even say that our -- you probably heard us talk in the past, Derik, that, from a competitive landscape point of view, China is by far the most fragmented of the markets we compete in, and that can't last forever. And maybe we're going to have a little bit of natural consolidation because our competitors are -- many of our Chinese competitors are actually the ones who are most hard hit by what's happening right now. So they're having their own access to capital issues, as well as maybe some of their customer base, on average, let's call it, they're not getting paid in 5 days from Nestle and 12 days from Pepsi. So they have bigger things probably to deal with in that regard.
William P. Donnelly: Actually the -- as you saw, we had worse results in China in the second quarter. But actually, the rest of emerging markets did better than they did in the first quarter.
William P. Donnelly: Yes. Product Inspection, yes. It was actually slightly down in core Industrial, up a little bit in Product Inspection.
William P. Donnelly: Lab is the biggest contributor, but Product Inspection does well, overall. And it would kind of go, in order, Lab, Product Inspection, Industrial and then Retail, I think, was actually negative.
William P. Donnelly: Well, volume can be a little -- I mean, volume might be a little bit misleading, of course, because it's not standard units and the price points are so different. But if your point is, if you pull out the impact of pricing out of the Lab growth, is it, overall, more flattish? Yes, I think that would be the answer.
William P. Donnelly: In terms of gross profit margin expansion, we expect it to narrow in the second half of the year. The reason we're expecting it to narrow a little bit is that, as a reminder, in the middle of last year, we put through a midyear price increase. And so we have, at least for the first half of this year, kind of 2 price increases, the midyear of last year, as well as the January 1. So it's not that prices will decline, but just the year-on-year impact will be less. As a reminder, we had about 100 basis points gross margin expansion in the second half of last year versus the second half of '11. And so I expect, now, numbers more in the 30, 40, 50 bps range in the second half of the year.
