Olivier Filliol: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone on the call. We are conducting the call from Switzerland this evening and started a little earlier than we normally do given the time difference. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and guidance. I will then have some additional comments before we open the lines for Q&A. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 3 of the presentation. We had another quarter of excellent results, sales growth was very strong with great growth in Asia/Rest of World including China as well as the America. Europe also had a solid quarter specially when adjusting for the Easter impact. We are pleased with our ability to capitalize on our growth initiatives, we continue to expand margin and EPS growth in the quarter was excellent. We are very pleased with the second quarter and first half results. Our outlook for the remainder of the year is also very positive, although we will face more challenging comparisons. We continue to be optimistic that we can further our share gains and delivered strong performance in 2017. Let me handle it over to Bill now to cover the financials.
Olivier Filliol: So, we felt good about also the other emerging markets beside China, we have parts of Southeast Asia that have a strong quarter and even the Russia and Brazil also did quite well. You might recall on the last call we did also talk about India, we have in India mid single-digit growth against very good growth last year. India is a little bit impacted by some new tax regulations, so maybe for the second part we’re going to see a little bit of an impact. But overall, actually really good results across all the emerging markets and we stay confident that we are going continue to see good momentum there.
Olivier Filliol: The field turbo is really inspiring us as long-term initiatives like statistical [indiscernible] approaches, every year we get a little more sophisticated plus we don’t see an end to the story, you are not going to necessarily see us to the same amount every year, we will certainly address that to the market conditions, but in general we see opportunities really around the world and we are prioritizing however the business is with the best profitability and certainly also the best opportunity for us to win market share. We the reason why I say the program has many more years to go is our average market shares are still giving us plenty room and for many, many years to grow here to additional resources and the additional resources help us to serve the customer better way and to have a better geographic coverage. So yes, if I look this year we are for example planning to add another 200 people roughly and we are certainly going to investigate for opportunities later this year and from today’s perspective there is no reason why we wouldn’t do something similar again next year.
Olivier Filliol: Because the data is not so easily available from our competitors. We can’t exactly quantify the numbers on a quarterly base or business-by-business or country. But in general, I definitely feel very strong about our product inspection business how we do there, really very strong, the whole lot portfolio does also extremely well. And I also feel like we do well on the remaining businesses and when you think about geographies and feel strong across the world. And so I wouldn’t highlight particular country or so and yeah.
Olivier Filliol: So, in terms of investments this has been something going on for years, we have heavily invested in having better data on our installed based. We make sure that we have an understanding where all our installed based is with respect to decision makers or users behind it and having an understanding how the equipment is used. And then running marketing programs behind it and that’s actually very diligent work, detailed work for developing service contract business you need to do micro complains and that something that we have been really developing over the years. And we have invested accordingly in telesales resources, but also service development people. And then when you have the business of course we need to add more service technicians and heavily invest in training for this service technicians, we are proud of having a very well trained, but also very specialized service force around the world. And so these are multiple investments and of course we always talk about our [indiscernible] program, so in essence there is also IT tools that support our service organization across the world.
Olivier Filliol: Okay, so life science in general is about 25% to 30% we will include [indiscernible] so have bio-pharma, we have pharma on skills and so on. this is a market that we serve in particular with the high tech business but also auto lab business and with the degree of which the process analytics business. You heard us just talking about high tech how well we have been doing so very happy with that. And if I look at the process analytics business, we had excellent growth last year, this year a little bit less so, but in terms of two year growth actually remains really strong and I think I feel like we saw a little a weaker now but that’s because the comparison were really so difficult. But in terms of market momentum, I definitely feel good and we’re reviewing that business early in the week and the outlook actually remains strong. So, I feel actually good about the end user prospect and particular also in the area bio production and bio stimulus and all the related markets.
William Donnelly: So, interesting question, I think one of the reasons that I wanted to call out in our guidance for Q3, Ross is the impact of retail is that when you kind of look at a three year growth rate including retail and two year growth rate including retail you kind of see Q1, Q2, Q3 all kind of at the same level. But when you start to pull out the impact of retail actually, you see that there is just a modest little pick up. And I’m not sure this the impact of certain part of the global economy, I mean our general view is there is not too any [indiscernible] parts of the world right now. But I think it’s the fact that we got a little bit more Field Turbo in there. And so we feel good about what we see globally, there is some markets like China that we would say hey, China is not going to say at that kind of rate and we will start to face much tougher comps later in the year. But, overall we don’t see a slowdown, we see this 5% as more a little bit “artificial impact” due to retail which is kind of lumpy and just as a reminder for everybody tends to be a little less profitable particularly in the contribution line than some of the business, and also in the quarter.
William Donnelly: Yes, we had high single-digit growth in lab for the second half of the year. And the Product Inspection business should continue to do quite well although they had a very tough comps in the fourth quarter and our core industrial business should be in that mid single-digit. It’s the retail business that’s we are looking at probably a double-digit decline there in the second half.
William Donnelly: Okay. So the price were up 230 basis points in the quarter and that’s 2010 year-to-date and so that contributed about 1%, then we had productivity gains including material component and labor component that was about 30 bps for the quarter, 60 bps year-to-date. And then the mix and let’s call it other would be then the reconciling items.
William Donnelly: Let me answer the last part first. So the tax rates sitting here today we would say same point 22% rate next year. In terms of Europe I tend to look at the year-to-date numbers and say that our lab business is up 8.5% year-to-date and our industrial and [TI] (Ph) business is up about 5% year-to-date and kind a looking at the details I would say that 2% to 3% for the Easter impact on Europe is probably still realistic number particularly if I’m looking at the multi year growth rates too and if I adjust for that I think that is a reasonable assumption Steve.
William Donnelly: Okay. I think the thing that’s really changed the last couple of quarters is the industrial business. So, we’re doing well on industrial. I think there is multiple factors contributing it to that. One is we going back couple of years redirected our sale resources to go to more selected industrial markets. And I think it’s fair to say that that process happen all at once. So, when you are approaching new segments, trying to gain share with customers et cetera it took a while to grow that up and I think that still improving. Second factor is, we clearly believe that there was pent up demand in recent years coming from China, it’s hard to quantify, but we certainly have seen in another parts of the global economy, gets weak and there is let’s say something of a financial limitation on credit availability that we tend to get eventually bounce backs in our replacement cycles. And then maybe the third thing that is another tough one to quantify and it’s probably a little bit into the coming quarters, but there is probably something to be said with the end of the five year conference coming up that the government likes to talk about this program or that program that they have gotten finished for the benefit of the “people” and we are today much less a direct beneficiary of such programs than we were in the past but we are certainly an indirect beneficiary of the pushing you get some of those projects done.
William Donnelly: Okay, sure. So year-to-date basis our lab business is up and mid teens let’s call it and industrial business is up around 20%.
William Donnelly: So maybe I just start by trying to persuade with the idea that I want to answer your question, but I don’t want us to get distracted on that question too. If you look at what is going to drive our EPS growth for the long-term it’s how we are doing in those core product categories. Retail is by definition lumpy, it represents today Mary help me, probably by the end of this year somewhere around 8% sort of 8.5% and it’s meaningfully less profitable than any other businesses. So certainly we need to help you guys with expectations for it, but if you think about your long-term model it’s not going to be a key value driver. With that being said, sitting here today we don’t know that much, as you guys remember our budget tour is coming up, but we will know a lot more on the next call and probably to give you some better insights. But you know sitting here today we will always say our next three to five year expectations for retail is also [indiscernible] and sitting here today we would see a different number for 2018 and that.
William Donnelly: As you might recall that’s in recent quarters we were surprised actually by better retail numbers than expected, some of that was driven also by the European regulation for label, so we had a little bit of a spike of business that we are facing now tougher comparison and that business doesn’t repeat. So again, this is lumpiness of that business and we just should accept it, because I feel that it’s kind of not the core that we want to focus on driving cost.
William Donnelly: Yes. Sure. So, it’s correct, we are up about 30 bps in the second quarter and that 1largely was explained because we’re up a 160 bps in the prior year. In the second half of the year, I think you can assume our gross profit margins will be up about 50 bps.
William Donnelly: Hi. I struggle to be overly precise, because each one was independently bottoms up, if you know what I mean Steve. So, but that being said on the EPS side we certainly built in some additional upside due to higher sales expectations. We built in some impact due to higher bonuses to be paid. And you might know that has a little bit of weird impact that if I can explain it clearly in the second half of the year, because the first half of the year was so strong it’s got mean, we finish very, very well on our bonus plans for the full-year. But with this kind of more mid single-digit growth in the second half of the year has a little bit of a disproportionate impact on the cost structure in the second half. And incremental margins would otherwise be even better in the second half. And then we updated ForEx, ForEx is still a slight headwind for the full-year, but certainly less than the headwind than it was last time and then we added in the impact of what we would be this quarter. So, that kind of gives you hopefully the flavor of how we are thinking about it.
William Donnelly: Yes. I guess that it certainly got it over the only hesitation on the amount remember our pre-tax earnings are larger in the second half of the year than the first. So you might not be that much of an impact to get there but it’s something north of 22, 24 probably.
William Donnelly: Yes, so maybe we kicked off some projects that will layer in over time, but I think we kicked off projects that have a total value savings about $9 million again it won’t be all realized at once related to the Stern Drive program. We were relatively flat in terms of material cost and year-to-date basis and I believe that commodity prices were negative about a $1 million with offsets in other categories and then another one that was negative if I recall correctly was electronic components. So electronic components in commodity prices are up and other categories are down, I think we got 2 millions are negatives and 2 million of positives if I remember correctly.
William Donnelly: So yes it could be 1% or something like that, I think their pure service business is certainly less than $10 million.
