Olivier A. Filliol: Thank you, Mary. Good evening. I'm pleased to welcome you to the call. I will start with a summary of the quarter, and then Bill will provide details on our financial results and I will be update the guidance for this year and the initial guidance for 2012. I will then update you on our growth initiatives for 2012 and as always, we will have time for Q&A at the end.  We are very pleased with the results for the third quarter. The highlights for the quarter are on Page 2 of the presentation. Local currency sales growth of 15% was excellent, and I'm particularly pleased with the broad-based nature of the growth. Almost all product lines and geographies showed very strong performance.  Despite significant currency headwinds, we achieved a 15% increase in adjusted operating profit and an 18% increase in adjusted EPS. While we are very cautious on the uncertainty in the economic environment, we expect solid growth in the fourth quarter and 2012. Bill will provide more details on our third quarter results as well as guidance.  Now let me turn it over to him.
Olivier A. Filliol: No. Actually, we feel definitely the same way you have. Actually, I think the PCE acquisition that we just talked about before is a typical example. When we see an opportunity to add an important technology that is close to our core, it's a good one. But typically, these are smaller bolt-on acquisitions, and we don't have any ambitions to go for large acquisitions. We feel actually we have a very strong franchise with strong set up. We don't need to add another big leg to the company. So same strategy, and we are having a rigid process to screen opportunities and then maintaining the good discipline of not overpaying these acquisition opportunities.
Olivier A. Filliol: I would tell you a general, quite broad-based. When I look at the developed markets, I would say in particular Europe, and we're in a situation where there is a lot of volatility and it's a little bit difficult to predict. We still have good momentum in Europe, but we are kind of here I'm saying, hey, that could also change. So I would say it's mainly the uncertainty of Europe that drives this bigger range. But of course, also Asia Pacific and emerging markets in general, having the spike share in our mix, we always said that emerging markets have a higher volatility. We are experiencing excellent growth. If I could just take China, we have now 7 quarters of -- consecutive quarters with growth of more than 20%. And we are saying for quite a while, we expect that this will come down and be more kind of to the mid-teens and could even temporarily go a little bit below. Now that emerging markets are that big part of our mix, we need to live also with a little bit bigger uncertainty once it comes and this is for the whole group.
Olivier A. Filliol: Okay. I think it was 23% in the last quarter in terms of growth, and for the fourth quarter we would be more in the mid-teens. So it is -- we expect a certain slowdown versus the 20%-plus growth that we experienced in the last quarters.
Olivier A. Filliol: Yes, Isaac, the way we think about share gains here is we go every year for a few percentage of share gains. We don't think about bold changes in the marketplace. It's not that we are seeing other competitors exiting the market. What we see is that by being very disciplined in price increase and executing our Spinnaker manufacturing, we tend to outgrow the market pretty much across all business lines. And that's also the reason why I wouldn't particularly highlight one or the other business where I feel we did expand our market share gain more than in orders. I would rather attribute it that in some of the businesses, we have a relative market position that is strong in orders. Like in Product Inspection, we have a particularly strong position. We have a very good growth there, and in that sense, that's particular beneficial. But it's not, again, that I feel we won in one business in a dramatic way from a competitor or so.
Olivier A. Filliol: I would name 2 external ones and 2 internal ones. The external one, of course, manufacturing GDP and PMI are good indicators for the wide range of businesses that we have. And in the internal side, it is what we hear from our salespeople and our country managers. That's always a very good input. And the second one is leads generation. Leads generation is certainly a very early indicator. You can't always take it a one-to-one because if you have an economic slowdown, it's maybe not just leads that slow down but also the conversion of them. But these are very helpful for us to have early signs.
Olivier A. Filliol: In general, I would say not particular. Actually, if I look at a global scale, I wouldn't say that the lab equipment is getting more competitive than any of the other businesses. And when you mentioned for some titrators, so not that all. We have quite a stable position. We are the price leader, and we -- in that sense, I think our disciplined approach to that and not using price as a competitive weapon to win market share prevents also kind of competitors doing things that would deteriorate the whole market. And you mentioned pipettes business, the pipette business maybe in the U.S., we see a little bit more competitive right now because the market was certainly a little bit softer. And because market was softer, it might be something that people are looking to protect their revenue. But that would be the only exception that I would see, and I would even focus that on the U.S. market and not make it a global topic.
Olivier A. Filliol: Jon, I think 2012 will be very similar to what we have seen in 2011, a continuous flow of new products. If you recall, in Mettler-Toledo world we are dependent on a very wide range of new product launches every year. And typically, customers are taking also their time to really decide to go to the new models. And it's not that if we introduce one new product, we would see a major impact on our revenue. So we are pursuing our normal product launch strategy. You will see some exciting new products next year. But I would say, it's very similar to what you have seen this year. And I think actually in Q3 in particular, we had a very good product launch pipeline, and we will see some benefits now in the next few months but it will not be the most important growth driver overall. It's just a continuous stream that we have here, and helping also further differentiating and distancing from our competition. Our product leadership here is always key to support our market share gains and our pricing leadership that we have.
Olivier A. Filliol: I think, Bill, you hit the right points. I think there are 2 macro trends that will support this mix change. The first one is the number of scientists joining the workforce, and since we sell particular personalized devices in the lab, that will highly benefit the laboratory business. And the second one is this drive to quality and more measurement points, more quality labs all beneficial to the lab business. So I think we have here reasons why the lab business should in the mid, long term outgrowth our industrial business, and that will lead to this more standard Mettler-Toledo mix that Bill was referring to.
Olivier A. Filliol: No. That's actually completed. It did go extremely smooth, extremely fast and I'm so proud of how the team executed on that one. We actually integrated that down in our Florida operation, and we could expand our facility just with an adjacency and went extremely smooth. And the whole of Eagle acquisition goes very, very nice not just from an operational standpoint, also from a customer reception standpoint. It's going well, and the market is receiving well this dual-brand approach that we are applying to it.
Olivier A. Filliol: Hey, I would say every business and geographies outperformed expectations. But I would say, it's particularly Europe and Europe industrial that was better. Now that was really nice. On the lab side, we had the Analytical business and the AutoChem business. They did also perform better than we originally expected.
Olivier A. Filliol: No. Actually, it's a combination of that. It has been similar to x-ray. You clearly have a hardware component, and then you have a software that analyzes the picture, the videos and analyzes the outcome basically. So in essence, similar to x-ray. It's always a combination. We always say hardware and software.
Olivier A. Filliol: Not particular. Again, I see similarities to the x-ray system. There is also an important material handling part in it. You can imagine these packaging lines are all at high speed, and so you need a special material handling rejects [ph] instruments and topics like that. And so there basically similarities with the core Product Inspection business that we have today.
Olivier A. Filliol: Highlights here. We have new product launches, and particularly this new electronic pipette that we had presented to you at Investor Day got very good receptions in the market and it's actually growing very nicely. So I think there is a combination of things that are going in the right direction here.
Olivier A. Filliol: These are currently focused on sodium, silica will follow. The sodium product is now with selected customer sites in usage. The broad launch has not yet taken place and we will launch -- go step by step. But so far, so good and actually, I think it's really going to be a good product. But don't expect that this is, again, one of these products that would make a big difference next year. This is a gradual development of a new market segment for us, a new parameter that needs to be developed in terms of application knowledge, customer awareness of the product and our salespeople really going after all these opportunities.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. I think at this stage, we would expect lab and industrial to be certainly at lower growth rates in the Western world, okay. And particularly the lab, as you know, percentage-wise compared to the overall MT mix is more weighted to the Western world. If we look at emerging markets, we would expect to continue to be able to deliver double-digit growth, but certainly growth rates less than what we saw in 2011. And as a reminder, emerging markets are highly weighted towards our industrial product categories. Overall, I don't think we would expect to have too big of a dip belt in mix, maybe industrial growing a little bit faster than lab because of the weighting towards emerging markets and because of, also, the mix to food safety with our Product Inspection business.
William P. Donnelly: It's multi-faceted. It's, I think, simple things like in our supplier base, I think there are things that we can do to move away from the Swiss franc. Swiss franc-based suppliers become much less cost-effective compared just going across the border to Germany. And then from a labor cost perspective and some of our other operating expenses, we would expect to also take advantage of cost deltas versus other parts of the world, whether that be other parts of Europe, the United States or low-cost countries. I think to put it in perspective though, the Swiss operation, particularly for the lab business and the Process Analytics business, will continue to be key elements of our key locations for us. And Olivier certainly and the corporate people who are based there will -- that's not changing.
William P. Donnelly: Which is something we've been talking about since this time a year ago that we would expect because of tougher comps and also the efforts that the Chinese government has been making for some time to try to slow down some of the investment levels, tax policy, banking policy, et cetera. So this is something we've been expecting for a while, so that's not a big surprise.
William P. Donnelly: I guess, 1% to 2% is probably a good answer for both of your questions. And just to highlight though, of course, the 1% to 2% on pricing is on a base of $2.25 billion or something, and the raw materials is something in the $450 million to $500 million range.
William P. Donnelly: Isaac, I'm not sure if we caught -- your reception wasn't so good. I'm not sure we caught all the questions.
William P. Donnelly: Hey, in both cases, we did see some deterioration, but our -- now in China, but our analysis I would fully attribute to the Go Live with Blue Ocean. We clearly built up safety stock for China, and we are a little slow in building out-of-the-box in the first part of -- so I would attribute it to that. If I look at the aging, I don't really see an issue in the aging in China, for example.
William P. Donnelly: Okay. If we look at the Swiss franc versus the euro, and I don't have it in front of me, during Q1 a year ago was at $129 million, okay? And that would compare to a number, like, at today's rate, $121.4 million. So that would be the headwind. And just as a reminder, it's typically, for on an annualized basis, it's about $2 million for every 1%. And of course, during the quarter, it's a little bit less than that. It's certainly less than that, but maybe we actually have the impact a little bit more in the first quarter of the year because a lot of it relates to fixed cost structure, and we have less sales in the fourth -- first quarter as you know.
William P. Donnelly: Positive -- hopefully, it will be neutral year-on-year, maybe a little bit negative in the first quarter, part of the second quarter, a little bit positive by the fourth quarter. The big thing is we won't be chewing on that in terms of year-on-year op growth. As we quoted on the conference call script, the impact in terms of operating profit and earnings has been meaningful this year. I think probably on an annualized basis, the pretax impacts about $18 million or so for the full year this year.
William P. Donnelly: Certainly, the guidance would be reflecting of our growth. So it would include benefits from market share gain among other topics. In terms of share gain, as Olivier mentioned earlier, it's in the categories in which that's something we can do consistently. We're not talking about big share gains. So it would be tough for me to dissect, but probably if it's 1%, 2%, that would probably not be a crazy number. And of course, you've got some pricing in the range we're providing as well.
William P. Donnelly: $20 million would be the incremental cost of the project. But frankly, at today's exchange rate that's probably, because most of it's done out of Switzerland, it's probably a higher number, maybe an incremental $25 million. And maybe at this stage of the project, with some of the roll-ins coming out, it might even be $30 million.
William P. Donnelly: Yes. I think maybe even more so, we had kind of told you guys in Q2 that, hey, we would expect those businesses to grow better in Q3. So we did see the growth rate there accelerate. That was expected but probably happened, to Olivier's point, maybe even happened a little bit more than we expected.
William P. Donnelly: Yes, hey, I think -- I do it at the EBITDA line and I get a little lower number than that. And so in addition to foreign exchange, we certainly made some investments. When we're growing at that rate, we're making some investments in terms of marketing topics. And then the Blue Ocean Go Live in China was worth -- I think Mary and I were calculating like 3% or something in terms of incremental margins.
William P. Donnelly: I think that's a multi-faceted part. So maybe providing some context, we will end up this year having about a $18 million headwind in terms of foreign exchange and we had foreign exchange headwind as well in 2010. If we look to next year, there will be some headwind in the first part of the year, but then for the full year, it's certainly digestible. A slight headwind but not too much. Now what we did in recent times to combat that is we've tried to be smart about how we did price increase on our products that are manufactured in Switzerland. And as mentioned on the call, we're continuing to try to look at our operating structures around the globe, look at the ways in which we can be most cost competitive in terms of where we sit certain functions or certain activities around the globe. And we're alert to the fact that the Swiss franc has become more expensive relative to other cost structures around the globe. And we're going to, over the medium term, modify how we do some things. And I think that that's not going to have a sudden impact in terms of 2012, but certainly, we're a company that's always looking about how to improve our cost competitiveness over the medium term.
William P. Donnelly: Yes, definitely because there's a high labor content in an area like service. We would certainly want to capture service technician salary increases in how we come up with pricing. And then you can imagine in an area like spare parts or consumables, it's more strategic than that. And we're very -- we try to be very analytical in terms of how we push spare parts pricing, whether it's proprietary parts or nonproprietary parts, how well we have that customer locked in a whole bunch of factors. But generally speaking, service and consumables is an area where we have good pricing power.
William P. Donnelly: I think the short answer is yes. It's a really important business for us, RAININ. They had their best growth rate of the year in the third quarter, and given the environment with NIH and academic funding and how I've read some of the -- our peer group company that have bigger exposures to that segment, I would say the guys have done a good job. But it's something that we need to continue to focus on in the pricing area in terms of executing marketing and sales strategies, et cetera.
William P. Donnelly: Yes. I think we're going to finish in the $95 million range probably for this year, and probably that's not a bad starting point for next year.
