Shawn Vadala: Vijay, this is Shawn. Yes, I'm happy to do that. So we were very pleased with our execution in the quarter, both on pricing but also in our supply chain. I think you hear us use the word agility a lot, but the the organizational agility and execution just continues to be really fantastic across the global organization. If you look at pricing in the second quarter, our estimated price realization was about 4.5%, which was better than what we were expecting kind of when we kind of came into the quarter. On the material side, I would say material costs remain elevated and they were pretty much as we kind of expected as we came into the quarter, which was a little bit better than Q1 but still remain at an elevated level. Maybe I kind of continue here and I just kind of like transition into the second half of the year, which I'm sure is also in your mind. So as we kind of think about the second half of the year, right now, we're thinking about price realization in the 5% range or so, which would kind of put us at about 4.5% on a full year basis, which is a little bit higher than our guidance. Last time we spoke for the full year of about 4%. And then if you kind of like want to translate that into margins, we're looking at about a 60 basis point improvement in our gross margin for Q3 and about 50 basis points for the full year. And then if you kind of drop it down to operating margins, our operating margin in Q3 right now were estimated on a currency-neutral basis, about 130 basis points. And actually, if you exclude currency -- I mean, if you include currency, the reported number is probably more than the 170 basis point on a reported basis. And then our full year operating margin assumption right now, excluding currency on a currency-neutral basis, is about 140 basis points and on a reported basis, that would be more in a 160 basis point kind of a range.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Okay, Vijay, maybe I'll take that one. So if you look at our Lab business today, it's about 56% of our business. If you go back to 2009, it would have been about 45% of our business. And then if you look at our Core Industrial business back in '09, it would have been, I think, just over 30%, and right now, it's about 25%. But what's even more interesting to me is the mix within Industrial and our overall end market exposure. So right now, we would estimate that more than 60% of our Core Industrial business, which historically is more susceptible to the economy, more than 60% of that business today is sold into pharma, biopharma, chemical and food manufacturing. So I think we continue to do a good job of redirecting business towards more attractive end market segments.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. I don't think I'd add very much. I mean, I know there was a lot of concern about China lockdowns as we kind of entered the quarter, but from our perspective, we really had minimal impact during the quarter. I think our team did a wonderful job navigating that. We were one of the first companies to reopen in Shanghai, and we're able to really keep a lot of our product flows going throughout the quarter. And of course, I think many of you know that most of our production is actually outside of Shanghai as well. And then these themes that Patrick talks about too, I mean, they're automation, digitalization. Those are themes that are very prevalent in China that our team has been leaning into with our portfolio. And all these hot segments that we talk about, about lithium battery and semiconductor are also very prevalent also in China as well. And then, of course, the government's 5-year plan, they're leaning into that locally in terms of how they are stimulating their economy, which I think we're a beneficiary of as well.
Shawn Vadala: No. What was -- I mean, what was nice to see is just the breadth of growth throughout the product portfolio. I mean, we grew strong double digit, both on the Laboratory side of the business as well as on the Industrial side of the business. And maybe the one soft spot that we did see is in our food retailing business. I mean, food retail is it's less than 5% of our total Chinese business, but that market has been very hard hit by the lockdowns and the nature of the lockdowns, a lot of store closures going on inside the country. But absent that, there was just a lot of strength throughout the rest of the portfolio.
Shawn Vadala: Sure. I'll give you Q3 and then I'll give you the full year result as well, Patrick. So let me start with the divisions. So our guidance for the Lab division is high single-digit growth for Q3 and low double-digit growth for the full year. For product inspection, our guidance is mid- to high single digit for Q3 and mid- to high single digit for the full year. Core Industrial, our guidance is high single digit for Q3 and high single digit for the full year. And then for food retailing, our guidance is low to mid-single digit for Q3 and flattish for the full year. And then on a geographic basis, our guidance for Europe is low to mid-single digit for Q3 and low to mid-single digit for the full year. And I think it's important in Europe to remember that we're going to have a headwind in Russia in the second half of the year. And just given the seasonality of last year's sales, that headwind might be a little bit more in the second half of the year than the first half. It could be in the 4% range or so in terms of Russia headwind. In terms of Americas, we have -- our guidance is high single digit for Q3 and low double digit for the full year. And then for China, our guidance is approximately 10% for Q3 and low double digit for the full year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, that's a good way to ask the question, Dan. I mean -- hey, I think the whenever we do pricing, we try to tailor our approach to the business conditions and the circumstances, and we always talk about how we like to differentiate by product and geography. And if you just look at kind of the cards we're dealt from a pricing perspective at the moment, it really lends itself to higher pricing in most categories. And so what we try to do is we look at the cost pressures in this environment by category -- product category and geography. And then what we can do is we build it up and then we educate the organization about it. And I think that's really important is that with our direct sales force, they can really articulate that to the customer. And then they can also emphasize our value propositions. And as like Patrick was saying in the previous Q&A that our value proposition, in many regards, is higher in this environment because people are seeking productivity much more than they were and they're looking for solutions. And so that plays very well to our overall portfolio and our ability to position the price increases. So I think the market very much understands that. And then if you look at the execution of the organization, it certainly helps when we're able to support customers, too. And so what do I mean by that? Just in our supply chain. I mean, we -- I think every company has some level of challenge at the moment. But if you compare us relative to competition, I think we look pretty good in terms of our ability to support customers with lead times and things like that, and that also certainly increases the customers' willingness to pay. So it's actually the execution has been really good, and I just think the environment, obviously, lends itself to better price realization, which we saw in Q3. And with my previous comments, we expect it to even be a little bit better in the second half of the year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. On the pricing side, I mean, we'll always benefit from improved analytics, but we'll also -- to me, the business processes are a big part of it, too. Like when you think about price administration, we have a lot of tools around that and global centralized processes. And then there's also a lot of embedded pricing controls in terms of how we can manage discounting and things like that. So there's always some benefit when we go live. I mean, our largest market organization that we have left is in France, which we're expecting to go live next year. And like Patrick said, there's a handful of smaller organizations and primarily in Europe and the Rest of World. And then maybe just before I hand it back to Patrick, a general comment that we always see with Blue Ocean is just the overall visibility into the business. We very, very much have benefited over the last couple of years by having more transparency end-to-end in our business from Blue Ocean. And for those of you who are less familiar with Blue Ocean, I mean, it's about global harmonized processes, but we enable that with 1 single instance of an ERP and fully integrated CRM service, HR program. So then with 1 single instance, we really have a lot of very interesting transparency, which we've very much benefited from over the last couple of years.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. No, good question, Derik. So -- and thanks for -- I know it's early for you today so we apologize for the early morning. In terms of interest rates, we're about 75% fixed at the moment and we don't have any significant maturities in the short term, like this year or next year. I mean, with a couple of smaller things. And then when you look at like our variable exposure, actually, a lot of that is also in euro, which probably prices out about 1% or so. So I think we're positioned pretty well here. And if you kind of like look at what we've done over the last few years, just even at the end of last year, we've been locking in a lot of 15-year debt over the last few years. So for example, in December of last year, we priced 15-year debt that funded in 2 tranches. We just funded $150 million of 2.8% for 15 years in March, and then we're going to fund another $150 million tranche in September at 2.9%. And so we feel like, for the short and medium term, we're pretty well positioned. And then to be specific on interest expense, our guidance or estimate for this year is $53 million.
Shawn Vadala: No. I mean, I think it's just the opposite. I think it's very much kind of like how I was answering the question, like I think people just really appreciate the value in this environment and they appreciate the ability to support them. And of course, we're doing -- we're trying to do things in a balanced way in terms of like increasing prices where it's appropriate and there's very much a cost story, inflation story associated with it. And so I think between our approach and then the overall value proposition that we're providing, we're just really not hearing any noise.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. I mean -- and just to clarify on the PI, I wouldn't say it's a pricing topic. It's more of a -- and as Patrick said earlier, it's very much a European topic for product inspection. There has been some more conservatism where we -- projects -- we get the sense that maybe some projects are going to get delayed in packaged foods in Europe.
Shawn Vadala: Rachel, this is Shawn. I'll take it, and Patrick wants to jump in. So when we look at our business, other than this 1 topic that we talked about with packaged food in Europe, we're not seeing any indicators that people are -- have any cautiousness or any indicators that there's any concern about delaying replacement cycles. As we kind of enter into this next phase of the economy, one thing that we try to remind people about and we've talked about it in the past is that we typically need the economy to be good enough. We need it to be good enough that people will stick to replacement cycles. And we've seen in the past, PMIs go into the mid- to high 40s, like in Europe, but we still had growth, and it was because people were sticking with replacement cycles. At the same time, we've seen PMIs in the mid- to high 50s in Europe, and we didn't have double-digit growth. And so in a geography like Europe, which is arguably the most exposed at the moment, that is very much on our mind is that well the European business just kind of stick to replacement cycles here. And we just need the economy to be good enough. And then part of that is that we are selling -- our average selling price of our products are less than $10,000. And so we're not the first instrument that's going to get cut in a budget. And I'd say, I think we estimate that something like more than 70% of our products are actually below that level. And so -- and they're personal instruments and we sell them with the direct sales for us. We can articulate the value proposition, all that kind of stuff. So I feel like that's a favorable situation for us. And then the other thing is these comments on mix that we made a lot in the prepared remarks and talked about a little bit earlier. I just think that we should be more resilient going into this next phase of the economy compared to where we were in the past.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Clearly, and of course, let me add also to that. We are seeing strong momentum in both businesses at the moment. We're seeing very healthy demand driven by operational efficiency and automation needs. And they go across both the Lab market as well as the Industrial end markets. So I think both markets are benefiting very well from the  of the right products to serve our customers. We are really happy with  for both of the segments. Our Lab business, of course, is much bigger as you know. And we have also launched a lot of exciting products this year and continue to have a lot of good products in the pipeline for both units. So this is why we're also so optimistic on the outlook for Q3 and Q4.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Thanks, Catherine. I'll take the question first and then let Shawn chime in as well. So yes, we are exactly -- we are very pleased with the 14% growth in the quarter. And as a reminder, we grew 35% in the second quarter of last year, so really exceptionally strong growth. We saw the growth across our Lab business in China with almost 20% sales growth, which is remarkable also given about 40% sales growth we delivered in the second quarter of last year. And all of our Lab product lines really showed very strong growth. We had strong growth also in our Core Industrial. Shield team has done a particularly good job of increasing our business mix to more attractive segments, as also Shawn mentioned before. We have seen particularly strong demand for solutions in automation driving this efficiency that we talked about. So we are very confident on China if the underlying market conditions don't change. And in China, they can change quickly for lockdowns. But so far, we are really optimistic. As I said, we are expecting strong growth in the second half as well.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Let me first capture the product inspection piece. And yes, it's mainly in Europe where we see some -- a little bit more conservatism. Customers are just a little bit careful with their investments in packaged food. We don't see that in the U.S. The U.S. is actually still very, very strong for us in product inspection. We have a very good pipeline there. But Europe has become a bit more cautious and that, of course, has also to do with the overall environment -- economic environment in Europe that some customers get more conservative. On the rest of Europe and the other businesses, I mean, we are really pleased with our growth that we have seen in the second quarter. As you know, we have had expected to come in low single digit. It came in better, and this is also against 20% growth in the quarter of last year. We don't see any concerns for our European sales team or any other parts of the businesses right now in Europe. So no, I would say no signs of a real downturn at this time. But we fully acknowledge that we need to be very agile as market conditions, of course, can change and change quickly, given the situation with the energy supply, which we carefully monitor and have also put the right mitigation plans in place.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Good. Absolutely. Let me start with that. So first and foremost, I think we still have ample of opportunity to also grow our service business, which is very, very strong. We have a huge installed base of instruments. And I would say a big part of the installed base is currently not under contract but it's calling more on what we would call break and fixed services. So we have opportunities every time we go there with customers to talk about the value of contracts and being under contract, which means they have faster access to services. They have a fast response time. They have a broader service portfolio if they are on a contract and then also drives some of the growth rate we have proved from our services. We have a strong focus, of course, also at services at point of sales, making sure we get right for we sell the instrument also better connect rate. The team has a very strong focus on that. And overall, we are increasing our portfolio of services to our customers, adding more high-value services continuously. So I'm very confident that the share of the service revenues continue to increase. I mean, we have to also see that, of course, for the last 2 years, we had very strong instrument growth. And the service usually trails that a little bit, but having 11% growth, again, this forward double-digit growth in Services and Consumer is a really strong reminder that we're making good progress on broadening our service footprint. If you were to look at it from a regional perspective, the U.S. history has been very strong as well as Europe. In China, we still have even more potential to grow services. Traditionally, the Chinese market has been not leaning that much into service. They are more self-maintainers and they're also seeing it as a part of the overall sales package being included with the instrument, that it takes time to change that mentality, and we are working on that. From that perspective, I'm optimistic and I'm putting a lot of focus also in my internal business meetings with every business I have, how we can increase the share of services and, of course, other consumables. The products we have, for example, our pet business, very strong in consumables. In other areas, for example, in the Lab business, the titrators, automation solutions, they all come with a very healthy and increasing share of consumers moving forward. So I'm optimistic that in the long term, we will move that 1/3 of the business piece further for service and consumables.
Patrick Kaltenbach: That's an excellent question. I think your second part of the question is actually leaning in the right direction. What we are hearing is that customers are, for several reasons, really interested in driving more automation in their businesses. It's driving their productivity. It's -- with that, of course, driving their profit. And they are very willing to invest and making sure that they continue to drive productivity also. Getting manual labor out of the play as much as possible when you look at large automation in factories where we play big  in the Industrial business or even in the Lab. It's all about making sure that you can automate processes to make them more robust, more reliable and also, in the end, cheaper for them. This is why our customers are responding very well to automation right now. It's not the "automation" alone. It's that this productivity gain and although that long-term performance gains that they get from automation solutions.
Patrick Kaltenbach: In China itself, look, we didn't have a really significant slowdown during the quarter. I mean, the quarter held up quite strongly for us. The team was reaching out to customers even in, let's say, some of the sales folks who have been in provinces or areas where they're also locked down, they continue to call customers from home. We also referred in our -- earlier in some of the other calls about our digital tools and how we can engage with customers. They leverage this fully in China as well. So on the order momentum, I would say we haven't seen a real dip throughout the quarter. And on the manufacturing side, we recovered very, very quickly. And there was no difference in terms of instruments versus consumables at all. I don't know, Shawn, if you have a different perspective, but I haven't heard anything else in China.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. I'll get this first and then I'll let Shawn chime in as well. Look, we are definitely around 85% of the rollout so far. And there are still a number of countries left to bring on to Blue Ocean or they are running on their current own ERP systems. Look, I mean, it will continue to help us drive productivity within the company. We can use -- shared a common template for many of the process that we use across the company. So a lot of it is also an internal gain in terms of efficiency and helping us to drive cost down and just use efficiency across the company. On the pricing side, I don't -- there is some impact, but I'll let Shawn take that.
Patrick Kaltenbach: And maybe a little bit as we said, in product inspection  customers become a bit more cautious with investments. Otherwise, not really, no.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. That's a good question, but we don't hear a lot of the customers have stockpiled electrodes or pipette tips. I mean, we had, I would say, more at the beginning of the year, we, of course, during the pandemic, customers try to buy as many pipette tips as possible, and they filled up their stock levels, but is coming back to, I would say, more normal levels now. And you also have to realize that a lot of the pipette tip sales that we make a day are not going into testing in going into bio research, biopharma applications. And these labs usually do not have the same tendency as we have seen, or you probably have heard from other suppliers that supply, the broader testing industry that have tried to just get as many in their stocks as possibly even last year, we have not been that much exposed.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Well, thanks, Josh. Very good question. But look, I mean, the Q2 results have been a bit softer than we had expected. It's not like off by a huge factor. Margins is not a little bit softer. I think we had projected high single digits. We came in a bit more to mid-single digits, so it's not off by far. A lot of that was actually triggered by 2 factors. We have seen -- on the customer side, we have seen some project pushouts not necessarily because they didn't have the money, but because usually, we also supply into a larger infrastructure. And then some of the upper suppliers were not ready to make the full installations of our final product inspection piece of the whole flow line, so to speak, but they were just not ready to take it this quarter. So there has been some pushouts. What we also suffered from in terms of not being able to deliver everything we could was, on the supply chain side, some of the electronic components just didn't come in time, so that led actually to delay in this quarter. As we said, we are quite optimistic for Q3. The team sees a good pharma especially in the United States. We have to continue to monitor the situation in Europe. But otherwise, I think we are okay with the guidance.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Look, I mean, again, for COVID testing in China wasn't a big storm at all, but we see broad-based growth across our product portfolio. There is very strong demand from pharma and biopharma, especially biopharma. The Chemical segment, again, is showing very strong demand for automation solutions so we are very happy with that. Should we add also in our remarks, we have mentioned what we call hot segments like the battery segment, plant-based food, et cetera, where we have targeted our sales force very quickly to these accounts with the right application solutions. They show across the board, I mean, across the regions very strong growth. And I think if you factor all of that together with what we also mentioned being about this continuous need for automation solution, that just drove a lot of demand across our portfolio.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. I'll take that. So look, on supply chain challenges, I would say they have somewhat stabilized but we continue to see challenges in certain items. It's still mainly semiconductors. It seems to get a little bit of that. I would not give green light on everything to be honest here. What we have seen on transportation and logistics have improved quite a bit. We also see, for example, the port in Shanghai, less congested as it used to be, so that helps, of course, but an overall supply of material. Again, we see some of our businesses have seen slight improvement in semiconductor available. But we have still some others who have not. I mentioned the product aspect, for example, where we had some issues getting right components in time. And we still have constantly calls with the suppliers, making sure that we get enough of the electronic components. I can't tell you really whether it's -- this is a trend already, these line improvements. We are hoping all for it and we stay very agile and in very, very close conversation with our suppliers to make sure that we have enough safety stock holds in the areas that we see very critical.
