Shawn Vadala: Thanks, Patrick, and good morning everyone. Sales in the quarter were $928.7 million, which represented a local currency increase of 7%. On a US dollar basis, sales increased 3% as currency reduced sales growth by 4%. We estimate that the impact of not shipping to Russia was a headwind of almost 1% to sales growth. On slide number four, we show sales growth by region. We had broad-based sales growth in Q1 as local currency sales increased 6% in both the Americas and in Europe and 10% in Asia/Rest of the World. Excluding Russia, our sales growth in Europe grew 9%. Local currency sales increased 9% in China in the quarter. On slide number five, we summarize local currency sales growth by product area. For the quarter, lab sales increased 5%, industrial increased 7%, with core industrial and product inspection, both up 7%. Food Retail grew 36% in the quarter, as we benefited from significant project activity in prior year comparisons. Let me now move to the rest of the P&L, which is summarized on slide number six. Gross margin was 58.9%, an increase of a 100 basis points, as pricing was partially offset by higher cost, business mix and currency. R&D amounted to $45.5 million in the quarter, which is a 9% increase in local currency over the prior year, reflecting increased project activity. SG&A amounted to $234.6 million, a 2% increase in local currency over the prior year. Adjusted operating profit amounted to $266.5 million in the quarter, a 10% increase. Currency reduced operating profit growth by approximately 7%. Adjusted operating margin was 28.7% which represents an increase of 180 basis points over the prior year. A couple of final comments on the P&L. Amortization amounted to $17.8 million in the quarter, interest expense was $18.2 million and other income amounted to $0.4 million. Our effective tax rate was 18.5% in the quarter. This rate is before discrete items and adjusting for the timing of stock option exercises in the quarter and we expect to maintain this rate for the full year. Fully diluted shares amounted to $22.3 million which is approximately a 3.5% decline from the prior year. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $8.69, a 10% increase over the prior year or an 18% increase excluding unfavorable currency. On a reported basis in the quarter, EPS was $8.47 as compared to $7.55 in the prior year. Reported EPS in the quarter includes $0.23 of purchased intangible amortization and $0.16 of restructuring costs. We also had a $0.17 headwind due to the difference between our quarterly and annual tax rate due to the timing of stock option exercises that normalizes in the fourth quarter of every year. That covers the P&L and let me now comment on cash flow. In the quarter, adjusted free cash flow amounted to $135.3 million, up $60 million helped by better inventory and accounts receivable trends as well as lower incentive payments. DSO was 38 days while ITO was 3.6x. Let me now turn to guidance. To start off forecasting remains challenging and market conditions remain dynamic. As previously mentioned, there is uncertainty in the economy and our end markets. We're basing our guidance for the second quarter and the full year assuming market conditions remain as they are today. For the second quarter, we expect approximately 3% local currency sales growth. This level of growth reflects the challenging multiyear sales growth comparisons we faced in the second quarter as well as a growth headwind of approximately 2% from reduced sales in our pipette business. We expect second quarter adjusted EPS to be in the range of $9.90 to $10 representing a growth rate of 5% to 7% or 10% to 11% excluding unfavorable foreign currency. For the full year 2023, we have left our local currency sales growth guidance of approximately 5% unchanged. We expect full year adjusted EPS to be in the range of $43.65 to $43.95 representing a growth rate of approximate -- of about 10% to 11% or approximately 12% to 13% excluding unfavorable foreign currency. This compares to our previous guidance of adjusted EPS in the range of $43.55 to $43.95. Total amortization including purchased intangible amortization is forecast to be $72 million. Purchased intangible amortization is excluded from adjusted EPS and is estimated at $26 million on a pre-tax basis or $0.92 per share. Now let's turn to cash flow. For 2023 we continue to expect free cash flow in the range of $900 million and we still expect to repurchase approximately $1 billion of our shares this year. That's it from my side and I'll now turn it back to Patrick.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, sure. Thanks Josh. So I think as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, destocking is a factor in Q2. So if you look at our 3% -- the decline that we expect in pipette specifically in the second quarter reduces our growth by about 2%. So excluding that headwind, our growth would be 5% and I think another important thing to comment on for the second quarter is that I think it's important to look at the multiyear comparison. So if we look back the last couple of years, our three-year CAGR with the 3% is about 13% growth. So that's a CAGR of 13% and that's actually very similar to what we did in Q1 of this year with the 7% growth. So again to put that in perspective that we grew on top of 10% last year, but that 10% growth was on top of 27% in the prior year. So that very much is weighing on us as we think about the business. And then maybe to just, kind of, like walk through our typical guidance by business area and region. I can go through that quickly. So when we look at the lab business, we're looking at low single-digit growth in the second quarter. Keep in mind, of course, lab is dealing with this headwind in the pipette business. So that headwind for Q2 is probably estimated in the 4% a range for the lab business, so it would be high single digit excluding that. And then for the full year, we're now looking at mid-single digit for the lab business and that's down a little bit from what we were thinking before because this headwind was a little bit more than expected when you look at the first quarter results of 7% that includes about a 2.5% headwind from the decline in the pipette business. Product inspection, we're looking at low single digit in the second quarter and then low to mid-single-digit for the full year. One of the things we're seeing in PI is we actually had a very good start to the year in PI in the Americas, but we are seeing maybe some more challenges and caution in investment activity in packaged foods. And as you can appreciate there's, a lot of headlines in that regard for that industry. For core industrial, low-single digit for the second quarter and then mid-single digit for the full year, that's on a full year basis a little bit better than what we were expecting. We're just very -- continue to be very impressed with the resilience of that business and how well we've been executing there. And then, food retailing, we're looking at mid-single digit for Q2 and then high-single digit for the full year obviously got off to a better-than-expected start with very strong project activity. And then, for the regions, we're looking at low-single digit for the Americas in Q2 and then low-to-mid-single digit for the full year. That business is a little bit more disproportionately hit with this headwind in the decline in pipette. Europe, we're looking at low-single-digit for Q2 and then low-to-mid-single-digit for the full year a little bit better than what we were looking for the full year last time we spoke given the very strong start to the year in Q1. And then, for China, we're looking at mid-single digit for Q2 and high-single digit for the full year which is consistent with what we were looking at the last time we spoke.
Shawn Vadala: Thanks Jack. So, pricing came in pretty much as we expected in the 6% kind of a range. We expected to get off to a good start this year given all the different actions that we took last year when we were kind of mitigating inflation. And as we look to the full year we're still expecting about 4% growth for the full year. And as we look to Q2 specifically we're looking at 4% growth. And so the reason why Q2 would be lower than Q1 is because of the timing of some of the actions we put in place last year.
Shawn Vadala: Well, I think what stands out this year Dan is we're just coming off of an unprecedented period of growth. I mean like the CAGRs that I mentioned before 13% CAGR for the last three years is much higher than our -- how we envision ourselves for the longer term in terms of our algorithm. So, we've always expected to see some level of moderation at some point during this year. It's hard to compare it to maybe a historical precedent but of course in 2020 we had a slower start to the year when it came to volumes during COVID and then that kind of like reversed in the second half of the year. So, I think we'll see how it plays out, but I think we have the comparisons we've been kind of in a weak macro environment for quite some time now with PMIs below 50. It's hard to -- while we're -- while we've been resilient and executing very well specific particularly in our core industrial business which has been historically more susceptible to the economy we're also not resilient, right? And so as headlines continue to come out in our end markets in particular with some of the challenges that our end markets are facing whether it be food manufacturing companies or chemical companies or other industries like biopharma, we do have a little bit of that on our mind as well.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, I think our overall exposure to small biotech is relatively small. Of course that affects a little bit of our rein in pipette business but it's is generally a very small part of that business. So, nothing in particular that I would call out.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure. So, I think one of the things to kind of keep in mind is that, if we're looking at our gross margin, we grew about 130 basis points, excluding currency. Actually, I think it was 140 basis points excluding currency in the quarter. So that wasn't that much different on a currency-neutral basis to what we were guiding. So currency clearly had an impact. We also had a little bit of unfavorable mix in the quarter between the different businesses. Of course, pipette is a more profitable business and retail is kind of on the other side of that. As we kind of like look towards the rest of the year, we're looking at our guidance for gross margin would be about 60 basis point improvement in the second quarter, and if you exclude currency on a currency-neutral basis that would be about 100% improvement. And then for the full year, we're looking at a 70 basis point improvement and again on a currency-neutral basis, that's about 110 basis point improvement, which is just down slightly like about 10 basis points from the last time that we spoke. And then, on operating margins, we're looking at -- we got off to a very strong start to the year as we kind of expected. We're looking at about a 90 basis point improvement in the second quarter. And again, on a currency-neutral basis that would be about a 180 basis point improvement, so again, another very good number to start the year. And then for the full year, we're still looking at about 130 basis point improvement, which is similar to last time but what's a little bit different is that we on a currency-neutral basis were up about 200 basis points. So that's gotten a lot better.
Shawn Vadala: Yes, sure. Hey, I think, as we kind of like look at Q2, so we had low single-digit growth for lab as a division. And I think we're kind of like looking in that low single-digit range for the Americas and Europe. Again, Europe -- I mean, Americas is going to be the most impacted region by this decline in pipette. So we'll probably see the softer growth in that region versus the other ones. And then, China will probably be in the kind of mid to high-single digit kind of a range there. And I think a lot of the lab business too, it's also important that we -- if you look at like the first quarter as an example, we had actually double-digit growth in most of the other product categories. And we are still seeing good growth in a lot of these hot segments. It's just these multi-year comps and then this topic that we talked about with the headwind in pipette as we kind of enter the rest of the year.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. No, great question. I mean, service is kind of really good story. We featured it on our last call. We grew last year at 12% and we got off to a really good start this year with 15% growth. We continue to see great opportunity here when you kind of look at the overall installed base that we serve. And when you kind of put dollars to that in terms of what it could mean to our service business, it's a very significant opportunity. We have a very strong value proposition here with helping companies with uptime and compliance and accuracy of their results and reducing waste. And that -- those value propositions really are resonating very well in the marketplace. And we can also do a lot of very value-added activities like validating and certifying processes. And as we kind of go after these opportunities with our big data analytics program and how we penetrate that iBase [ph] or whether we have gotten better at selling service at the point of sale by embedding these into our quotation process. We've seen very good traction in terms of the ability to capture this opportunity. And then maybe one other final comment on services like our Net Promoter Scores have continue to be at like all-time highs and they were already high before. And so it just shows you how well our team executes around the world. And as we kind of look towards the rest of the year we continue to be positive here. I wouldn't be surprised if we're in the 10% range again for Q2. And then for the full year we'll see how it plays out.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Just a second. So -- okay. So FX on Q2 is just under 1%. And then for the full year so that would be a detriment. And then for the full year, it's about neutral maybe up modestly. I think Derik just to make sure you got this one the bigger one from my perspective is the FX impact on EPS. And so that's a 4% headwind we mentioned I think in the press release for Q2 and it's about a 2% headwind to EPS for the full year. In our previous guidance it was like that's like a 1.5% worse than prior guidance.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So in terms of the -- yes, in terms of the split our core industrial business is about 60% of our industrial exposure and PI is about 40%. It might be a little bit more than 60% and a little bit less than 40%. I don't know the exact math, but it's probably in that kind of a range. And then as we kind of think about the margin differentials. Our Lab business does have higher margins than the rest of the business. And then within that of course pipettes is a higher-margin business.
Shawn Vadala: Not seeing any cancellations. Q1 was actually quite good. Of course hard to talk about if there hesitant or not I think we'll see all those types of things play out but in terms of cancellations not seeing anything like that.
Shawn Vadala: Process Analytics actually had a very good quarter. I think they were up double-digit in Q1. And if you kind of like get into the – if you're trying to like look for insight on bioprocessing there, because a lot of that business is bioprocessing. A lot of the business is holding up actually quite well. Of course, there are some vaccine production comps that we have to deal with in that business. But the one area where we have seen weakness is in single-use sensors and – but that of course is a much smaller part of our business and portfolio.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. So good question. So our – let me just make sure I get the right number here. So our consumable business was down about 12% and that was almost entirely due to the decline that we saw in pipette. I think we had growth in all of our other consumable categories.
Shawn Vadala: Yes. Thanks, Matt. So hey, I mean of course, we're very pleased with the growth we've been seeing in service. And as I mentioned before, we see that as a really good opportunity. If we kind of look at how we started the year, it's like a 10%, three-year CAGR. And – but we were kind of exited last year with maybe a 7% CAGR in Q4. So I don't have the full year number in front of me. But I certainly wouldn't want to characterize this as a double-digit business going forward although we're pleased with it and we're going to challenge the organization to do well this year. But I think kind of going forward, I would just characterize it as above corporate average and -- which would imply high single digit. And it certainly will have -- should have benefits and upside to our overall algorithm over time. But nothing that, I would highlight differently than how we've thought about historically other than we're just executing very well at the moment.
Shawn Vadala: Think it's different. And maybe I'll start and let Patrick jump in. But like a lot of our automation we're selling the system integrators. And so there's a whole business model that has to do with not only quality and all that kind of stuff but how easy are you to integrate into their solutions and so that's an area where we have a lot of competitive advantage as well.
Shawn Vadala: Okay. Good. Brandon, I'll take the first part of that question then. So for Q1, we actually had a really good start to the year in our Lab business. We were up mid-teens. We saw a lot of growth throughout the portfolio with the exception of they also have a pipette headwind, but it's a smaller part of their business. In the Lab business in China, we -- like a lot of our other businesses we also have been benefiting from a lot of these hot segments that we were just talking about like lithium-ion batteries, is a good example, in which really felt a very strong growth in our analytical instrument business. And then on our industrial side, we grew low single digit in the quarter and I think that's important to put that in context, with the comparison. So that's on top of about 24% growth in Q1 of last year, but on top of 63% growth in the year before that. So China is lapping some very, very challenging comparisons in the first half of the year for their industrial business. And as we kind of like look towards Q2 and the rest of the year we're kind of looking at low single-digit again in Industrial for Q2 given challenging comps also in the second quarter, but we're expecting better results in the second half as the comparisons improve. So probably still thinking of that business is low to mid for the full year which is kind of similar to how we were thinking before. And then Lab might have some moderation also because of some comp topics on a multiyear basis in Q2. Maybe it's more in the mid or mid to high single-digit kind of a growth range, but still optimistic for the full year, especially, given the strong start in Q1. So still thinking that double-digit for the full year on the Lab side. I think a topic there like a lot of other regions, but especially in China it's going to be how to -- with all the investment that they've had in COVID what is that looking like for the rest of the year. And given the fact that they just went through the reopening we'll kind of see how that plays out.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure. Good morning Josh. Look, at the cadence in China, as you have seen we started off strong in Q1 with 9% growth in China, so very solid results. And that of course was a quarter where as you know we had the COVID rate at the beginning of the quarter and yet our organization really executed extremely well and delivered strong results. As Shawn mentioned, the plan of schedule right now for Q2 mid-single-digit growth for China and that is of course also based on the fact that we have very strong compares, for Q2 and then for the full year, we have China still at high single-digit growth. So that's kind of the outline in terms of growth. Now, what we are seeing there, again, we have seen very strong growth for the Lab business. Specifically for analytical instruments, the analytical business is performing really well for us and also benefits from the hot segments. Shawn made a commented on the industrial business the growth has moderated against really difficult comparisons. Again, a reminder, we grew almost 60% in industry in Q1 2021 and over 20% in Q1 2022. So those compares of course will also account for Q2 moving forward. When we break it down say where does the growth come from we still see a lot of interest in solid growth opportunities in the hot segments like, the battery manufacturing for example, it's really impressive how China is putting emphasis behind building out the industry beyond car. And I mentioned also the power grid and how they start producing large modules that it will place long power grids, next two solar power plants at to take up excess energy and keep it back at night et cetera. So I think there will be continued investment. And that goes along with the overall investment that we see in automation solutions across Lab industry. China continues to look for productivity gains. They are facing an aging workforce and the fact that they will not have enough workforces moving forward. So they're proactively really looking for automation and productivity solutions where our portfolio plays really well, that's where again our overall confidence in the China business comes from. We are extremely well positioned with the team we have. And we are confident that the long-term trends that the government wants to follow-up on them and drive growth and invest in a longer five-year China growth plan whether it's the health care, whether it's stronger research and development in China all plays very well into our portfolio.
Patrick Kaltenbach: I can take it. Look I mean the destocking effects not only the testing, COVID testing related markets to be honest. I mean when there was this huge demand in the market last year you should also appreciate that also the pharma biopharma customers and others really loaded up inventory because there was a shortage in the market and I think the whole industry when I talk to whole industry I say everybody who's using pipette actually is suffering from the fact now that they still have quite some inventory that they're working down. We do expect as we said this to be reduced in the second half. So, we will get more back to normal volumes in the second half but it will definitely be still a topic for Q2.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Look, I think the true it's part of -- it's both, right? We, of course, look at historical data, the growth rates and the volumes we have come from. But we also, of course, are in conversations with customers and we have clear signals that Q2 will be another destocking quarter and then they should get back more to normal inventory levels, put it that way. And the overall volumes that we expect, again, will then get back to if you would normalize the growth rate over the last three, four years we would get back to that volume that we would expect for Q3 and Q4. It's a mix of calculation saying, okay, what was the underlying market growth and what is our anticipated market share gains that we have. We have a very strong pipette and pipette portfolio but even unique also to uranium business that has very strong market share, especially in the US. And if you take all these factors into account then we basically look at a picture we say, yes, we will see more headwind again in Q2 but then in Q3 in Q4 getting back to normal growth rates again.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Sure. Very good question, Vijay. So, if you look at the macro economy and the end markets, a couple of things I want to highlight to you. First, as you probably watch also the PMIs continue to really be very soft. And that's historically has been an indicator for us that the industry business might slow down. We are not yet fully hinting at fortunately, because we have a strong portfolio, but it's a concern for us that the PMIs stayed pretty low. We have seen also more, I would say, negative headlines, for example, in the packaged food market. We said in Q1 that Europe is already a problem. Now, we're hearing also in the US that some of the customers actually are slowing down their investments and also their results are not as good as they used to be. Those headlines are also not too promising. And then, the overall comment that already was made about biotech, why they're not broadly exposed in biotech, but as there's still, in terms of end market, who commented out there. There is concerns about biotech. And we, of course, factored it in our total macroeconomic pictures as well. When you look at the regions, I think, Shawn outlined it before, Europe in the first quarter performed better than expected from our prospect. It was really strong, but we're still cautious about the impact of the war in Ukraine and what it might mean for the economy moving forward. So, also there we -- again, we keep our forecast for you still quite moderate. And then, the US with potential recession ahead, I think, it's also you need to be a bit cautious about the outlook in the US overall.
Patrick Kaltenbach: I think if I mainly refer here to number one, the compares will of course be easier for us all in the second half in terms of growth rate. We certainly had very strong growth last year in the second quarter. That's why we see a stronger decline this year. And then, in terms of customers we talk to, a lot of them are, in pharma, biopharma research areas, their use of pipettes quite intensely. And from them actually -- from some of the customers that we can really get good indications that overstocking issues will be less of an issue in the second half.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, I'll take that Catherine. Good morning. Look, again an industry comes down to our portfolio and solutions to help customers automate processes. And we see still a very healthy investment and interest in our product portfolio and I think we compete extremely well. Especially, also with the new products that we released last year with the Industry 360, I think we talked about it at the Investor Day, a very successful product and also the overall OEM business for us is doing really well. We see strong demand. I think again around the world, there's still a lot of interest in building out automated solutions. And we play a significant part as a supplier in this segment. So that gives us quite some confidence moving forward that industry will besides a very negative PMI trend will not be affected as badly as the PMI looks but again, we are pointing to low single-digit growth in Q2 because it's also tough compares. Don't forget we are really looking at super tough compares on a three-year basis here for industry. We have massive growth in China over the last three years in the industry. We had very good investments in Europe in the US. And of course, this compares to put additional positive growth in it means quite something.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes. Actually I forward you to Shawn on this question because he has the growth numbers in front of him.
Patrick Kaltenbach: I agree, I mean, it's about how easy our sensors and our terminals plug in and both into the system but also the overall software environment that the end user has and I think we have a very strong portfolio there and very up-to-date portfolio that resonates very well with the system integrators.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. I can start with that, yes. And when you look at pharma and biopharma the first thing you should appreciate is our diverse exposure given the broad portfolio there so we serve customers in R&D with broad-based analytics portfolio was also with pipette. But when you go downstream with solutions to scale up manufacturing other Autocam business is pretty strong in pharma as well. And then the whole pro business bio-processing that we have plastic industry portfolio when it comes to downstream in industry. So I think we have a really broad-based exposure. What we are seeing I think is continued investment -- long-term investment anyway into pharma biopharma. Yes, there was a slowdown in of course [indiscernible] manufacturing and we see -- we saw some of that exposure in biopharma and I think Shawn related referred to this as well. But for example with PendoTECH we saw for single-use sensors with acupressure that are used in biopharma process we saw a slowdown there. But we see still really healthy demand on the R&D side healthy investment and also on the QA/QC side there's a huge installed base of instruments out there that we also serve. And there's a continuous replacement business that we also addressed on our portfolio that addresses pharma on a broader scale. Regionally, I would say, we see no big slowdown at the moment of pharma biopharma in the US in sales in Q1, but in China it looks similar. We had actually quite good sales in Q1 into the segment. Now, what it means moving forward, whether there will be a change in biopharma, which could be one of the segments in China that you could look at that on a more pressure. But again, given the broad portfolio we have, I think we are very well positioned to capture the growth opportunities.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yes, absolutely. Look I mean, there's a lot of investment in that area and a lot of research going on in the area of sustainable polymers, and new materials that we serve with a broader portfolio. Again, a lot of it is on the lab business. If you look at our material characterization portfolio, we are very closely working with our customers to understand the demand, and the workflows that – there you see and what solutions they are looking for. Given where we are in terms of the overall market trend, I think it's still in the early innings. There's a lot of demand and opportunities to come up with solutions to I would say, standard plastic for example, and also more sustainable materials moving forward. So, we are confident that will be while, it's still a small segment for us. It's one of these hot segments similar to what we see -- what we have seen in and continue to see with lithium-ion batteries that if we are early enough there to customers and provide them with the right solutions, and the right workflows, we can be a leader participating in that growth as they build out research, later on manufacturing and of course also pipette [ph]. That's what we have done in for example, with the battery segment. We have been very early with all these customers to understand, what their needs are and now we are participating really nicely in the growth opportunities, both on the R&D but also now on the manufacturing side in terms of, two or three areas.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Great. Thanks. Brandon maybe from my side you asked about the competitive situation in China with the market, but there's a significant change. I would say no. Look it's a very competitive market. We have local players there as well but you have to -- I want to remind you we have a really strong history in China. We have a strong R&D and manufacturing base there. We -- as I said in my remarks we manufacture a lot of the products locally in China and also tailor some of the applications to the local market needs. That helps us to really effectively compete with the product portfolio and our sales and marketing team uses the very same Spinnaker sales and marketing approach to really go after the growth opportunities identify those in the China market. I mentioned that example about the battery segment and they have been very successful to do those. So, yes, the market is competitive, but I would say it hasn't changed dramatically for us. Our team is well-positioned to continue to compete and we made from my perspective also a lot of good investments to make sure that we have the right portfolio to compete effectively in the market.
