Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Hey, thanks, Dan. Yeah, so for next year, we're kind of expecting China to be down high-single digit, but we're expecting more significant decline in the first half of the year. And frankly, also expecting a significant decline in the fourth quarter, probably down in the mid-20s in Q4, kind of similar to what we saw in Q3. But we do -- we are very optimistic about growth in the second half of the year next year. Like you said, we'll be facing some easier comparisons, but, I think a lot of different topics in the local market should also be flushed out. I think we also appreciate that there was an element of maybe some stocking at customers that were happening with supply chain constraints during COVID. And some of that inventory is also going to be flushed out by the time we get to the second half of next year.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, sure. So, yeah, so when we look at our margin for this year, of course, we're very pleased with our margin expansion. On a year-to-date basis, I think, we're up like, what, 140 basis points. For the full-year, we'll probably be up, excluding currency, we'll probably be up over 100 basis points. But on a reported basis, probably in the 50 basis point kind of a range. As we look to next year, our operating margin will be more flattish. And if you exclude currency, it's probably up by about 20 basis points. Probably one of the -- as you -- I think you kind of like highlighted some of the things in terms of like puts and takes for next year. In terms of -- maybe I'll start with pricing, pricing continues to do very well this year. It came in about 4.5% or so for the third quarter, we'll probably be down a little bit from that level in the fourth quarter, probably in the 4% kind of a range. But then, when we kind of like think about next year, we're probably more in the 2% range, probably more -- in a more normalized environment for next year. So that has an impact what you kind of compare '23 versus '24. From a volume perspective, you know, you're right, it's probably kind of similar year-on-year in terms of the overall volume. But we also have initiated different cost savings measures. We're very pleased with the progress on that. A lot of that's targeted towards productivity in the organization. So we will have some benefits from that into next year, but we also -- one of the things we have going on next year is we also have -- so if you kind of like think about our overall cost structure, you know, excluding bonus and incentives, might be down slightly. But we do have to bring back bonus levels to a more normalized level next year. So that's going to be a little bit of a headwind as we kind of go into next year. And then, I think, maybe the final thing is like when you go through times like this, I think, on one hand, we're very proactive. On the other hand, we're also very mindful. We want to be very mindful of coming out of this situation stronger than when we entered it. I think, that's something we've always been good at in the past and we're very thoughtful about how we're trying to balance our costs and our investments in this environment, and we have a lot of things that we're still investing in that we're actually very excited about. We'll drive some innovation that we'll see next year, but also beyond next year too. And it's not just innovation, we're continuing to invest in our service organization as well. So, I think we have a good balance in the company. And I think when we kind of step back, I think, we have the right mix going into next year. And maybe I forgot -- almost forgot, there's one other thing is foreign currency. I think you mentioned in the question. You know, our currency will be about a 2% headwind to our EPS kind of next year.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, I think, the one topic we have in Q4, Josh, is that kind of like -- if you look at how we think about market demand in the fourth quarter, I don't think we're going to get like -- I think the market demand is going to be less than it normally is towards the end of the year. Each year, there tends to be a pickup in market demand, especially in the Lab business. And right now, we're -- we're not anticipating much of that pickup, if any, in our fourth quarter guidance. So that's maybe one topic to think about this year versus next year. But then as we kind of like enter the year, we're very much thinking and not to get too specific this early, but we're definitely thinking the first half of the year is going to probably look more similar to the second half of this year. In other words, I think we fully expect to be down in the first half of the year. But we do see ourselves returning to growth in the second half of the year, especially as we face easier comps. I think there's Q4 dynamic, it should be better next year as well. And then, if you kind of like get into parts of the portfolio there's been different destocking issues at different points in time whether it's pipette tips or whether it was consumables and bioprocessing, especially on the single-use side. And then I kind of mentioned in the first question, some of the stuff that we're seeing in China as well.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. So, I mean, yeah, I think, I feel very confident with the 2% for next year. I think there's a lot of factors that go into it. Of course, we have a pretty robust process. I'm sure you're familiar with that we literally start in the summer and we go through the whole portfolio with the organization and we look at different metrics. But, I think when you step back from it all, our value proposition remains very strong. And I think that's always the key and that's why we're always of course investing in innovation to make sure we maintain that leadership in terms of the value proposition. But what we've seen is over the last couple of years is the market actually also move towards our portfolio in a way as customers seek more automated solutions, more digitalization. These are strengths of our portfolio relative to competition. And I think we're very well differentiated in many respects. And so, I think, that certainly helps us kind of maintain our pricing position versus competition. In terms of the operating margin, I mentioned flattish, but if you look at the gross margin, I think it will actually be up a little bit next year.
Shawn Vadala: And as a global company, of course, there is opportunities for us as there's changes in the landscape as well too. So we can pick up as companies start to reinvest more in maybe countries outside of China. We've already seen opportunities for our businesses in those kind of areas as well too. So I think the key for us is to always keep an eye on where the opportunities are and make sure we're there, leverage our programs to identify and pursue those opportunities.
Shawn Vadala: Maybe I'll start and let Patrick kind of add some color. I mean, I think, hey, I understand the point. We're typically only sitting on about a month-and-a-half worth of backlog, so I get that part. But I think if you take a step back too, like if you look at our multi-year CAGRs, kind of like four-year-type CAGRs, I mean, we are starting to see ourselves moderating here. And when you kind of look at the back half of next year versus even like 2019, you start to see more consistency from what we see here in the second half of this year. And so, I think at a high level, we think that that is reasonable. We also think that we are going to have easier comps. We know there -- our topics in China that will flush out with some excess inventory, maybe in the system from coming out of COVID. And then I think as we kind of particularly look at the fourth quarter, I think this year's fourth quarter is setting up to be a more unusual fourth quarter for the Group in terms of like lack of that end of the year uptick that we normally see in terms of market demand. And we can't predict what Q4 of next year is going to be like, but I wouldn't expect it to be the same environment that we're faced right now. You know and I'd say probably maybe one other comment is just talking to the sales organization throughout the world. And just what we hear from customers is that there is still a tremendous amount of interest out there. There's a lot of activity out there. It's just a question of when people will start to reinvest and have the funds available.
Shawn Vadala: I was just going to say, just to answer your question specifically for next year, we're a little bit more cautious on Europe in core industrial specifically, probably expecting it to be more, more flattish next year. And this again after coming on top of some really solid numbers this year and clearly frankly exceeded our expectations for the year. And then for Europe in total for next year, since I'm hitting it, we're probably looking at growth up slightly for the year overall.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. I'm sorry, Matt. I don't have that level of triangularity in our model. And of course -- they, of course -- it's very early to start trying to give specific for any quarter for next year. I think we always try to share what we know at this time of the year, recognizing it's early, but we feel like it helps everybody to know at least what's on our mind and it helps you to think about how to organize your models. But of course as we get into the year, we'll refine the things as we learn more about trends as we enter the year.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, sure. So, hey, maybe I'll -- some of this might repeat what I've already said, but I'll just kind of go top-to-bottom just to make sure everybody gets it. So, I think, you know, the overall sales growth for the full-year next year is flattish. And so, if we start with Lab, we expect Lab to be up slightly. We expect, core industrial to be down slightly. We expect Product Inspection to be up slightly. And then we expect Food Retail to be down probably mid-single digit, might be a little bit more than that. From a geographical perspective, we expect, as I mentioned before, China to be down high-single digit with a bigger decrease in the second -- in the first half of the year and growth in the second half of the year. And then we expect the Americas and Europe to be up slightly.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. I mean, I feel like you're trying to take a low quarter and try to extrapolate. And of course, the fourth quarter has this dynamic that we talked about with not having your typical year-end market demand, you know. And so -- so I'd be a little bit cautious to try to do any correlations off of that and of course, the way we're building it up is a lot more granular. Looking at the different levers and trying to pull it altogether and so we feel good about the guide that we've provided. And of course, there's a lot of moving parts. Things are dynamic, but I think we still stay very committed to operational excellence inside the Company. I mean, the culture is just amazing. The amount of agility and the amount of resilience is really impressive. And the organization is doing very well in that regard. And like I mentioned before, we do try to find the right balance for the medium and long term here too. And I think we were striking that with this guidance.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, maybe I'll start, Jack. So, I mean, hey, the only thing I've really heard about is like there's certainly a lot of small start-up biotech that have gone out of business. Some articles on that kind of recently. But, as you know, that's not a big part of our business. I mean, it has a smaller effect on maybe our pipetting business, but a lot of our portfolio really isn't geared towards early research. So less of an impact for us, but other than that we're not hearing anything.
Shawn Vadala: It's always a lumpy business, you know, like we've had some years where it's been down recently. It's nice to see retail have a great year. But beyond just being lumpy, we've actually won some new accounts in the US and in Europe. So the teams, it's actually done a really great job with that. So you have like the cyclicality of investment cycles, but then, I think we have won a couple of nice -- you know, a couple of really nice projects here. And then we've also have come out with some new innovations in the last couple of years, some new things that have added onto our portfolio or refresh of the portfolio, I should say, that has been really well received in the marketplace as well too. But I would never extrapolate anything from retail, because it's always lumpy. Our visibility into next year is that we see that we should have another really good year of project activity. But given the comparison, it's still going to be down a little bit. And -- but going forward, I think, it's always better to have a long-term view on retail. We still view it as like a long-term a lower-single digit kind of growth business, but pleased to see how well it's doing this year.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. Hey, Rachel. So maybe I'll start with the second part of your question. So from a CAGR perspective, we're kind of looking at what we saw in Q3 and how we're guiding Q4. And then just kind of taking a step back and applying our own judgment as to like that looks reasonable to us as kind of a moderation or normalization rate as we kind of think about next year. And then in terms of like exiting and entering, you know, we usually don't try to comment too much on individual months. But I would say that we certainly understood both of those numbers as we were providing guidance on the fourth quarter here. And if it helps at all, maybe, I haven't really touched upon guidance for the fourth quarter, but I can maybe just run through that by segment just to provide a little bit more color in terms of how we're thinking about the different parts of the business. So we were looking at for the fourth quarter Lab being down in the 10% kind of a range. We're looking at core industrial being down mid-single digit. Our Product Inspection being down high-single digit, but with Retail growing in the 20% kind of a range. And then from a geographic perspective, I've already mentioned, China being down like mid-20s. And then from a geographic perspective, the Americas being down mid-single digits, with Europe being down low-single digit.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah. I mean, like I said before, I mean, I think we expect Lab for the full-year to be up slightly. And then we expect on the Industrial side, overall, it's going to be flattish with core industrial down slightly and Product Inspection up slightly. I think, China, of course, is going to be a big part of like the seasonality next year. And so, I would expect things to be relatively down in the first half of the year and then up in the second half of the year. But, like I said earlier, we don't have specifics to share regarding some of the other granularity of how we would arrive at that. And as we -- like I said before, as we enter the year, we'll have more visibility and can provide -- help you refine models and provide more color.
Shawn Vadala: Yeah, maybe I'll start, Catherine, and then I'll let Patrick pick it up. So, you know, so, hey, we've talked a lot about food manufacturing over the last couple of years. I'd say, overall, it's probably exceeded our expectations to a certain degree this year. But we do see a lot of pressure on that segment, kind of going into the fourth quarter and by this time we have enough visibility to say that. So, for the fourth quarter of this year, we're seeing, you know, negative results or declines, I should say, both in the Americas, but frankly, also in Europe. That market segment has been under a lot of pressure in terms of their own cost structure. Their own challenges with inflation and you've seen some of the food companies closing plans, executing restructuring plans, a lot of antidotes from our team say like, like a lot of other things like, hey, there's a lot of interest there, but they're just not getting approved, things are getting held off to a certain degree. But outside of the Americas and Europe, we're also seeing actually good growth at the moment. And as we kind of enter into 2024, this is a really good example, where we have a lot of nice innovation in the portfolio coming out. We have a lot of good products in different areas of Product Inspection, like in the x-ray business, I think we talked about it in our prepared remarks. We have good stuff also coming out in metal detection as well. And in the innovation and the new products are being very, very well-received by the marketplace. We just heard some updates yesterday about some antidotes from a trade show that the guys were recently at and really good market reception of some of the new products. So, we feel good about what we're doing what we can control and how we're positioning. It's just a much more -- it's a difficult market environment, but it's frankly been like that for a little while. It's been a little bit up and down, but the value proposition is still there, right, like the need to help these companies with productivity. We can really help them and I think they recognize that. So I think that's still there. And then just the focus on food safety and brand protection, you know, you see things in the news in that regard. And of course, that we certainly can help companies as they seek to address those needs as well too.
Patrick Kaltenbach: So, if I might add, because Dan also has asked about SternDrive, just to add data on SternDrive, we, this year -- then I'll talk about stepping up on our strategic pillars. We just launched SternDrive phase three with a strong focus on automation on the shop floor, smart automation and we expect that also to continue to significantly contribute to our performance next year and drive savings both on the automation side, but also back-office sufficiency et cetera. So the program is fully running and the team is very committed to drive additional savings next year.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Josh, for the question. I mean, I'm extremely proud of our service organization and that's definitely also an area where we continue to invest this year as well. We also had a headcount in services to make sure that we can deliver on the demand of our customers have in our services. As I mentioned in one -- in some of the earlier earnings calls, we increased our portfolio and improved our portfolio of service offerings. That helps us of course to also drive not only more -- to drive more services at the point of sales, getting a higher connect rate, but also good people after our installed base that we have out there and potential products that are currently not yet on the service contract we have established telemarketing campaigns et cetera. So really performing well. In Q3, I think, our growth rate, Shawn, correct me if I'm wrong, was 6%. And that's for the full-year still holds up in the high-single digits and low-double digits growth for the full-year on services. It has been very strong in the first-half. Now, of course, we're also facing tougher compares, because we also had strong growth in the second half of last year. Now, looking forward, again, we still have, I think ample of opportunity to go after our installed base, products that are currently not under contract, making sure that the customers, yes, understand the full benefits of being on a contract with us. We know the customers who are on the service contract are much more likely buy again from us, because they have seen the benefits of being on the service contract with Mettler-Toledo. We continue to look into the offerings we have, more sophisticated services for more complex solutions out there and that will also continue to drive momentum for us in service. I'm -- again, I'm very happy about the long-term opportunity in service and would expect it to continue to grow mid-single digit at least next year.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah. Good question, Vijay. I mean, the biggest part of it is, as Shawn also outlined, is absolutely China, because we had initially we had planned for double-digit to mid-double digit declines in China, I'll be facing probably again 25%, 50% decline in Q4. That's what we are planning for. That's certainly one important piece of it. The other piece is the overall budget flush that also affecting mainly the Lab business, which we basically don't account for this year. We see very limited action there from customers and we should see by now, to be honest. So we didn't factor that into the Q4 growth as well. So in that regard, it's kind of a bit unusual Q4 for the margin and I think some of our peers also mentioned that you're seeing similar lack of demand, budget flush demand at the end of the year this year. Customers are just more cautious with their spending, and they're not really using their budgets. I have contact with several key customers out there, and they said, look, we have to hold our budget together this year and we will continue to look into opportunities next year, but don't expect a big budget flush from us in Q4 this year. I think that's probably the biggest things with China together with the lack of a budget flush. In terms of the other industry, I would say no significant changes, whether it's US or Europe. Maybe a little bit in the chemical market in the US, where we saw a slowdown in Q3 and we also factored into Q4. But we have to see how that plays out long-term, unless there is a major disruption in the market, I would expect it to still be with, I would say, normal momentum going into 2024, the chemical market.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Yeah, it is important. Let me start and I'll let Shawn chime in, in here. So, look, we think our -- when we talk about a 6% growth long-term growth model for Mettler-Toledo, I think that number is still very relevant in the mid and long term. And there are several reasons for that. Number one, we have factory in China in that equation to be high-single digits to long-term. So it's not that the growth rates that we have seen over the last two years, but still I would say high-single digit is probably not unlikely that we will see this in the mid-term again in China. The other important piece for us, and remember, when -- that we also shifted our portfolio sequentially into faster-growing segments over time, and that continues into the Lab business and the life science market; in Industrial, automation, these are all markets that are still where we see -- will see strong demand, just given the underlying demand in different industries, whether it's related to aging working populations like a flavor out there driving automation, the whole story around digitalization, where we have a very, very strong portfolio both on the Lab side, but also on the Industrial side. And even if you look at Product Inspection, product software, products software, we have a very unique positioning out there as well. That is something that I think will continue to differentiate us and also give us the opportunity to capture market share in a few account for an underlying market growth over the mid and long term in the range of 4% to maybe 4.5%. We should get to the 6% by taking the market share that we are going after. I think we have the right portfolio, increasing our investments and we have increased our investments over the last two years significantly to also drive new solutions to the market. You will see a lot of exciting solutions coming also next year, because I'm a strong believer that differentiation will help us to drive growth, but also profitability.
Patrick Kaltenbach: Certainly. And if I may add here, the topic around destocking is something that we have seen in pipettes, that we have seen in, you know, with the sensors in our Pro business et cetera. We think in the year for more customers, most of that is behind us. I mean, you are back to normal order pattern on these consumables and sensors that are used, for example, in manufacturing. Customers don't build-up excess inventory anymore, it's also clearly what we're hearing from them, but we see in terms of the order cycles and their -- that they are back to a normal use model that with the sensors.
Patrick Kaltenbach: I'll start with it and -- on Europe, yes, we have seen actually good performance this year in the margin, but -- and Middle East they also had some easier comparisons versus China, US compared to last year, where they had -- where we had seen more growth last year in the market. That said, on the chemical market you referred to, one of our concerns going into the year was that the high-energy prices in Europe, which impacted market much more than we have seen actually it held up quite well also over Q3 for us. And I think it's two factors. Number one, it's our capability to continue to drive market share. Remember, we have a very strong sales team in Europe that goes mainly directed as -- and we leverage our -- also our Spinnaker sales capabilities to direct our sales team to opportunities very quickly and also address hot segments like lithium-ion batteries, et cetera, which help us to compensate some shortfalls in other areas. We are, of course, a bit more cautious on Q4 and expect also much more moderate 2024. You're right, the PMIs also point downwards, it's why we are more cautious next year. The investment sentiment across Europe, I would say, is, if you go to Southern Europe and Spain, for example, or Portugal, which are quite significant market for us, it's quite healthy. On the other hand, Europe -- within Europe, Germany has been slower this year than we thought it would be, but we also see a lot of excitement, for example, in France. France has put a France 2030 plan in place, where they plan to invest in some of these core technologies in pharma, biopharma, in semiconductors, but also into lithium-ion battery and energy market, which I think will continue to drive growth moving forward. So, again, overall for Europe next year, very moderate, but long-term, I think it has still holds our model that we expect low-to-mid single-digit growth from Europe.
Patrick Kaltenbach: I can take this. Yes. So PendoTECH again for us has been performing really well over the last years. I mean, integration went really well with PendoTECH. Of course, they are strongly dependent on the underlying biopharma market and we have seen a slowdown compared to the years before. That shouldn't be surprise, but what we have done with PendoTECH is we expanded also the offering there. We have new parts within their portfolio. So that's not only pressure sensors, they also have now UV monitorings -- monitors, et cetera in their portfolio. So while, of course, we see lower demand compared to last year, we think the portfolio is really, really strong, and of course, by expanding it also different application wages, we are quite optimistic on PendoTECH's future, although we are seeing negative growth here.
Patrick Donnelly: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Shawn, maybe one for you, just in terms of next year, do you mind just breaking out kind of the segment forecast? You know, it's usually pretty helpful just to hear kind of that sub-segment detail and maybe geographies too. I know you mentioned Europe and China.
Patrick Donnelly: Yes. Go ahead. Yeah, I got you. And then maybe one on the earnings side, Shawn. I mean, just looking at 4Q, you know, in typical years, it's about a-third of the year in terms of earnings. Yeah, you're a little bit below $11 here for 4Q. I mean, just take that as a run rate, right, it kind of suggests something like $33. You know, the guidance for next year is more $39. I guess, is there something holding 4Q down, it goes away next year? I'm just trying to think about that as a jumping-off point and just bridging the gap to get to that guidance for next year on the earning side relative to what 4Q seems to imply.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. No, so 4Q seems maybe like a little more of a depressed number than how you think about next year, I guess.
