C. Richard Reese: Oh, we have significant facilities in that area. I couldn't tell you how many off the top of my head on how many square feet, but it's significant. You can assume that Metro New York, New Jersey is one of our largest, if not, largest market geographically. Historically, we've had other natural disasters. We've been through a bunch. This one's a pretty big one, it looks like. It's a little early to tell the impact on customers. But you'll see a wiggle, what we'd call a wiggle in the revenue. Storage doesn't get impacted. It might get delayed by a week or 2 coming in, but that's not a significant impact. What happens is, is service will decline. Your transportation and retrieval/refile activity will decline. That type of service, I'm just trying to parse in my head real quick, is not a major part of our service line of revenue. So I would -- net-net, it's a few million dollars, I'm guessing right now, but it's not $100 million. It's not even $50 million. I bet it's not $10 million. It's a few million dollars that we'll see. But we kind of keep track of everything, so we just wanted to let you know that's happening. Just like the London Olympics. You can see the difference on a year-over-year comparison the thing's so steady.
C. Richard Reese: Yes, we just -- all this will be -- I don't like -- or I guess I do like to call it noise, I call it noise a lot. It's noise, but it just explains why things move a little bit here and there. But yes, we don't see any change in the trajectory of the business.
C. Richard Reese: As we spoke, I just got an e-mail telling me that one of our high-activity facilities, New York, New Jersey area, we just got into it, as in to be able to be up and running, delivering services. We've been into it, but not been able to deliver services. So it looks like it's back online at these facilities. Now we'll have to wait and see whether our customers are online and so forth.
C. Richard Reese: Well, I don't know that we -- well, there's 2 components to the activity-based services. One, the big driver down still is our healthcare business, which we have said constantly is a business that, frankly, slowly is going away. Not the business itself. It's changing its nature. It's becoming a much less active storage business. And so the activity, which that is our most activity vertical segment, is coming way off. The storage side of the business is growing nicely, but the activity side is coming off. That trend will continue slowly for quite a while, okay? And then you have activity clients related to just all data getting less active. That's also a slower -- that's also a slow trend. And then third, you have economic activity declines, and we talked a lot about this in Investor Day. It's hard to parse which percentage. I mean, we know what's going on in the healthcare, which is a big part of it. But add it all up, you're talking $15 million to $20 million headwind in terms of total services on an annual basis. And I think if we had good robust economies, and as we weed through some of this, that might come down by 1/3 or somewhere like that. That's a guess though. That's not a precise answer.
C. Richard Reese: I mean, the team's basically, and we've done this before, they've come to us and they said, "Look, we -- our plans for this year are pretty cooked, and they're operating and the margins are flowing and so forth." And if we will relieve them on a reported basis from -- let them have some more expense in Q4 on a reported basis, they'll accelerate and get at more, and so those are good decisions, and so we said, "Sure, let's do it."
C. Richard Reese: And buying in an existing lease facility is not to be confused with moving out and consolidating an inventory. They're really kind of separate transactions, okay? If we're consolidating inventory, we're typically either moving out of an owned building and selling the building or moving out of a lease and taking a charge because the present value of where we're going justifies that investment. Those are separate decisions. We would tend to buy-in buildings, buy-in leases, where we have high-quality buildings, good real estate, and where the cost of financing it in an acquired mode is cheaper than the cost of the lease that we have. And oftentimes, that occurs at a lease renewal cycle or when landlords want to get some liquidity out of their portfolio, and so on a negotiated basis.
C. Richard Reese: Well, the competition is always a concern because of -- and sure, the shredding business has some large players and a lot, a lot, a lot of small players, and it's a reasonably easy-entry business for the small players. But our shredding services, the bend [ph] tips and the number stops and all the activities are up and continue to grow quite nicely, but what we're suffering is -- we're suffering 2 things: some price decline, which is competitive-market driven, but a lot driven off of a rollover of some very large enterprise accounts quite some years ago in a different market environment, and which we then are repricing themselves or getting repriced to current markets. But the big driver is the paper itself. I mean, the paper is a key driver of revenue and profitability in that business, and it's gone from an all-time high to not quite an all-time low, but a much lower number.
C. Richard Reese: And there's seasonality in the storage side of the business, which lends itself to the first half of the year versus the second half of the year.
C. Richard Reese: And I think -- look, there's no guarantee about the future in anything, but if you look forward -- look where we are today, look forward versus look back, that you'll see significantly more focus of resources, asset, organization towards driving storage. And that's in marketing programs, sales programs, compensation programs. Everybody is aligned around this agenda, and that was not true looking backwards, and so -- and it will have benefits.
C. Richard Reese: Sure. No, look, it's a local market -- it's not a local market decision, it's a local market analysis. If you were to -- and you do run the models of what if the business shrank over the next 50 years and so forth, what's your last building standing, what's your next-to-last building standing and so forth and so on, and those are the obvious ones you want to buy. Okay? And you run your portfolio that way. You also recognize that if you were in a declining situation, you're probably better off to own the real estate so you can have more flexibility of reselling it into the open market than you would be committed to a long lease. So you increase the flexibility of your portfolio, but we're not talking about -- relative to the size of our portfolio, we're not talking about buying in that many of the buildings over time, okay, to make that issue a serious issue. And the last, and certainly not least, is that we would likely deploy -- I don't know if I'd say a disproportion amount, disproportion amount relative to the size of the business, for sure, in emerging markets, where the real estate arbitrage is much, much higher. The cost of debt capital, the cost of lease capital, so to speak, and financing in emerging markets is in line with venture capital returns, and we would likely deploy a significant amount in places like that. And I use kind of over and over the example that we've now gone outside of São Paulo, Brazil, and bought 10 acres of land, and we're going to build a campus there because we can drive very, very much better economics, and we've got a very good, growing business there. And a lot of facilities we can -- on leases we can get out of that we can consolidate out of into.
C. Richard Reese: Look, I think the only -- generally speaking, the only positive that comes out of these kind of messes are is -- is in certain customers will have heightened awareness around the quality of their own operations and where they're storing things and what they're doing, and be more open to making a change, and then there will likely be a few customers who have a bloody mess after this, and we may get called in to help fix it, which we do from time to time.
C. Richard Reese: Well, let's take healthcare. What we see in healthcare is a consistent trend. We see actually good, great opportunity inside the healthcare space, as they computerize their health records and so forth. They don't get rid of the paper records for lots of real reasons, good reasons. So we see lots of storage opportunity in the space. We see lots of -- some hybrid or digital scanning opportunities and things like that. I don't know if we see a trend, but they're kind of in the middle of that, and they've got some years of work. The trend is the bigger hospitals started a long time ago, and the bigger healthcare systems, and the smaller ones are still working through it, trying to figure out how to do it. Financial services, what you see there is -- I mean you know it's an industry that's under pressure, and they push that pressure back at their vendors, and we see a lot of that. We see their activity rates have been down since 2007 and '08, come back slightly. Which is the same thing you guys see in the capital markets, okay? If we get robust markets and robust trading and robust everything else, I'm sure their activities -- everybody will be smiling better and their activities will be up and so forth. So I'd say you would see us -- whatever your outlook is for a given vertical in terms of their economic activity, you will see that'll flow through to us, and you'll see that the service sides respond faster and the storage respond slower. There's a lag there.
C. Richard Reese: Seasonality in the business is more related -- you'll see a higher growth of storage in the first couple of quarters because people are cleaning out last year's records. That's the biggest trend you see in terms of gross adds, gross additions coming in.
C. Richard Reese: Well, I think -- we're thinking that healthcare is going to continue to decline and roughly come down to -- over quite a period of time, to about half of what it used to be. And it's got few more years before it will get itself to that level, I think. And I think the rest of it is more -- the bigger part of the rest of it is more economic activity. So it depends on the economies, what comes to on there, I think. So thank you, everybody, for coming this morning. We do try to keep to at least an hour, and I started off extending it short. I've always misjudged that so I apologize to you. I know you have other calls to get to. Thanks for coming to Investor Day, and we look forward to continue to communicate with you, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, I'd just say on the service front, to Richard's point, it's early to tell. It will be more at the margin. I think, right now, we don't have a good sense of how long the delays might be in place, so that's...
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, so we'll have -- as I have noted, George, we've got about $10 million of real estate transactions in the fourth quarter. The biggest one is we're consolidating volume in London. We have excess capacity and we're going to close a facility. That's about a $6 million impact. We've got some investments in the U.S. as well. We're consolidating volume at an existing -- we have an existing lease facility that we're going to move out of and take a charge there. And we've got some investments going around just in terms of upgrading facilities as well. And net-net -- that's factored into our outlook. We're counting on that next year, but those will have benefits in terms of reduced rental costs going into next year. So I think Richard's point on the international front was the team's been executing extremely well. We feel very good about the -- getting to our 2013 goals and I think we've got some ability here to move things forward. Good return activity forward and faster, and we're going to take advantage of that.
Brian P. McKeon: Well, I think, we're -- to a degree, we've had a level of activity going on for a long time, right? Building consolidations are a normal part of what we do, and so that work continues. I think the opportunity we highlighted at Investor Day was we have basically a $2.5 billion universe in potential investment opportunity between buying out leases and investing. And the real estate and expansion markets, kind of a probability-based view on that. We put out an estimate of $1 billion deployment, perhaps, over a long period of time and...
Brian P. McKeon: So one way to look at is if we got $1 billion, you'd say the majority of that is lease buyouts. If we've got a cap rate of 8%, on average, on leases, if we can finance at a lower rate directly, that will be a net benefit to us. So that might give you a sense of kind of the net annualized benefit we could realize over time from the financing side of that. And we'll continue to increase our network utilization through other activities like building those, as Richard talking about.
Brian P. McKeon: So the differences -- we had a very good Q2. The International number came down from 7% to 5%, and that was primarily just reduction from mid-double-digit growth in Latin America to 12%-ish type growth. It was -- we had very good rates. It was just a bit lower. And we did see some -- we had a very good Q2 in Europe, and that's came back down to more normalized levels, I'd argue.
Brian P. McKeon: North America, as I mentioned, was down a bit. It was 1.5 versus 2. And that it really is just kind of the quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year comparisons. We were up against the kind of volume built through Q3 of last year, and came down a bit early this year. But net-net, it's been really quite flat. We would expect to see some of those compares be a bit better in Q4. So we're comfortable we're on track to the 4% full year number and the 3% internal number we've been talking about.
Brian P. McKeon: Well, we -- just going back to Investor Day, we talked about the longer-term outlook being 1% to 3%, including a 1.5% to 2% pricing. So that it is basically flat volume, with revenue growth primarily coming from pricing. And our churn has been stable in North America, what's flowing out. The incoming volume has come down moderately in terms of new sales and organic growth from customers, but we can augment that through additional activities, as well as through things like tuck-in acquisitions or customer acquisitions. And we feel quite confident that we can -- it's a very slow change, and that we can offset that through good return investments that keep the volume flowing in. So we're...
Brian P. McKeon: It's in the range of $5 million to $7 million in Q4, and we've got a few different things going on, but basically, we're -- it's part of ongoing productivity-based initiatives we're looking at, where we can be more efficient in the company, and that's what it's related to. So it's more than one activity. They're smaller in terms of their individual scope, but net-net, we do expect a fair bit of severance cost to pull through Q4.
Brian P. McKeon: Well, I think if we -- I think it's too early to call that. It's -- net-net, I don't think that will be a net benefit to us. It's just too early to call.
Brian P. McKeon: You do see there's some seasonality in numbers. I think, sometimes, it's important to look at Q3 to Q3 levels. I think what you see in the organic additions is they're relatively stable. And on the outgoing volume, Q3 to Q3 is actually down a bit and are now calling -- you typically have some fluctuation quarter-to-quarter. It's driven -- and many times, larger events can cause quarter-to-quarterly fluctuation. I think, overall, if you look at where Q2 and Q3 are, they're actually down from where they were the prior 3 quarters, and so -- it's one of the reasons we talk about the compares year-on-year is we knew we had some increase in the outgoing volume a little earlier in the year, and that stabilized down so we have a tougher compare in Q3, but that should be sequentially a bit better as we get into Q4.
Brian P. McKeon: It's flow-through benefits of -- we had a number of initiatives we started advancing really late last year around looking at our support cost areas and trying to make sure they're well-aligned with good customer service, but also being as efficient as we can be, and we're seeing the flow-through benefits of that. So it's across a number of functional areas. It's something that we expect to continue to do on an ongoing basis, and I think what you're seeing more than anything is, given when we advance those initiatives, we're starting to see the flow-through benefits of those year-on-year.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, surcharges were down. Fuel prices have been down a bit and they were down about $1 million year-on-year in the quarter.
Brian P. McKeon: It's been basically flat. We're -- if you look at the volumes and how they've trended over the last several quarters, it's been up a bit, down slightly, but basically flat and we're expecting flat this year, so it's -- I would say the headline in storage is flat in North America.
Brian P. McKeon: I am too. Storage volume is flat. Down a bit because of the compare of Q3 to Q3, and that reflects just some of the ebbing and flowing of volume coming in now. But as we go forward, we expect it to be flat. That's where we'll be this year. So that's really the broader theme, is it's relatively flat.
