Bill Meaney: Hi, George. No, thanks for the question. I think this year most of the growth will be around the digital services, which I highlighted. So, I said last year we did 8%, then we see a further acceleration in that growth rate going into this year. And on SITAD, you'll continue to see its relatively small portion of the business. But as I said, to give you some idea of the scale, those two global contracts that we've signed early in this year to serve financial service institutions, those two combined are probably in the order of about 15% year-on-year growth. So, it's pretty high levels of growth on what it traditionally was smaller parts of our business. But over time, over the next year, what you can expect is over the next year or two, we'll start guiding more and more to those individual pieces of business. But if you think about it, what this all means is more on a consolidated basis. It gives us the confidence on guiding say that, we said that 2% to 6% growth in terms of top line range. And if you take the midpoint that's 4%. It just gives us much more confidence as we go forward that we can really start driving bottom line growth, not just through margin expansion, but through top line growth, because of the resiliency and the attractiveness of these new segments.
Bill Meaney: So, thanks for the questions Nate. So, coming on the Web Werks JV that we announced this morning. Great question. So, we're super excited about India. I mean, personally, I've been to India, I don't know how many times over the last three years specifically looking for a data center, the right data center entry, because it's been on our radar screen for quite some time. And with Web Werks, we found a very good partner that already has presence in Mumbai, Pune, and Delhi, which three of the key regions, and they have a roadmap to expand that to Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai. So, which we really think gives us a very good platform, because Delhi is not a single location. In terms of the way, why we chose Web Werks is that, first of all the team, its entrepreneurial brothers that actually built the company, and they have always had a very strong focus on telecommunications interconnects. In fact, that's how they started their business. So, we think that actually they built a good ecosystem around the locations that they already have. They understand the market and the business extremely well. So, we're also buying into effectively a management team. And as we alluded to, in our press release is that the way the JV is structured is we start in a minority and they have about 4 megawatts that are actually running as we sit here today in those three locations, but they have both Brownfield expansion capacity as well as land for further greenfield expansion. And $150 million that we announced will be put in overtime on a cost basis as we build out that expansion. So, you can think of it as a way that we paid slight premium for our entry, to get the additional 4 megawatts and the management team. And then that $150 million that goes in over the next two or three years will lead to us to have a majority ownership. And that will be on a cost basis, that money put in. So, we'll effectively slide down towards a cost that is approaching, the actual cost to build the facility. So, we're really excited about the market. It is the second largest telecommunications market in the world, it has probably about 10% of the data center running in India and Northern Virginia. So and it's just a very fast-growing market. We've got a great management team that comes along as part of the deal. And we have a clear roadmap to expand and build a truly Indian footprint.
Bill Meaney: Thanks for the question, Michael. I think it's an important topic and wage inflation just across even absent of the $15 minimum wage, in terms of our frontline staff, especially our carriers, right, we've been in that, I would say a highly competitive environment, for the last four or five years at least with a boom of e-commerce. So, for us, the $15 minimum wage is less than an issue. Most if not all of our workers are kind of north of that. The bigger issue for us is, quite frankly, the pressure on e-commerce for similar types of jobs. That being said, we've been able to manage our churn pretty well. And the one thing I've spent personally a fair amount of time traveling around the country as well as in Europe and in Mexico, speaking to our frontline staff, many of whom we had to furlough during the depths of the crisis, just to take the temperature and their connection to the company, their loyalty, the gratitude in terms of the way our leadership teams have managed the crisis and also tried to support them and their families both mentally, health wise and monetarily has been highly appreciated. So, I think, I still remain very confident that mountaineers are really mountaineers, we look after each other. But the inflation that you're referring to is less for us driven by the minimum wage and it's more driven by just the boom in e-commerce, but it's a good point.
Bill Meaney: Okay, thanks Sheila for both questions. So first, I guess my flippant answer to your first question is, I think 58.5 megawatts this year says that we're pretty competitive. So, I tell my congrats to our team who have really dug in. I think the other thing what I would say is just another proof point. Then I'll say how we're compete, is that if you look at our, especially on the sales side, but also in the operation side of our data centers, most if not all of these folks come from leading what I would call pure play data center companies. And so, you can almost say and to me it's not - you measure the success of your offering in two dimensions. One is, do customers buy it, right, which is the 58.5 megawatts this year of leasing activity our new leases signed, I think is a pretty good proof point. On the other side is, are people willing to bet their career and their livelihood by coming to join you who are specialists in the field and I have to say that market who leads that business has done a remarkable job in terms of attracting really, I would say, top tier focused data center talent. Now, in terms of the synergies between the business, which goes into the secret sauce, which you alluded to, is still about 40% of our whole own leads come from our traditional records management sales force. And that's you're seeing that even more and more now that we set up strategic accounts. So, I don't go to a strategic account meeting where they pulled out a strategic account executive for me along where we're not speaking about data center opportunities. I mean, just last week, Barry and I were with the number two executive of a global bank and he brought up data center even before we could, Barry and I with one of our strategic account executives. So it's a - people definitely see the connection, the decades, this is our 70th year, the decades of trust that we've had with financial service institutions. And it's the reason why the likes of Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse have trusted us with their colocation installs. So, definitely the trust is a big factor. And the team seems to be really getting great traction in the market.
Bill Meaney: Yeah, I think to your first question I would say, yes. And in part of that, that recovery is based on the success that we've had in consumer is I mentioned in my remarks is that, we went from 2 million cubic feet to 7 million cubic feet last year, I'd say in 2020. In terms of the incoming volume, we still see the similar trends as we saw pre-COVID. At this point, we haven't seen a - we have and you can almost you can see that no supplemental, we haven't seen an acceleration in that headwind that we're getting. But we're still for sure going through what I think I described on a few calls previously, maybe was a year ago, what I call the second derivative action. In other words, virtually all our customers are continuing to send us new boxes. But some of our historically, fastest growing and largest verticals are sending them in at slower rates. So, we continue to see that what I call the second derivative drag on volume coming in slower than boxes aging out at their normal kind of 15-year lifespan. So, we expect to continue to have what I would call the same pre-COVID headwinds on the traditional document side of the business more than offset by the growth in consumer.
Bill Meaney: Hi, Stephanie, and thanks for the question. That would be our expectation, right. But I think it's - I don't think it's going to be a sharp change, because I think the people's transition back into the office will be more gradual than that. But I would expect that, but again, when you net those two things out, we don't expect a marked change in the trend. I mean, if you think about it, during the course of last year, is I think that our - it is basically a flat storage story. And then you add pricing on top of that is actually not a bad story at all. So, we don't see either an acceleration in either direction of that trend. But I think, what you described is would be, I think, a reasonable expectation, but I think they probably will, fairly closely net each other out.
Bill Meaney: Okay, thanks, John, for the question is quite a bit in there. So, let me kind of start about how we think about the JVs or we use India as an example. So, India is a country that we're pretty comfortable in. That's why, specifically, it's actually been more than three years, actually I think, five years. I go to India, at least a couple times a year. But I would say five years ago, I started going there with a focus on finding the right data center entry. Even though we have a little less than 2,000 people working on the records management side in India. So, it's a market we know is for us, it was important to find the right not just physical opportunity for entry, the right footprint, but also the right team that we could build on. And with Web Werks, we found that I think from a Web Werks standpoint, they also appreciate it is that we are not a financial sponsor, or we're not a newbie in the Indian market. So, that they see how we operate in India already today. Culturally, we're tuned to the challenges that they have in a very supportive of their journey. And so that, in this case, Deutsche Bank ran the process. But I think one of the reasons why we won was the relationship we were able to build with the entrepreneurs and the way we the way we operate. So that to me is part of our secret sauce is that, we are a company that is in 56 countries around the world, over 20,000 mountaineers around the world so that we can make those connections. And then also it's not lost on these entrepreneurs in this particular case, that we were actually refusing data center demand. We had a number of customers, they were asking for capacity in India, and quite frankly, we just couldn't deliver for them so that we can bring that network to bear. I think if you kind of think more broadly on build to suit, as we build out our reputation with some of the large hyperscale players, so as we announced the Frankfurt started off, not as a build to suit but ended up being a build to suit effectively, because we had that interesting data center asset, and it was hyperscaler that needed the whole 27 megawatts. So, the design and engineering got modified to satisfy them. And that was one reason why we put it into the type of joint venture structure that we did, because it turned out to be a completely stabilized asset from day one, if you will. That has also led us to have, we haven't done any at this point but there's more and more that are approaching us to look at build to suit opportunities. And quite frankly, we just look at the returns. If the campus supports that, and it allows us to actually further expand or even upgrade the capacity of a campus by bringing in more power on the back of a build to suit opportunity, then we absolutely entertain it. The last thing I would say is that we are starting to see more pipeline. Now, whether or not we execute on that is interesting is that, when I was talking about the Frankfurt situation is that, what the customer there admitted to me that he really does see us as one of those handful of suppliers that he looks to when he's needing third party capacity. So, just naturally we are starting to see those kinds of opportunities, whether or not we actually execute on them really is going to depend on the types of returns in this specific campus opportunity.
Barry Hytinen: The only other element Shlomo, I would add is from an FX perspective, it'll be about call it 1.5 in total of the 4 to 8, something of that order in light of where FX rates are in terms of forward projection on banks - bank views, so thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: And Nate, thanks for the question. This is Barry. On the recycling point, we as you know, see recycling of industrial assets is highly attractive as we see the valuations as really good at these levels. And together with our development pipeline and data center, among others, it's a really good move for us to invest in faster growing opportunities. The way I think about it is industrial assets continue to increase in terms of valuation. So the level of recycling that we've assumed in the plan this year would kind of be a mid-single digit percent of purely the industrial asset base. So, we've got a - and that is obviously a base that continues to expand in terms of value in light of what's going on in asset prices out there. So over time, I think planning for something in this level, annually, is not a bad place to plan if I were you. And I would also note that, if we continue to see opportunities on both sides on the industrial side, as well as incremental opportunities in the development pipeline, we would not be afraid to continue to recycle even at a little bit higher level, but for the year, we're planning 125. Thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Sure, thanks, Kevin. There's a lot of material in our slide deck, but let me go through a couple of things. From an EBITDA standpoint, the stock comp, year-to-year is very similar. I will note, like most companies, we have a performance element in our grant. So, it's conceivable that depending upon where performance is those grants could go higher or lower. So, I would be planning for that to be very modestly up year-on-year. On the [Indiscernible] ventures, as it relates to how that impacts EBITDA, there's two things there as you know, our consumer joint venture where we have a higher ownership, but while the business is performing better year-on-year as our plan, it still is in a loss position. So that'll be a little bit more of a headwind. And then we'll add on the Frankfurt joint venture where we own 20%, as you know. And that starts up as we mentioned before, the lease commences at about midyear and ramps over time as the client gets into the lease. So that, I would say the unconsolidated ventures portion is fairly similar year-on-year, slight improvement. So, net-to-EBITDA, very similar to the 2020 level of the add back that you see in the documents. EPS and FFO would flow similarly to EBITDA. And then from an AFFO standpoint, you'll note that there's less impact there than EBITDA since we were already adding back stock comp. So that has no change to AFFO. And the portion of growth capital is essentially at the same level. And I already mentioned the unconsolidated joint venture. So, an add back of kind of a high single digit million-dollar benefit to AFFO year-on-year, not unlike what we had again in 2022. Good question. Thanks for the question.
