William Leo Meaney: Thank you, Rod. To wrap up before going to Q&A, just to summarize, we're off to a very successful start after closing Recall and having accomplished what we set out to do in the first three months since closing. We made great progress on integrating Recall's people, platform and portfolio. We're on track with our financial expectations for the year, and in fact, slightly raised the lower end of our range for the full-year guidance. And additionally, we like what we see as we look at our exit rate from 2016 and our entry into 2017. Overall, we are excited about the potential we see to realize the benefits of combined scale with Recall and look forward to updating you on continued progress next quarter. Before I turn it over to questions, I should say that I think our transformation program probably has reduced the caffeine in my coffee in the morning. So I did, I think, misstate that Access – we sold 23 U.S. markets to Access, I meant to say 13. So, 13 is much better than 23 and I will talk to the transformation folks to kind of put the caffeine back in my coffee. But any way, with that, operator, I'd like to turn it over to Q&A. Thank you.
William Leo Meaney: Yes, sure. Sure, Shlomo. So first of all, let's look at the absolute net volume, right? So if you look at Q2 2016 this quarter, you'll see that out-perms and destructions, if you subtract that from new sales and organic growth, you have a net before acquisitions of 3.8% (sic) [3.7%] growth versus a Q1 of 3% growth, so the net growth has actually increased. But coming to specifically your question about what's going on with out-perms is, the 2.3% in Q1 of 2016 is not out of norm. So if you kind of go back and you look at the supplemental on page 11, you'll see that over the last 12 month – or less, say, even more than 1.5 years or so, you'll see going back into Q3 of 2014, it goes somewhere between 2.1% and 2.3%. Where you really see the spike is in the Q2 2016 number, where you see that go up to 2.6%, so it's really a Q2 issue. But as I say, the net volume is positive. And for those that followed Recall, there was a program that Doug would euphemistically call Close the Gap. And the two things he referred to was the 700-or-so basis points lower gross margin that their business yielded in terms of their overall business. And the other thing is, he highlighted that the level of out-perms that they had relative to ours. So, where we see the roughly the 30 bp increase in out-perms from Q1 to Q2, that's driven by Recall's – emerging Recall's business into ours, which we knew was a – had a less – had a higher volatility or a higher turn in that. But you'll see that come down over time because obviously, we're wrapping the same customer loyalty program, which I think we've spoken on previous calls where we have – we built a – with outside help, we built an algorithm that helps predict 6 months to 12 months ahead of time certain customer issues that prevent the out-perms.
William Leo Meaney: Yes, it's the latter. So and Doug used to comment on his calls, I guess, they only did half year results. But it's exactly that they didn't have the same tools. And in fact, three years ago, we basically introduced the tools – I can't take credit for it, they started the work before I came in, but we started ramping up just as I came in. And you would've seen the same decrease in Iron Mountain's business. And one of the things that Recall had is, they couldn't afford to take the investment that we did. I mean, we brought in some outside help and advisers that know how to build these tools, and it looks at a number of different things. It looks at volume through the call center. It looks at number of boxes coming in. It looks at the types of complaints that we're getting from a customer, and there's a number of different things that you pick up. The last time we gave them a price increase. And you look at those different pieces of data, and it's pretty accurate in terms of predicting when you're heading for a crisis with that customer and then you can intervene. And I forget exactly what their number was, but it was significantly – it was at least a full point higher than ours in terms of the out-perms. And you're seeing that averaging in when we go from the 2.3% to 2.6%. So it is something – it isn't structural in the Recall business. It was much more they just didn't have the same tools and sophistication that we introduced, say, three years ago.
William Leo Meaney: A great question and I wish I could've gotten the DOJ – the DOJ asked the same question. I wish I could have gotten them to be data-driven. Actually, the loss ratio between – the win and loss ratio between us and them was actually much smaller than you would think, right? I mean, we'd like to say we competed against each other and we did. But actually, generally, they lost to somebody else, and we lost to somebody else. And that – I think we've talked about it previously where they have – they did – they have taken business from us. There was no question about that. But where they were much more present was in that middle market and SMB space, so they were winning and losing against much more the smaller players. And we're actually quite excited about it, to be honest with you. So their head of sales for North America now runs our whole mid-market SMB segment. And that business is, I think, approaching almost $800 million. I think $750 million of sales, if we combine the two companies. So, it's of the same size of what Recall was globally just in North America, and we think we can to a better job. So, they were losing typically to other people, and we were losing to other people for the most part.
William Leo Meaney: It's a good question, George, but it's more the math. So the part – it's not as big a delta as you think because you have to look at what the translation of the $15 million, because of the way the synergies flow in during the course of the year, what we get for impact in 2016 leads you to a very high – which is small, leads you to a very high exit. So, I'm trying to remember the number, but I'll ask Rod to comment. I think we were before the $15 million translated into around $60 million, $65 million. And the $18.5 million translates into around $80 million. But it's not a – it's 80% – we were always going to achieve a very high percentage; just we weren't going to achieve 80% before in terms of going into 2017.
William Leo Meaney: Yes, it's just we're getting it faster. It's just – it is a speed, but it gives you an idea that when we get into 2017, we're cracking the back of it. We're always going to crack the back of it in 2016. We are even cracking a bigger part of it in 2016 than we originally thought.
William Leo Meaney: I think, it was around 70%, right? I think, it was about 70% – we'll give you the exact number. I think it was about 70% because it was 60% on 90%, right? So I think it was about 70%.
William Leo Meaney: Okay, all right. Yes. Okay, so in terms of their historical trend, so pretty much as we expected, other than – we expected, as I answered to Shlomo, we expected that the out-perms would be higher and that pretty much translated straight across because we could see that in the results. The growth and opportunity we see in the middle market is pretty much what we expected. I think that the – so the trends of merging their business into ours, we're pretty much on track. The margin that both I commented on and Rod commented on, we commented on last quarter before we closed. We knew that, that was the case. I think the one thing that has been the – so it's been more of an upside, and I think the upside has been more around the people. Not that we expected to get bad people. But I think when you buy a competitor, you always kind of think that they're different than you, and when you're talking to customers, you typically demonize the competitor. And guess what? They have blood flowing through their veins just like us, and we've gotten some really good people as a result of it. And they had almost identical values and code of conduct as we had. In fact, you lay the two slides up next to each other, we did it at a town hall, and they're virtually almost the same. So I don't know who copied from who? So we've actually, probably, if anything, have integrated the people much quicker. And when I say integrated, not just get them into slots, but people feel like they've been around a lot longer than they have, if you know what I mean. In other words, they didn't spend a lot of time trying to figure stuff out or adapt to a new culture. So that part has been better than we thought. But in terms of the way the numbers have flowed in, we haven't found any surprises.
William Leo Meaney: No, it's a good question. So I think we also pretty – kind of foreshadowed at the last quarter that we thought we would see a drop in service revenue, that the next – Q2 wouldn't be as strong as Q1. And so obviously, we could see the pipeline, and we knew how that worked. The one thing that I think again we commented last time is that as we shift more to project-based rather than transportation-based service revenue, we do expect it to be pipeline-dependent and, therefore, more project-dependent and, therefore, more lumpy. So it's much easier to predict that if you look over a 12-month period than if you look at it on a 1-month or even a 3-month period. So if we – as that as a backdrop, if we look forward to the rest of the year, we like the pipeline, the booking pipeline – the bookings and the pipeline that we see for the rest of the year. So we're very confident that for the total year, we will see positive service revenue growth, which obviously means that the new services are offsetting the declines that we talked about in the transportation, which has driven to the structural shift in the way that the information is being used. So we feel very good that for the full year, you'll see a trend that's consistent with Q1 as the pipeline turns into bookings and turns into projects that we see in front of us.
William Leo Meaney: Yes, it's a good question, Andrew. So first of all, our – so that business also includes film and sound, right, which is very project-dependent. So a year ago, we had a very large project with one of our film and sound customers, and that project fell off. So if you normalize for that, what you see is roughly the 9% to 10% reduction in transportation that we've been calling out quarter-by-quarter. And the new services have been offsetting that between 40% and 50% of that decline. So the net decline and you'll see that going forward as well is that the net decline as the new services replace some of the transportation as the tapes are becoming more for disaster recovery rather than for rotation, then you'll see that the typical 9% to 10% decline in transportation and being offset by 40% or 50% by the growth in new products. But specifically, our Data Management business includes both the data protection and the tape business, as well as our film and sound business, which we had a very large project for a studio.
William Leo Meaney: No, no, the only thing – the first part was right, but we had the same amount of growth in the new service products in Q2 as we did in Q1. So roughly, what I'm saying is that what you can expect is that, the underlying business in Q2 was like Q1 if you took out the large project. So you had transportation going down to 9% to 10%, and then you had new services offsetting about 40% to 50% of that decline. So in other words, you end up net in the mid-single-digit decline in terms of the service revenue of that business. And we expect that trend to be similar in Q3 and Q4.
William Leo Meaney: Yes. And just to illustrate Rod's point, it's typically in the UK, you see prices in p that you see in cents in the U.S. Now that was even more interesting before the Brexit. But anyway, so you do see this range in terms of the high legacy pricing in Europe.
William Leo Meaney: Yes. What we've always said is that – that was a minimum synergy target and we'll see as we get closer to 2017 and into 2017 if that speed also translates into more. Right now, it's speed. But I think we've always said that once we start really understanding the consolidation opportunity, that could be more, but right now, I would keep your $17 million guidance in the overall synergy number where it is. But yes, so the – you're absolutely right. It's about speed right now.
William Leo Meaney: Okay, well, thank you very much, and I hope you all enjoy the rest of your summer. Have a great Labor Day and we'll speak to you on the Q3 call.
Roderick Day: Yes, George, our exit rate is 80% of next year as opposed to the in-year being 80% of 2017. So in-year, we're sort of net $3 million higher, but actually that translates into quite a significant improvement in the exit rate that we have for next year and sets us up really nicely for 2017. So it's not that the number's gone up and we're using that to cover for other things. That's not the case at all.
Roderick Day: Yeah, it was at this time in Q2 last year, this film and sound project, so it screws up the comparisons, but Q3 should be about normal.
Roderick Day: Yes. In Western Europe, we had a couple of things, one affected last year, and then also impacting this year. So in Q2 of last year, we actually had a gain as a result of some renegotiations that went on at that point to do with a specific project and specific customer. This year, we had a couple of customers that went the other way in terms of the renegotiations that we had, which obviously, you have a sort of strong quarter last year and a relatively weak quarter this year. So you got a double impact in terms of the growth rate. I think in terms of overall, if you strip that out and then talk about overall pricing, in Western Europe, we do see a modest price erosion over time because we have quite high price legacy base. So that's a phenomenon you'll see if you look in some of our historic numbers, that's not the case, say, for example, in North America, which is obviously a much larger business where the legacy base price is more consistent with the price that we get today.
Roderick Day: I think that's right, Bill. I think at this stage, it's sort of bit of upside this year, sets us up great for next year in terms of confidence around that number, but no change in the total yet for 2017. The big item we're looking at the moment is real estate consolidation, which we've always called out as a potential upside further down the line, but it's still early days in terms of the analysis there. There will be an update in quarters to come on that.
