C. Richard Reese: Well I guess the reason I didn't talk about the economy in the past is we've really never seen such an impact. And look, part of the reason was when we had good economic growth, we've never seen the economy come down quite like this in my lifetime, and when you're operating down with small numbers on growth rates, everything going on, plusses and minuses, have an amplification, and so it's just more painful. Why should we -- what then, 2 questions on that. We have done a reasonable amount of work just convincing ourselves to make sure that what we're telling you is right, that this is the impact of the economy, and not an acceleration of secular trends. I'm not suggesting that there aren't secular trends because there are there always have been and will continue, but all the data I look at says that we are being impacted by the economy when you see the rate at which it came off and the fact that services came down first and a year later, storage growth rates came down. And you understand the nature of what we do for customers, it all makes sense. But in terms of why is it fair to project the same trends going forward is, 2 things, we're not in the business of projecting the economy. So I don't know what it's going to do. Second is, at least I [ph] understand it, there's a rebound. We'll be a significant lag to that. So it -- for its impact 2012, we'd all have to be feeling real good about the economy taking off right now, and I don't know anybody that feels good about that. Third is, my tea leaves. When I read the tea leaves about the global situation, the overleverage of the world, you name it, problems, I don't see any major changes and a positive impact for a couple of years, at least. So we're running our business on the basis that nothing good is, nothing positive from the outside is going to happen for us. And so we're controlling expenses tightly, and we're digging for revenue. And we're doing some really good things and we are improving with the business. We're getting productivity in our sales force, our bookings are up. Some of the flow-through rate is slow. We're having some cases, some slowdown in getting boxes to move from competitors where we've had some switchings going on. Everybody's holding on tighter to what they have. But net, net of that, the team's working hard, and our forecast for next year is the sum total of a lot of assumptions and a lot of people committing to make these things happen.
C. Richard Reese: Sure. Look, people ask me that question and I hate to sound like a broken record, we're going to be doing what I'm about to tell you about for 10 years. So it takes time and it takes - it's a repetitive sort of thing, but we're seeing impact. The strategy basically is in our core businesses, there's more market opportunity, but you got to dig deeper to find it. And so it's about how you segment the markets, and how you tailor your [indiscernible] segments. And frankly, just getting more sophisticated, and [indiscernible] is not been something that we've ever had to do, and that marketing is driven towards supporting our sales organization, which is driving our efficiency up. We're selling more dollars of revenue per dollar of cost. All those things we're doing to -- and that's just good blocking and tackling. So there's nothing that goes bingo, you light it up. This is not the kind of business we'll put out a promotion program and run an ad on the Super Bowl, and your revenue will go up. This is blocking and tackling, that we started I'd say a year plus ago, and we'll continue to do it. We're seeing impact. As you know, a positive there but it's still early, we're still in the investment cycle. We don't intend to increase it next year. If someone asked me why wouldn't you? And the answer is let see what we did, let's see it flow through, let's make sure it proves out, and if it does, maybe come 2013, we'll think about doing something else but, it's kind of where we are.
C. Richard Reese: The acquisition is the difference between the 5% and the 2%. The Polish acquisition we completed at the beginning of the year.
C. Richard Reese: And by the way, it's a large contract in a country in which we are rolling over as in we are firing the customer because we don't like the margin profile. But that impacts the services side, the core fundamental storage is still growing 5% range, and that's what we forecasted going forward. Once we've cycled through those numbers, you'll see the services growth rates pick back up. It's more of a math exercise relative to that.
C. Richard Reese: Sure. Healthcare, and this is primarily a North American phenomenon, where we have a bigger mix of healthcare than we do around the world. As you know, healthcare has gone through all kinds of changes, and healthcare is a business with us that's a relatively small amount of our storage, but a reasonable amount of our core services. And the activity rates on that have been coming off, frankly have been coming off for over 10 years. This is not brand new. But as I said, when everything else slows down in your business, you start to see some of these underlying things. As the healthcare, and the acceleration of it is the -- is our government spending somewhere between $45 million and $100 million of $100 billion to computerize healthcare records. What happens is, is the activity rates is their records age is coming off as they're going to the electronic medical record to find access on a patient care basis. Now, we've studied it carefully, and what you'll find is the we're still going through the early adopters cycle, they intend to drop their activity rate it tends to -- it's like an S-curve. It tends to come down and settle, because they still need access to those physical records for a variety of reasons, but about half of our -- we used to figure about half of our activity in that space was related to patient care events and the other half is related to billing audits and to research and all kinds of other things. The storage side of that business is holding up, because they're keeping their records, but those are becoming deader faster. And by the way, unfortunately, that'll -- we've really done some pretty deep customer -- of our customer analysis as to adoption rates and everything else. We've got a few more years to eat through that piece of the change. It's a very slow evolving thing.
C. Richard Reese: Yes, and look, our forecast -- we've said we're not in the business of trying to -- do economic forecasts. We're not -- if we were good at that, we wouldn't be working so hard. We'll make our money other ways. We are basically assuming the economies will be what they are or in other words, our activity patterns all over the same. The European business is, by and large, are not as active relative to storage as our North America business. It's a mixed business, mix and market maturity kind of issues of what people choose to outsource and so forth. And then -- and remember that our internationals is a combination of -- for the U.K., Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific and Latin America and then pull out some of the other parts of that, we call break. But we get still, a good strong growth in our emerging market segments, so those things. And although the core material markets are bigger, the likely decline or change in fluctuation in activity rates given their level of activity in general. Hopefully as long as the rest of the world, that is the emerging markets hold up. They'll likely cover those. I'm not guaranteeing it but, that's kind of how we think about it.
C. Richard Reese: A lot of variables in our business. We've made a commitment to our shareholders and we're going to meet that commitment. But other than that, I don't think I could give comment on what else we might or might not do.
C. Richard Reese: The reason I think is it's changed is, is look -- any prior period where we've seen significant economic weakness, quite frankly is, we were in a high acquisition mode and anything that was going on, on the margin, you didn't see that well, okay? Second is, so it may -- what I'm really saying is it may have happened and we didn't see it. In my lifetime, as I've said I've never lived anything as dramatic as this, and any bad recession we've seen is peanuts compared to this, and I'd like to say we were going pretty fast in the middle of it anyway. So I think it probably got masked. It's logical though, for that to happen in this case because if you think about what we do is on the way up for a customer, our whole portfolio of customers are growing. On average, they send us data that's say, probably on average, 18 months old. So on the way up, what they're creating today, since their activity of creation is higher as -- the larger they are, the more transaction, the more activity or what they're creating today, what they created 18 months ago was lower, okay, and we're getting at 18 months later, we're getting it today. But their service activities, halfway to retrieving, is directly related to the rate of creation. So on the way up, people create data. We see higher service transactions as they retrieve and deal with it and as the business activities going on, but we don't see the storage until later. And if they're moving up, it's 18 months later that they're building that we'll see 18 months at the best a bigger number out. I don't know if that makes sense, but that's the underlying trend. On the way down, it's just the opposite. We saw the service decline a year before. We saw the storage decline. Okay? On the way down, it's their service activities and their business, is coming down and they're not using information as much. And therefore, not creating residual archival data for us to store as much. We won't see the storage until later, and -- but we'll see the service when they're stop doing it. So I think those are the general trends that caused that. And quite frankly, Kevin, I've missed your second question so you might repeat it.
C. Richard Reese: And look, if you roll out over time, and look in the next 2 or 3 years, we expect to see continued pressure on the core services in North America for this trend. If the economy picks up, it will over wash it. The trend of our broad portfolio will over wash that. It might. The healthcare will keep that rebound suppressed a little bit, but it will wash over the negative side of it. If you look out into the broader future, one of the strategic reasons is a variety of reasons why we went with the Hybrid business, but one of them was recognizing that some of this will happen. I mean healthcare, you can see coming 10 years ago. It was easy to see where that business has to go, and so forth. And our DMS business or Hybrid business, growth rates will eventually [indiscernible] but I mean in terms of the size and magnitude will actually also get what that will contribute to the positive side of it. And our DMS business is, if you think about it, is the counter strategy to decrease inactivity records. One of the things that happens when they decrease the activity in their physical records is, the -- they change of the workflow processes, they apply different technologies and they also have to deal with a hybrid document, that is, they have to deal with legacy paper as well as often times current paper in a mixed environment. And that's what our DMS or Hybrid business deals with.
C. Richard Reese: So in summary, thank you for all for joining us in Q3 and year-to-date performance. As Brian just said and I don't totally want to repeat ourselves, we as a management team and a company actually feel good about what we're doing relative to the environment we're operating in. We're making significant progress towards the -- improving our business, towards meeting our goals in our strategic plan and we're staying very focused on how we think about these kinds of issues. This is a business that we are operating for the long haul, and we think we've got a good future ahead of us. So we want to make sure that we're prepared for it when the world changes either way that we can operate in it, and remain with consistent performance, which has been our hallmark for over quite a few years and we'll continue doing that. So thank you all for your support and thanks for your coming today. We ran a little bit over time. I'm -- trick to try to keep these to 1 hour. So we'll try to do better next time. So thank you very much.
Brian P. McKeon: We've identified the bulk of the changes that we need to make. I would say that there's always the potential that we, as we move things forward, there may be selective things that we might do, for example, facility consolidations or other changes in the plan. We'll try to highlight those for you. I think we're identifying the big changes right now and expect this will primarily hit in Q4. Our future outlook doesn't -- 2012 doesn't incorporate any additional charges. So the sum is -- this should be the bulk of it, and there's always a potential we may move from something forward, and if we do move something forward, it's something that would be tied to having an incremental benefit for us, and we'll make sure to highlight that discreetly for you.
Brian P. McKeon: Gary, that's what I was trying to answer. If you look at the storage rate, we've been very consistently, solidly in the 5% to 6% range. And the current quarter, we had an impact of rolling over. We had a large nonrecurring contract in Western Europe that we're rolling over as we look forward into next year.
Brian P. McKeon: It's very much consistent trends. I think what we're dealing with is excluding some of the changes in the paper pricing, which are very recent. We're targeting solid 5% growth next year in Europe. And the business performance has been excellent. It's consistently good growth, margin gains right on track, return on improvement right on track. We feel very good about the international business. So very consistent with our plans.
Brian P. McKeon: I'm not quite following your math. Let me try to lay out the progression of the margins, but we were on track for about a 200 basis point improvement this year in international, 150 year-to-date and we'll have additional benefit flowing through in Q4. That excludes the restructuring costs. Just want to be clear that we view with the restructuring as onetime in nature, and not impacting the underlying operations. As we look forward in next year, we're targeting another 150 to 200 basis point improvement. So and we would project to -- we're not talking about 2013 today, but we're expecting to continue on that trajectory consistent with our business plan. So we've had a very nice step up this year, expect to continue that next year. It's not quite as high as the math that you are backing into there, but definitely a significant improvement.
Brian P. McKeon: The bulk of the things that we're implementing on margin improvement -- I mean this has been a long-term strategy. So this isn't something that we've just started, I mean we've been positioning ourselves for this for some time. But it is within our control. This is operational improvements, cost initiatives, many of the things that we implemented in North America. So we feel very good about that. I think there's always the risk of impacts on the margin related to the economy. We can't control things like fluctuations in paper pricing and that can have some impact on the margin. We actually think we'll be able to manage that effectively next year, from a return point of view. But there's always the risk that you can have some pressure on the margin with services and --
Brian P. McKeon: Well, I don't know -- rates today are low, but yes, it's yesterday and today, but changes frequently. But we did a lot of optimization on our front and we'll always look at that. But I think we've termed out our debt pretty well, and don't have anything that's obvious in the immediate term. Which is something we'll always look at. But I think for right now, we're pretty -- we've done the work to position us well for the first phase of this initial payout commitment, and we'll continue to evaluate it but nothing significant right now that we'd -- makes sense for us.
Brian P. McKeon: It's about 10%. Healthcare, as a segment overall, is about 10% of the business. It's more service weighted, because it tends to be a more active file or ancient records, and that has been a headwind for us. I mean, we've seen double-digit declines in the service, active service revenue, around healthcare as expected, with things like x-ray going away. It'd been going away for quite a period of time as well as some of the shift to EMR. We have offsets to that in terms of things like Hybrid revenue growing and actually in our Hybrid business, healthcare is one of our fastest growing segments.
Brian P. McKeon: We basically take the most recent -- it correlates with the most recent reported SOP rates what's -- was in the little north of 200.
Brian P. McKeon: It's actually down year-on-year, so it is -- there are some seasonal impacts. You can see by the nature of the chart on Slide 14, that destructions, they're driven by episodic events, so let's say the overall trend in destructions has been quite stable coming off the peaks that we saw kind of in 2009. So I wouldn't read too much into the one quarter change. I will also, though, caveat that we always -- this is an area that you can have fluctuations driven by significant events.
Brian P. McKeon: The storage volume overall has been -- we certainly saw a decline coming out of our peaks at 2008, and the economic effects through 2009. I think since then our storage trends have been more stable. The -- this quarter, we've reporting it was about 2% year-on-year. North America was up. International continues strong. Pricing is in a consistent range. So really more consistency than different I think, what you're seeing on the trend here is more the transition from the high single-digit rates that we are at in 2008 and pre- the [ph] crisis to 2% to 3% range that we've been in more recently. So I think it's one thing to gives us confidence on our outlook is we do feel good about the storage side of the equation and stability there, and hopefully with some benefits from economic improvement and some pull through from some of our sales initiatives we can prove that over time.
Brian P. McKeon: It implies relatively stable margins, consistent with our plans, there's a little bit of pressure from the paper change, because that -- a big swing like that, to move over 25% in 2 months and that's that tends to pull right through to the bottom line in the short term. So we'll have some moderate pressure there but on balance, it's sustaining the high returns that we have. It's consistent with the business plan we've talked about. I would just take a step back and say overall in the business, we feel quite good about the margin side of the equation. We're managing North America, consistent with what we've discussed. We've got international on the right track. I think the growth side, we have some macro pressures from things like FX and paper. The underlying trends are where they've been and we're working through the tough economy. But I think on the margin side, we feel like we're executing very well, consistent with our plans.
