William Leo Meaney: Thank you, Stuart. And before turning it over to Q&A, I'd like to just briefly summarize some of the key points. First, we continue to execute well in our plan. We are pleased with the performance across all metrics, and particularly call out our organic revenue growth because this provides the fuel in the tank for the business. And putting this all together, it furthers the durability of our business model, the cash flow and dividend growth as well allows for investment for future developments. With that, I'd like to, operator, turn it over to questions.
William Leo Meaney: Good morning, George, and thanks for the question. It would be wrong to say that, that 0.2% uptick that you're seeing is from the middle market. That being said, you're right to say one of the areas where we're building kind of tailwinds to the business is the middle market, and we continue to be pleased in terms of the results we're getting it. I mean, in fact, actually before Investor Day, whilst I was in New York, I was calling on a financial service customer. And actually, through their independent agents, is that's another area where we're starting to look at offerings on where we can help support some of the people that support them. And that's clearly the smaller end actually, the SMB market. So, we're starting to build real momentum in that segment, but I think it would be too early to call out all the volume increase that we're seeing is coming from there.
William Leo Meaney: A lot of it comes back to almost what Stuart was saying before, because as we're actually getting better at new service offerings in the service area, we're providing solutions, and those solutions, the exhaust from a lot of those solutions are more storage. And I think I maybe mentioned this on previous calls, is that we're actually taking a page out of our playbook that we use when we started building our services in the emerging markets because many times in the emerging markets, where the category of storing documents is not well understood, our first offering for those customers was solving a specific problem and solution, and it was a service that we provided. And part of that service is we built a further relationship with them, and built more storage on the back of it. So I think what I would say at this point is that we are getting better with our sales force in the developed markets. As in the emerging markets, we always had to kind of approach it that way by getting them much more about solution selling rather than the transaction sales, and that's having benefits, both in the service as well as on the storage.
William Leo Meaney: I think that we're continuing to see good progress on that, but as I said at the last call, it will be lumpy. In other words, almost by the very nature of project revenue, so it's much easier predict on an annual basis than it is on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But we're starting to build real scale in that. So obviously, even the volatility will start looking smoother and smoother as we build a bigger base of project-based revenue. But if you think about the drag of the – or the downtick in the legacy transport business as the business becomes more about proof than use, then you can see that the performance that we have – we're very pleased with the strong positive internal sales performance that we had in service this quarter. And think of it about 50/50. In other words, 50% of that was through building a lot of these new project-based service offerings, and the other half was the growth in our shred and paper business. So it is clearly having a strong impact in terms of offsetting what was our – the predominant portion of our service portfolio, which was transport in the past.
William Leo Meaney: It's a good question, Karin. And rest assured, you can imagine we're watching it very closely. But I think, first, remember that we do have a very large service portfolio. So tax reform would be a real benefit for us because we pay full corporate taxes on still our service part of the business, which you can see in our structural tax rate, is not insignificant. So if we can get real tax reform, even – let's take what was proposed yesterday, but who knows what's going to finally shoot out, that would be a real benefit to us; that's kind of the first point. The second point I would just say, it is something that we're heavily engaged, both directly on our own steam as well as through NAREIT. So, for instance, I personally have been to Washington twice this year, and it's not because I like the place. But I've been down there twice since the beginning of the year with our government affairs people, as well who – and the person who leads our government affairs is a former tax attorney or is a tax attorney. So it is one of the key things that we focus on when we're on The Hill, as well as with NAREIT. And I was with a bunch of CEOs with NAREIT in late winter. And one of the things, particularly, that we are sensitive to, and it hasn't been clarified, is how the dividends that flow through the qualified REIT subsidiary, which are non-qualified dividends, how those are going to be treated under the new tax legislation, because the past, both we and NAREIT are very focused to make sure those dividends get treated at the same tax rate as the pass-through because it keeps it at a level playing field. So specifically, the one thing that did come out in the proposal that we saw yesterday is we would be continuing our lobbying efforts, both as Iron Mountain and through NAREIT, to make sure that non-qualified dividends coming through the REIT subsidiaries would be treated on the same basis as any tax rate for a pass-through.
William Leo Meaney: Actually, it would be both. I mean, first of all, I should say if something comes – starts developing in the garage that looks promising, it's actually a good news story. But we haven't built anything in because at this point, we're still in the exploration phase. But it would be both OpEx and CapEx. But then, if you look at it in terms of the total numbers that we're guiding to, it would be noise in those numbers. So it wouldn't affect, in any significant way, either our EBITDA or our CapEx guidance at this point. But we're just calling out that it's – we haven't baked that in at this point because we don't know how things develop in the garage.
William Leo Meaney: I'd just like to thank everyone for participating this morning. I know it's a busy season, and also for those of you that joined us last week at Investor Day, we hope you enjoyed as much as we did and, again, we appreciate your time. So, have a good morning or good afternoon wherever you are. Thanks.
