Brian P. McKeon: Well, as you know, it's early in the year, Andrew, and we are within the range. I think there is always noise on those type of numbers at the margin. As Richard said, we're off to a good start to the year. We feel good about the track that we're on and...
Brian P. McKeon: A couple of things. We're getting about 1 point benefit from fuel surcharges. It helps a little bit. The -- it's more similar trends than different trends. I think our International business is doing well, and I think the activity trends in International are relatively stronger than what we've seen in North America. I think North America has been a very similar place. We do record, as you know, some of the hybrid revenues through the -- we record some of that in our core service, the more recurring nature where we have more recurring projects, and that's a double-digit growth. We're doing very well on that front. So that's [indiscernible]. But on balance, more similar than different, but I think we do have some positives.
Brian P. McKeon: What's tough for us parse, too, is just obviously, the first quarter in North America, you had better weather. And I think when weather is bad, you hear about the negative side of it. When it's good, no one's saying that's helping to support performance. But that could be at the margin. Something is helping us a bit. I don't -- to Rich's point, I don't think we've seen kind of a change in the economic environment. It's more reflective of kind of what's going on underlying it.
Brian P. McKeon: It's very, again, very similar. I think you're looking at our encashment where we show kind of the quarterly numbers annualized. It's very similar in the U.S., kind of flat volume trends. We're seeing benefits from the sales and marketing initiatives that we advanced and that's helping us to stabilize the incoming volume, which was down a bit. And now, it's more in the stable zone in which we feel very good about. And international is in a similar zone of solid growth. There is some seasonality in the quarterly numbers. We do tend to see more add lots in the first quarter, and so when you seasonal-ize those numbers, that's part of the dynamic you see there, but it's a similar trend. We feel good that we've moved from where we had more pressure on our growth to where we're more stable and seeing positive flowthrough from some of the investments, and looking forward to building on that.
Brian P. McKeon: We have a lot of tools in terms of how we build new business and in some cases, we will acquire business, what we call a pick-up-and-moves. So basically, we're acquiring businesses from competitors without necessarily taking the real estate...
Brian P. McKeon: And that is an area where it's a similar judgment in terms of deploying capital and looking at returns, and we've had opportunities on their front, and that is an area that we'll continue to deploy to grow as well. And we understand the economics of those types of investments very, very well as you might imagine because it's clearly defined. And we can swab that into areas where we have excess capacity and help to manage our facility utilization. So that's what it's reflective of.
Brian P. McKeon: Strategically, we're increasing our focus on being more segmented in our offering by a customer vertical and looking across the scope of the services that we offer and linking that into our pricing strategy. So I think we're looking for ways to increase the value that we bring to customers and capture that through the pricing strategies. That's really the next wave. Building on what Richard said, I think we've got a very good foundational structure for how we approach pricing and are advancing the same strategy, and trying to look at ways to increase our value add through segmented approaches to growth. And that will be the next wave and where we might be able to get some incremental value out of our pricing approach.
Brian P. McKeon: You said a relatively similar range. I think it's less than 1% on the margin. I do think we're increasing our focus across a number of areas, including acquisitions in terms of growth. But I don't think it's a fundamental change from where we've been. We'll take a closer look at that. But it does go up and down depending on the nature of the opportunities that are out there. And I think we've seen a better pipeline more recently. This just tie into some of the themes that's Richard's talking about with -- in North America, more things being available for sale. This is a -- in many ways, a different form of the sale for smaller businesses.
Brian P. McKeon: We continue to own in the intellectual property management business, which is a great business for us, and it's roughly $30 million of revenues. So that was part of the digital business that was doing well.
C. Richard Reese: We don't like to predict things we don't see for sure either, Andrew, but basically, we didn't focus on making a change there. It's in the range.
C. Richard Reese: And Andrew, the International business is much less of its portfolio has any in healthcare in it. And healthcare is the major drag factor in North America.
C. Richard Reese: Yes. Look, no. I think International is more driven by the 7% storage growth, and that drags along with it more services. Newer records are far more active, and they age fairly quickly in terms of activity patterns. So the faster you grow on them, the greater the amount of newer records you got, and therefore the more active they are. And plus part of that activity is the charges of bringing things in, so if you're growing faster, you got more service activity to assess or bring things in. No, I don't think it's an economic impact. Although services have -- do respond to the economy quicker than storage. Storage growth is a real lag on an economic rebound. And like in North America, we've seen no real clear trends in the economy. And we expect to be an 18-month or so lagger there. On services, we would pick up a little faster.
C. Richard Reese: And that we spoke a little bit about the investment sales and market. It's a long cycle to see it come through. But we're seeing better performance. We're seeing better pipeline growth. We're seeing better conversion ratios. We're seeing a variety of things that make us feel like we've kind of pulled out of the bottom and we started back in another direction. But it's very, very slow cycle. And I really caution people that this is not a business that you can take sort of a data point and sort of draw line up or line down. It's a flywheel, it takes a while that move either way. But I think we feel like it's moving in a better direction now than it was moving in say, a year's plus or so ago. But I would -- again caution you, don't go re-forecasting things. You'll be absolutely wrong.
C. Richard Reese: Yes. What I'm really saying is I think we can keep our business overall growing in those ranges but build on a foundation of storage, annuity-based kinds of businesses in effect. And we're going through some shifts and changes. We've talked about healthcare restructuring itself. Look our healthcare business is growing, but the big service component is coming out of it, it was our most active business. It will take a while take for them to absorb. I know people believe that, that foreshadows what's going happen in the rest of the market. They're wrong. Not that -- we have records aren't going to get less active. Like we've announced, we have been doing that for 30 years, and they will for over the next 30, 40 years. But not at the same pace as healthcare. But we've got those headwinds, and those headwinds of healthcare will take a while for us to eat through, but we've got a bunch of other positive things and we got some new things in the hopper. And if we look out over the long haul, and we've done quite a bit of work on this and look at a very long period of time, what we're saying is we believe net-net, we have the opportunity set, and we have the tools, staying within our core business, not going throwing big, long passes or anything. Staying with that core business to keep the core -- keep our business, all annuity-based by and large, growing in the low single-digits. And that's why we talk a lot about confidence around the ability to sustain the flywheel and sustain the cash generation capabilities of the business.
C. Richard Reese: I have been saying around here for a couple of years that we're going to see -- if we're going to see another mini consolidation wave in North America and like everything else I predicted, it takes a long time for it to happen. That's our business. It's starting to happen. That is the nature in North America of just the -- the impact of the first consolidation wave was to consolidate the market, create a bunch of new competitors. Now, there's new competitors. We have a reasonable number of them. I have been out there a while, invested capital for a long time, and looking to monetize. It's just the cycle. I think we'll go through that cycle again. And we will play that opportunity cycle because unlike the last time when we were a driver of that cycle, we were building footprint. This time, we're not building footprint. We're building returns, and we're going to do it by -- if it's a great consolidation economics and it's a good, clean business, in a fair price to both parties, we'll do it. If it's not, we'll pass on it. And so on, okay? But we are in the market. But we want to make sure the market hears us that way, and if anybody's interested in selling, you can get my phone number, you know how to call, we'll talk to you. Now that's North America. International, although in certain parts of International, there's some of that same dynamic but a much smaller scale. The other part of International, it's about us being a bit more targeted around our strategy that says market leadership. Where we -- where there are great markets particularly those with lots of growth left. And yes, I've spoken before and now a lot of the emerging markets have a 20, 20 to 30-year cycle just like the North American and the mature European markets went through, of the one-time outsourcing decision that for customers to accumulate their existing records, to get it organized and move from inside to outside. That's the kind of a once-in-a-lifetime decision. And during that cycle, it takes a long time. It took us over 30 years in North America to physically move all those records and we only about halfway through it, okay. But that long cycle in the emerging markets and a good part of the International places like Eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia and so forth, is a very large business opportunity for us. And so we want to be market leaders in a good part of that space. We have leadership but quite a bit of it, but there are places where we don't. Brazil was a good example. And so internationally, we would be more targeted towards finding those place we can go ahead and achieve leadership, get to scale and ride that outsourcing conversion curve and then what we've been able to do on North America, build great returns and much bigger businesses. The International play gets a lot better over time. It just takes time for it to grow because each of those countries -- it's not like a foreign company -- country operation is not analogous to a city in North America. It's got a different overhead structure. It's got a different cultural bias. It's got a different way of selling. It's got variations. And the bigger you get, the better you get at adapting to those variations, the more efficient you get. There's just a lot of positive things come out of it. And like [indiscernible] fill out in our business, that takes patience. But now that we've done our portfolio review, we're in good shape. We're just going to keep adding to it. And so net-net, North America is more opportunistic strategy where the returns make sense. International is a more strategic M&A strategy where it is about driving leadership to drive returns.
C. Richard Reese: Well, you're really talking the capital allocation strategy going forward, and I'm not going to comment on that because that just gets wrapped up into the whole issue of what we do next. And so we'll talk about that sometime between now and June 9.
C. Richard Reese: Well, we restructured pricing in not all of our business, but a reasonable amount of our business in over the last say, 3 years or so, where we went to more list price and then discount off a list and try to rationalize pricing, and looked across the board at the value proposition, and so forth. That would be the sort of the, what you might call a big move in effect of things. And since then, if you think about it, we have a significant part of our revenue where it's a sort of on an annual cycle and we're going through those annual increases. But we also have a significant part of revenue that's on multi-year contracts that are indexed by-and-large, one way or the other inflation. But in the last few years, those indexes have been down and so that puts a limit on just the natural limit on price. The flip side of it is, if you believe we will see inflation in the future, we'll be well-protected on the way back up. So...
C. Richard Reese: We have not been in the process. I think, it was Brambles' choice. It's not that we wouldn't have been interested in looking because we would have. If I think for their own reasons, and probably good reasons, they chose that -- not to bring us into the process. So we're are sitting on the sidelines and watching like everybody else.
C. Richard Reese: And we -- as we go forward, we will use various tools that keep the drive and the sustainability of the business. As a company, the theme we said is, for this year and for our 3-year plan, is to refocus back on our core physical business. The reason we stated it that way is, looking prior to that, and it's not that we lost focus on the business, but there's a few tools we had put down and just weren't using, and this is one of them. We just -- we were not looking at any form or fashion to speak of -- particularly North America, the opportunity set that came up. And so we're just opening up and looking at those sort of things.
C. Richard Reese: There are some new services that we have introduced, and they're getting traction. But like everything, they take a long time. I mean, that's the good and bad side of our business. What I'm -- for example in the healthcare space is an approach to pathology customers. It's -- we've repackaged and come up with a better value proposition, and we're getting good traction on it. But it takes a few years before you see any major impact under that. So we're doing things like that, and it's more about the theme of vertical-izing our services and being much more specific around specific industry needs. And we had some other new service programs or new product programs related to our core in what I'd call beta phases. We're not going to pound a table on them for a while until they turn real, but yes, some of them look very promising, and some could be substantial big businesses over time. And so rather than coming out and hyping them, what we're going to do is go through some betas and get into the markets a little bit. And when we have some real results that's significant, we'll come back to talk to you about them, and so forth. And that's all part of us maturing as a company, learning how to look across our own customer base, and we've been evolving those skills in project management-type skills, and so forth, to be able to verticalize, to be able to be more creative and look for opportunity sets and custom-design what we do and then repeat it over and over, and so forth. And we're getting better at that. We'll have to keep getting better at it, and that's where a reasonable amount of money has been invested in the last few years, and I think we'll continue doing that.
C. Richard Reese: It's a small number. We -- because we shifted 100% of the sales force that sold the technology services, and chose not to rebuild that sales force. Having said that though, we are selling a lot more connected [indiscernible].
C. Richard Reese: And what we did was is -- frankly, at the request of my leadership in North America, they asked me to slow down on doing that. Not slow down on selling it per se, but on focus because what they found was that they really wanted to get their sales force refocused and requoted back towards the core business. We had -- the quarters in focusing on very much towards the new services side. And that's one of the reasons that storage started to come off and by refocusing and making people focused on going back and digging out the storage, they're doing it. We just didn't want to confuse people.
C. Richard Reese: And we've -- look, we were coming back. Some of those the beta services talking to you have a strong partner technology component potential. But we're going to take our time, and we're not going to spend a god-awful amount of money trying to do this stuff. So I think that's the last question, operator, in my understanding. So -- hey, I was right, we finished 5 minutes earlier, so that's a record for me. So thank you very much. As I said, the business is performing as we expected. We're off to a good start for the quarter, and hopefully, the rest of the calls this year will be equally good if not better, and so forth. We are really busy though. There's a lot going on between, I'd like to say looking at an acquisition pipeline and looking at -- and so forth. But the real focus of the, some of the organization, is on being prepared to have a conversation with you prior to June 9. And I know everybody's eager to hear us talk and we will be prepared, and we'll let you know, probably the day of or some number of, when we come forth and talk. So we look forward to talking to you again in the next couple of months. Thank you very much for your support, and we will talk to you later.
