Barry Hytinen: George, thanks for that question. Bill's got it right there on the revenue management within Global Rim. The timing of revenue management actions year-on-year is such that there was a bit of a shift in the first quarter. Last year, we had more of the revenue management actions in place right at the beginning of the year. And this year, we're back to our more normal cadence of kind of the Mark's time frame, generally speaking, in terms of getting them all into the market and realized. As it relates to how it performed, though in Global RIM for storage rental revenue growth is actually, to be clear, ahead of our expectations on the lines you're asking about. And in total, we delivered 7.5% total revenue growth in Global RIM. You'll recall last quarter, we mentioned that our guide for the whole year, assuming Global RIM at about 6%. So we're starting very well. There was upside in Global RIM principally driven off of services, but a little bit ahead, as I mentioned, on storage rental and of course, data centers off to a really strong start. So we feel very well positioned with respect to where we started the year, George, on both revenue management, total storage revenue as well as the full enterprise results. 
Barry Hytinen: And Nate, the only -- this is Barry. The only thing I would add is -- building on to Bill's point there at the beginning on volume. We are forecasting for volume to be up second quarter versus the first quarter. And consistent to slightly up for the full year as we've been saying for some time we're well on track with that forecast. And just as a reminder, we have never stored more physical volume than we are storing today. 
Barry Hytinen: Brendan, it's Barry. Thanks for that question. If we look at total ALM, we had $84 million of revenue. Now Regency, which, as you know, we just recently acquired was just over $32 million of revenue, as I mentioned on the prepared remarks. So that -- and by the way, that was very good performance. So that's on a run rate of nearly, let's call it, 130, you'll recall last quarter, I mentioned that embedded in the midpoint of our guidance, it was for Regency to be about 115. And so we are well on track with respect to that line. In terms of enterprise and hyperscale rest of our ALM business is performing quite well. As I mentioned, on an organic basis, ALM was up 25%, which was stronger than we expected. And I should note that ALM in total was about $10 million ahead of the expectations we have baked into our first quarter guidance. So it was a meaningful portion of the upside for the total. In enterprise and hyperscale, getting directly to your question now, volume and price were both up and we saw component pricing rising through the quarter with more of the increase late in the quarter. So as we sit here today in April, component prices have continued to rise as compared to where they were in the first quarter. And in our outlook, we continue to be, I think, prudent with our expectations that, that is likely to continue to rise, although we haven't baked in the kind of some of the levels of increase that you've seen from some of the industry analysts, which are very robust increases as we move through the remainder of the year. Volume is being driven by our strong cross-selling activity and increased penetration with hyperscale clients as it relates to decommissioning. In both cases, we see that continuing to trend up over time. So we're feeling really good about the way ALM is starting to track with it. 
Barry Hytinen: Jon, it's Barry. On the ALM question as it relates to where we might see continued outsized performance, I don't want to come across promotional, but it's basically all regions because we are seeing ALM component pricing rise on a global basis, and we're seeing continued volume growth around the world, particularly in the U.S., thanks to our continued cross-selling to our some of our largest Fortune 1000 type clients as well as partnering together with the great team at Regency Technologies, we're seeing strong growth there. And I think that will continue for some time. As you know, the ALM market is very large, it's highly fragmented, and we think we have a huge opportunity in that space. And I just want to underscore that we're really, really pleased with the way the Regency combination is already unfolding even in this early stage of the integration. 
Barry Hytinen: And Alex, it's Barry. Thanks for that question. You're doing the math right. It was up slightly on a dollar basis Q-to-Q. And I'll just note that as we said last quarter, on the decommissioning side, we had some clients last quarter that wanted to move some of their volume that they had been sitting on for some time. So there was a little bit of timing there. And frankly, I think we also saw in light of the way pricing was moving both from the end of the fourth quarter through the first quarter that some of our hyperscale clients were actually deferring some of the remarketing until later in the quarter in light of the fact that they wanted to like we did as well capture the better pricing that we've been seeing. As I mentioned earlier, the pricing really did ramp later in the quarter and continues. So the trends in that business are quite good. And what that results in is we had a little bit of mix in legacy IT renew business. I will note, however, that the enterprise business was up nicely on a sequential basis. And of course, in light of the cross-selling activity and the bookings that we've been talking about in that business and knowing that it's not the kind of remarketing. It's just a very straight service oriented. I am expecting the enterprise business to continue to grow quarter-to-quarter and, frankly, the hyperscale as well. So thanks for that, Alex. 
Barry Hytinen: Yes, Eric, I would just add on and thank you for the compliment, by the way, on how the data center business is continuing to progress. The team is doing a phenomenal job. But I would just add on that we have multiple land parcels that we are in active negotiations with. We were looking at multiple sites. And importantly, that is embedded in our capital spending that we've been planning, as Bill alluded to, to continue to add to the land bank kind of continuously year in and year out. So that's embedded in the capital. 
Barry Hytinen: Jon, it's Barry. Thanks for that question on the integration and tuck-ins. First thing I'd say is the integration is going very well. No integration, I would ever say, is easy because, of course, combinations of companies are -- it is complex. However, I think our team is doing a very, very good job, and I alluded to in the script, that we are ahead of plan, and we are seeing more benefits in terms of operational efficiencies, driving better margins, improved capabilities. And that's credit to the team we picked up at Regency Technologies because they have a best-in-class capability as it relates to processing and recycling. And Bill and I were recently in our largest facility in Ohio with the team of Regency Technologies. We saw a lot of great processing going on, a really dedicated team. I was in our Atlanta Regency facility last week, and saw the integration underway and we continue to see a lot of incremental capacity to utilize as we build out our ALM customer base. And as it relates to additional tuck-ins, I would say now that we've built the platform of both hyperscale, decommissioning as well as combining with Regency, tuck-ins are definitely something we are continuing to look at. It is to use your phrase, it is not too early to be considering them. We have a list. But of course, everything is fact and circumstances driven. We like to make sure we're getting things at a very appropriate multiple and that we can see clear growth aligned with our business and that it will be incremental to our franchise. And -- but I think that there are opportunities booked in the U.S. and throughout the world actually as we build out our ALM capability to be a global partner to our large client base. 
William Meaney: Okay. Thanks, Nate. I'll give you the -- in terms of volume, we continue -- it's a rock-solid business in terms of RIM volume, and we continue to see that to flat, slightly up. So we don't see any change, and you can see that in our supplemental, we don't see any change in that trend, and we continue to feel really good about that. And in terms of the pipeline on data center, it's extremely strong. You see we're off to a good start. We guided 100 megawatts for the full year. We're 30 megawatts in the first quarter, and we have a very strong pipeline as Barry alluded to in terms of Arizona, for instance, in terms of building out the third site in Phoenix. But across the globe, we have a very, very strong pipeline. So we're expecting another very strong year, benefiting from the strong macro environment around data centers, especially with the growth around AI applications. 
William Meaney: Okay. So maybe I'll start, John, and then Barry can give you some more color on ALM. On the data center side, I think we covered pretty much what we said in the last quarter, we see those trends continuing. So think of it as a couple of hundred basis points above the historical cash-on-cash return. So you're kind of looking at the 9 to 10 on hyperscale and then your -- I guess your question was more around hyperscale. So if you think about in terms of cost of capital, then we've -- basically, it's slightly ahead of what we've seen in the cost of capital with the run-up in interest rates. So the spreads are still positive in terms of the cost of finance, in terms of what we've gotten for cash-on-cash returns on the new leasing that we're doing. I mean that's due to the macro environment, as you know very well, in terms of -- it's a very, very strong market for data center, and we see that in our results. 
William Meaney: Thanks, Eric, for the question. Yes. So I think let me kind of break out your question in 2 parts. From a capital standpoint, we're very much within our multiyear plan that we laid out at the Investor Day. So in terms of our ability to fund it, as I said, earlier is that we have a fully funded plan and that we don't see any issues between the strength that we have in our traditional records management business that generates as you know, tons of cash that we then -- after paying the dividend, we actually flow into data center and growth areas. And then, of course, the strong growth we're getting in EBITDA gives us plenty of debt capacity to continue to fund that growth. So in terms of the funding side of it, as you say, it's a high-class problem. But you can imagine even when we were putting the plans together and we do our budgets is we look at upside and downside in terms of demand. So we're pretty comfortable that we can continue to fund the growth that we're seeing. In terms of the footprint, you're right to point out that we're going to be full and for instance, in our Manassas campus fairly soon. And we've talked about that we're already starting construction on our third campus or our third data center in Phoenix. And we're building out the Madrid campus. We're adding to the Amsterdam campus London 3. We started off with 1 data center. Now we're in 3. We have 2 data centers in Frankfurt. So you're right to point that out. But I think you can imagine that we, right now, we feel very confident that we have in our pipeline to acquire more land that's in excess of the 100 megawatts for instance, that we guided this year. So we feel really good about the land bank strategy that we have in terms of what we have in the acquisition pipeline for land over the next -- for the rest of the year that will be ahead of our leasing activity. 
William Meaney: Okay. Thanks, Jon. I'll take the question in terms of government contracting. And Barry, as you know, runs our M&A shopping. So I'll let him talk about both the integration with Regency as well as the pipeline in terms of further roll-ups. I think in terms of the sovereign contracting or government side of the business, is that we work for -- we work with a number. As you noticed that I highlighted a couple this time with United Kingdom, we do quite a bit in the United States, we also do quite a bit in other parts of Germany, including France and in -- yes, in other parts of France and Germany. And you're right, the relationships -- first of all, it's like anything else, it's a relationship building to make sure that you get into the queue. And you're right to point out that many times, these things lapse 12 months. In other words, they start talking to you before they get into the budgets and the budgets for the following year and you go through a tender process. But we feel pretty good about -- I mean, we've got teams that are very experienced at that. I think it's actually an opportunity for us because you can imagine we pick our places that we decide to play because you do have to have a 24-month horizon when you're going after that kind of business. So we typically go to the -- both the parts of government and the governments or states where we think that there's enough of a volume to do. So I think there's more for us to do and we're continuing to add to our teams in that area. And of course, you have to put very strong compliance around it, right? So -- but it is a strong part of our business, and it continues to grow. And it's a strong part -- and of all of our businesses. It's not just on the records management or the digital side, it includes data center. 
