William Meaney: Okay. I’ll let Barry answer the last one in more detail. I think the answer to – the short answer to your question is, yeah, we continue to like the idea of third-party capital for stabilized assets. But I’ll let Barry give you a full answer on that. On the first one, in terms – so, thanks for the question, Eric, on innovation and the importance of that, not just in a post-COVID world, but absolutely in the current environment. We continue to see traction on some of the things I highlighted last time in terms of what I call remote collaboration and collaborating remotely. Like I gave the example last time I think on unemployment benefits, where we’re actually facilitating folks to be able to be working away from home and both receive the application for unemployment and approve it, and then, also some of the areas around mailroom which, again, I think I highlighted last time. One area I would add in addition to that, so we continue to see more and more traction for those kinds of solutions. One area too that we’ve seen, a good uptick in the recent past is what we call our Clean Start program. And the Clean Start program is something that we launched a year ago, which is really helping people to re-imagine their needs to their office space, and get information flows to be more seamless when they’re at work, and then, also to get things off site for things that they don’t need around the office and it allows them to work in a much more flexible way. When we came into COVID that actually got – the brakes got put on that, because part of the Clean Start was, we would go into offices and do surveys and help – working with their real estate people to help them re-imagine and rebuild their work processes. And some of that, the exhaust of that process, obviously, is storage, but also some of the other services that we provide is Iron Mountain. When we got into the crisis, our real estate team product management, sales and marketing team collaborated and they created a Clean Start kit in a box, if you will. So what we’ve done is we’ve been able to put that together in a kit that allows us to deliver the same type of assessment in survey virtually without actually going into their offices. And we just recently, for instance, had a very large win with a global insurance company that was selling part of its insurance portfolio to a life insurance company, where we not only did facilitated moving sensitive records, many containing PII or Personally Identifiable Information across to that new owner of those policies and that information, but transfer a number of their employees across and at the same time help them repurpose the real estate footprint that they were left with. So it was kind of real estate optimization, helping them transfer a business to another person, transfer of people and then take a step back and say how can we actually improve the information flow in what they have left. So it just gives you another flavor of the types of things that we’re finding out there.
William Meaney: Oh, okay. Hey, Adam. Thanks for the question. A couple of points there, I would say, look, our service business performed better throughout – in the quarter than we had anticipated. As you know, on the last call, we noted that we thought we’d use April as a proxy going forward for the entire second quarter. April and May, generally speaking, really across the world and across our various service activity lines were very consistent. Shred was down kind of high 20%s in April, about 30% in May. It also recovered just like directionally the rest of the business was down in the vicinity of 10% on activity basis in June and kind of stayed at that level in July. I would say that, that trajectory of improvement in June, as I noted, was really pervasive across all of our activities. As it relates to paper price, in particular, the way I would think about this, Adam, is on our last call, we were – well, in the first quarter, we had a $10 million hit to EBITDA from paper prices, as you recall. In – on our last call, we thought that we would have kind of low- to mid-single-digit dollar decline as a result of paper price for each of the next couple of quarters. We actually had a $2 million positive to EBITDA as I mentioned on the call. Now, I will say that paper prices have been very volatile and have been declining quite significantly over the last couple of months, you’ve probably seen that in the industry data, I know you follow that. And so our view for the back half is that it will be basically neutral year-on-year as it relates to EBITDA. So thanks for the question, Adam.
William Meaney: Yeah. The only thing, Nate, I would add on the pricing side, because I think your question, regarding your questions a little bit, in this environment, do you still – are you still seeing the same stickiness? The thing that – we knew that we were an essential business based on government authorities. As I said, even at the peak, we were 96% of our facilities were open around the globe. Now it’s 100%. But the one thing that we’ve seen is that we’ve been able to continue to get the price increases that we expected, our customers really see us as essential as well. And that was further reinforced. I think, Barry highlighted in his introductory remarks that in the month of June, not only the DSOs go down year-on-year, but the month of June with lower sales, we collected more cash than we did June last year. So in other words, people really do see that our services are essential to keep their businesses up and running. So we haven’t seen any really noise around the price increases that we were able to achieve last year in the current environment.
William Meaney: Thanks, Jon. It’s good to hear this morning. So I think first of all, the market extreme – both of those markets extremely well. So first on Singapore, we’re continuing to keep an eye on it, because, as you probably realize, we’re tracking on a track that we’re going to be sold out in Singapore pretty soon. So you’re right that the government has put a pause on it. We have heard the – it just so happens that our head of Asia data centers is a Singaporean based in Singapore. So he stays pretty close to the government. We are seeing that the government seems to be making noises to relax that a little bit sooner than they initially guided, say, a year ago. So we’re optimistic. And obviously we’re starting to or have been for a number of months now looking at how we could actually expand our footprint in Singapore. As I said the – we’re well on track to fill out the old Credit Suisse data center fairly soon. On Amsterdam, interesting, we have actually quite a bit of land permitted. So we’ve been less engaged with the government trying to relax that. On the other side, it’s exactly as you said is, we’ve seen even a number of people who have their own data centers in the Amsterdam market, for instance, coming in and starting to look to add capacity in our facilities, because of the permitting issue that you’ve described. And obviously, Amsterdam is a highly connected market in our facility as a high level of connectivity within it. So it’s actually playing through our strength, because we have the capacity in – but the rest of the market is constrained.
William Meaney: Okay, Sheila. Good morning and thanks for those questions. First off, we feel great about how Summit is doing. I think, the team is very aligned and they’re very focused on delivering. I think the total company is energized by the fact that this is really an opportunity to transform the company and support our customers that much better. In terms of how it’s stacking up, the second quarter of $40 million benefit year-on-year was right in line, if not a little bit ahead of what we were expecting. So we’re at $65 million year-to-date, obviously, those are elevated levels as compared to what we were expecting earlier as we increase the benefit this year last quarter. So we’re well on track to deliver $150 million of benefit this year. My guess is that next year, we will have another $150 million to $200 million of incremental benefit. And we’ll exit next year at a run rate that has all of the benefits the entire $375 million by 2022. So a little small amount of incremental benefit there in 2022 to plan for your models in terms of where it’s coming from. It’s generally been thus far, probably in the vicinity of 70%, 75% from SG&A and the balance and cost of sales. You’ll notice you’re looking at our performance this quarter, our cost of sales, obviously, down a lot more and that reflects the fact that we made those temporary cost cuts that we talked about in the form of furloughs and et cetera. Going forward, I think, you’ll see even more of Summit coming from a more balanced approach across the income statement. As initially as Bill, as commented before, the first rounds of summit were really in the SG&A area. There will be more going forward. But I think as a relative basis, sort of last quarter, we talked some about the SLA changes, which by the way, are going very, very well. Those will continue to stack incremental benefits going forward. And some of that, obviously, will be in the cost of sales line. As it relates to the tax refund, I think that was the last question. We did have about $27 million of cash refunds in the quarter as compared to prior year. Last year, we actually paid more on a cash basis. So if you’re looking at AFFO, it’s almost a $35 million swing year-on-year. That’s one time. And we – those are for prior-year refunds that we received during the quarter. So thanks for those questions, Sheila.
William Meaney: On the records business, yeah. So, look, the customer churn is actually we think a little bit lower than normal than we would see. So that’s when I made the comment in my introductory remarks that when we kind of normalize in a post-COVID world on one side, we would expect a pause. In other words, we don’t expect the same drag on incoming volume, but on permanent withdrawals is that we saw a downtick in this quarter, because people are not in the office or making active decisions to actually withdraw. So we expected to kind of revert back to the normal levels. But if you kind of look at overall volume, I think the question behind your question is, what do we think is going to happen to volume when we get out of COVID. So on one side we would expect permanent withdrawals to go up, back to normalized levels. But on the other side is we would expect the incoming volume from our customers to come back up. And so that gives you kind of a bit of science around that if it’s helpful. Let’s first of all, kind of anchor on what we see with our customers right now in this environment in terms of activity. So last week when I was in New York, in New Jersey, and had to catch up with one evening with the President and Chief Operating Officer of a large global bank that’s based in New York. And we were comparing notes on how many people come back to the office, et cetera. And what he shared with me is that at the depth of the crisis, say, in April, they had less than 3% of their workforce coming into the office. And whether you’re standing – when I was meeting with them last week in July, they had invited 20% of the people to come back, and only 6% came back. And you’re probably seeing similar things in BAML. So then, let’s kind of say, how is that translated in the activity we see in terms of incoming boxes; when I say that, where are we going to end when we have COVID in the rearview mirror? So if we look at incoming boxes in April, so if you remember, like in their case, only 3% of their people, less than 3% of their people were coming into the office. We were down 58% in North America. If I’m just taking North America as an example as that is a proxy, we’re down 58% on incoming box volume. If we look at the quarter, as Barry mentioned, we’re down about 47% overall in North America in terms of incoming box. Now, if you looked at July, we’re down about 38%. So basically July is about a 20% improvement from what we saw on average in Q2. So if we were down, say, 4 million, 4.5 million cubic feet, due to – in Q2 from our records management business, or net, we said minus 3.8 million cubic feet, we were 4.5 million cubic feet worse than normal. But let’s say, we were down negative 3.8 million cubic feet, then we would say that based on a 20% – the 20% improvement that we’ve seen in July is worst-case scenario. You project that forward is we’re down about 3 million cubic feet a quarter, right? So that’s 12 million cubic feet on an annualized basis. Now, we don’t expect it to plateau at these levels, obviously, because we’re still only running it in financial services, less than 6% of the people that are coming to work. But with – even if we plateau at the current levels, we’re seeing is you’d be a 12 million annual drag, a negative 12 million annual drag on our records management business in terms of physical storage. And that’s before adding consumer back in. So when you net it all out is that worst case, especially with the offset that we get from consumer, is that we think that adding, our normal price of 2% to 3%, it’s manageable, where the most likely scenario is we’ll continue to see improvement, people will start – I don’t think we’re going to stay at 6% of the workforce coming to the office, it will go back up. And that’s why we said in our remarks is we expect in a post-COVID world is will be kind of flattish to slightly up in the records management business, and then consumer will drive additional growth on top of that. I don’t know if that’s helpful.
