William Meaney: George, thanks for the question. So yes, I think overall, if you think about it in the traditional areas, our service revenue growth was quite strong. If you look at just in the RIM business is our Global Organic RIM services grew at 14%, again on an organic and constant currency basis. So very, very strong growth. If you look it on the ALM side, which is where you see the downdraft is, as I've said in my comments, is volume in this quarter was up some 30% year-over-year. So we're actually seeing the synergies -- the commercial synergies that we have as a company and as Barry mentioned, we just signed a new OEM customer as well.  So we see really good traction on the volume side. But on the pricing side, if you probably have seen in the electronics industry, some of the components are down 70%. So whilst we still have positive gross margins on that business, is the revenue is heavily impacted by what we've been seeing across the semiconductor industry in terms of record-low pricing.  So I think that it's really a two world. So as I say, from a -- even ALM business on a volume basis has shown traction, but it is a downdraft in terms of the overall service revenue. But the traditional areas, I would say, in terms of RIM, also, if we look at our digital services, we're also up year-over-year in the high teens, really good progression.
William Meaney: Okay. Well, thanks, Jon, for the question. So the -- and I was actually involved in a couple of these, so I could probably give you more color on them. The sales cycles, for instance, the aerospace company that we talked about was like over a year, but this is a company that we've been doing bits of work for decades, right? So it's a natural conversation that they start talking about, well, they want to actually do something different. And this speaks of case, they actually had an in-house vendor for part of it but that company wasn't able to do the full range of services. As I said, they were looking for someone to really takeover of full outsourcing and they're very sensitive, right? Because if one of these things goes missing, aircraft around the world get grounded. So they were very, very sensitive about the security and the reliability of their vendor.  And then the other side of it, obviously, they've known us for decades in different areas that are very sensitive to them. And we were able to bring a full range of services that we're able to do, not just the storage, not just the digitization, but also to give them the tools that they could visualize what was both stored physically and what was digitized and they could do that in a consolidated basis. In other words, they could do that and see that anywhere in the world.  So that was a huge win for them. Now you can say the sales cycle was like over a year. I think I've been visiting with the sales team at customer for over a year but it's been part of an ongoing conversation, and that's the power of having the 225,000 customers that we've had decades and decades of relationship.  The government one, which I mentioned, which -- 2 of them, one was in the U.K. and one was in the -- with the United States government. For the folks that have been following the company for quite some time, we've been talking about the government sector as being our huge potential for Iron Mountain. And it was slow-going at the beginning because government contracts, as I'm sure you're aware, have very long lead times. But both of those have been customers that we've actually been working for the last 2 or 3 years with -- so again, we were -- there was a big investment, I would say, starting 5, 6 years ago with both the VA and with the British government in certain segments. But that's again now starting to become more of a normal course.  So one level is the conversation started 5 years ago, but now it's just a regular course of business that some of these things are as short as 3 or 4 months' lead time where they come up with a statement of work and because we already have a track record, and we're able to do that.
William Meaney: I appreciate the question. Let me take your last question on the dividend, and then I'll let Barry comment on the funding plan. And as you know, our plan from -- when we talked about Investor Day, it's a fully funded plan, but I'll let Barry comment on that more.  On the dividend, you're right to point out is we are now in that zone when we said kind of low to mid 60% payout ratio, which becomes a natural forcing function for increasing our dividend. So that's something that we're now starting to settle into that range. So you can expect that it will just become a natural course of events as we get to that payout range, which on the REIT guidance rules just force as a natural increase in the dividend. So I think we're now in that area. So I think when we start getting into the back half of the year, and we start drifting down to the low 60s, then I think you can expect just a natural progression in the dividend.
William Meaney: Thanks, Eric. And I'll ask Barry to talk about how we think about being flexible or responsive on the CapEx side. But I think generally, yes, we've had a really good start, as you point out the year. We reiterated the 80 megawatts plus for the full year, even though that we've achieved more than half of that in the first quarter because I think as you can appreciate, especially with hyperscale, there's a little bit -- the timing is never fully under your control.  So I would say that we -- some of that -- the new leases that we signed in Q1 were things that we expected in Q2. So I kind of think of it as 2 halves of the year rather than quarter by quarter, just especially when you're talking about hyperscale clients and we had 1 hyperscale client in Q1 that signed up in 2 different contracts for 44 megawatts. In terms of having enough capacity for further expansion, you see we're holding like up to 747 megawatts of land, which is a big uptick from where we were a year ago, but we are making really good progress. So we're constantly -- we're not standing still in that regard.  I mean just in the last couple of months, I visited both our Northern Virginia campus with a potential customer and now done 2 trips with our Indian team since the beginning of the year. So both of those markets continue to develop. And we're not standing still in making sure that we have more land and more capacity to meet our growth. But if you think about just year-on-year, the uptick that we have in terms of the land bank that we have and sitting on 747 megawatts is that we feel good for the next number of quarters that we can accommodate the demand. But Barry, you might want to talk about how we think about the flexibility around CapEx.
William Meaney: No. Thanks, Brendan. It really is -- first and foremost, Project Matterhorn has being customer-centric. So what we try to do is make sure we bring full range of Mountain range of services that we have to, to our customers. And if you probably got picked up on a sense is there is a big service component in some of these wins, especially around the digital side. But it's also a big co-location and physical storage. So it's almost -- if you think about even the aerospace company that I've referenced a couple of times in the Q&A and also in my remarks, is there is everything from physical storage to digitization to visualization of their assets. So there is a -- it's a full breadth of the different types of storage solutions we have.  But I think you can expect like and even if you look at our physical -- our organic storage rental revenue growth of 11%, a part of that is, as we said, 9.5% of that growth rate came from our traditionalized physical storage business a bit, but a big part of that came from our data center growth as well. So we see kind of a -- we still see storage. It's one of the most profitable part of our business. We still see that whether it's data center storage or physical document storage and other types of physical storage driving a big part of the growth of the business. But when we actually go talk to a customer, and it's really about helping the customers solve their problem, then it's usually a hybrid set of solutions, which quite frankly, differentiates us when -- even on a data center deal or a physical storage deal.  They really see Iron Mountain as someone that can be a one-stop shopper relatively few stops to actually solve the problem that they're trying to solve rather than what we're trying to sell.
William Meaney: Thanks, I appreciate you coming back on. So no, so it's pretty much the same trend that we've seen. So if you think about on the record business on that side is in places like North America that are mature, I would say, it's flat to slightly down in terms of volume. Eastern Europe and some of the emerging markets, it's continued positive volume trend. And as you and I've talked about, it's really about the maturing of the markets. But at the same time, every single customer around the world is continuing to send us new, what I would call, document storage as we come into our facilities. But the growth areas, our combination is, as we've discussed before, is whether it's kind of in Eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific as well as some of the new storage areas that we're doing for our customers. So expanding what their needs are around physical storage.  So the business, as you noticed, is that -- continue to build positive volume. We continue to have very high utilization across our industrial real estate footprint. So really hats off to the team as they're continuing to provide what is a key platform or a key need for our customers around the whole physical storage pain point that our customers have across the industry. Even the aerospace company that I keep referring to is a big part of that, was providing secure physical storage, which before we weren't doing for them, but because we bundled it with a solution of really end-to-end solution around their information management and digitization of some of those assets, and we can do that seamlessly by storing those documents in our facilities for them. Even in a mature market like the United Kingdom had unlocked new storage opportunities.  So it's really part of now a broader conversation of the Mountain range that we have with our customers. And you can see the numbers, it continues to kind of move forward. So thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Yes, George, it's Barry. Thanks again for the question. The only thing I would -- only a couple of things I would add is I think the team, to Bill's point on our Global RIM is doing phenomenally well. And I think that's the way I would point you to look at the services because, of course, the ALM business is masking our total growth there in terms of what's happening with respect to the core. And at that 14% growth rate that Bill spoke about, that is up against some really big comps. So it's -- I mean, it's a very strong performance, and it is driven by the point that he made, the digital solutions as well as other core offerings, which are all growing for us.  The other thing I'd kind of call out is it's a small factor, but as you know, we were doing fit-out services in data center in the first half of last year. We completed that in the second quarter. And so that makes the year-on-year comp hard just as we explained it would be. So that is another factor that's weighing on that services total growth rate that you were pointing to. I think as you move through and get into the -- see us getting into the back half, you'll see that growth rate accelerating meaningfully as we get beyond the challenges with respect to ALM and the pipeline that Bill was speaking about really comes to fruition and then we also get beyond that data center services comp in the first two quarters. Thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Appreciate the question. We feel very good about where we're trending. In fact, the first quarter came in right in line, if not a little bit better than what we were expecting in our guidance for the second quarter is similarly and that is despite the fact that we've adjusted our expectations for ALM down some in the second quarter. And the reason we're able to achieve the numbers that we're putting up in the second -- that we're projecting for the second quarter and our confidence in the back half is because of a couple of things you just pointed out.  We are seeing even better revenue management projections in the business. We have, as you've seen in our Global RIM business, we have very strong storage rental growth on an organic basis, almost 9.5%, which marked an acceleration sequentially and year-on-year. Our total organic storage rental growth was over 11%, which was also very strong.  And I will tell you that in light of the fact that we are going to see more revenue management activities we've recently passed some here even in the second quarter, and we'll be passing more as we move through the year, together with the fact that data center pricing continues to improve, and that's an industry phenomenon. You will see, together with that, our commencements are very strong in the back half. So data center will be accelerating as we get into the back half. And as you know, there's very strong visibility on that business. So it's a high confidence point that I'm making there.  So we feel very good about where we are. In terms of -- you mentioned the specifics around second versus the -- quarter versus second half. I'll just note that in light of the timing of the U.S. dollar strength, we still have an FX headwind in the second quarter. In the first quarter, that was almost $30 million of topline. But as we said on the last call, and I'll reiterate, that becomes much more muted, in fact, may even be a slight tailwind in the back half.  We also get through a few items that are in the first half from an EBITDA standpoint. As you know, we did some sale leasebacks last year and we comp over those as we move into the back half and with our productivity initiatives and additional commercial investments we've made, we get to a more favorable comp in the back half from those as well.  So I'll tell you, Kevin, we feel very well positioned about accelerating business even with more muted expectations around ALM.
Barry Hytinen: Okay. So thanks for that question. I think our team is doing a phenomenal job with revenue management. It's been a real standout. When you look at Global RIM in terms of its storage rental organic growth that was almost 9.5%. And as you know, we saw good solid volume trends. It was up about $2.5 million on a cube on a trailing 12-month basis.  So as you can gather from that, the vast majority of the growth was driven by revenue management. And importantly, we feel very well positioned in terms of the whole year. And I'll tell you that in terms of the total storage rental growth rate that we put up 11%, which is, of course, benefited by data center commencements with what we see on data center commencements through the remainder of the year.  Together with the revenue management activities we've already put in place and additional that we have going into market over the next few months, I feel very confident that we are going to continue to see total company organic storage rental growth of this order, I think, 9%, 10%, 11%.  And that the environment for revenue management continues to be strong. We will have relatively more revenue management this year, Shlomo, than we did last year. And that is a factor of both what we're wrapping from last year as well as the activities we've had in this year.  Importantly, we continue to see excellent customer retention, and I think that just demonstrates that we are bringing forward very significant value for our clients in these areas. In terms of mix, I would say we continue, as we talked about before, to expand the revenue management program beyond just storage. So you are seeing improving revenue management trends in our services, and that's generally across all line service in our core offerings and so we feel like it's on the right trajectory, Shlomo.
Barry Hytinen: Thanks for the question. When you work through our guidance, as Bill mentioned, as we discussed at the Investor Day, we have a fully funded plan for this year and going forward. And as you know, we will be a routine debt issuer, and while the market has clearly been moved up in terms of rate over the last couple of years with the Fed moves, I would say it's become much more -- it's an improved market as compared to where it was over the last couple of quarters, and we see generally a favorable outlook from a standpoint of issuance. And I think from a standpoint of where we could issue today, that's improved some versus the last couple of quarters.  And to your point, there's a lot of interest in asset-level financing, whether it be for construction or otherwise. And so we're looking at all those options and making sure that we have the best plan for our shareholders. But it's not something that we have to do, as you see, we have plenty of liquidity, but you should expect us to be an issuer on a routine basis. I want to just kind of continue to see what's out there from a market perspective. Clearly, rates are a little bit higher than where they were a couple of years ago, but we still see them being very attractive and partly because pricing in data center has continued to lift and we see continued improvements.  In fact, year-on-year, net new retail-type data center deals we're seeing up like 20%, pretty much consistently across our entire portfolio, and that's trending more toward, I think, by the end of the year, early next year going to be about like 30%. And so that is a pretty significant move.  And then importantly, on hyperscale side, I think the whole industry is generally seeing cash-on-cash unlevered returns moving up, I think something like where a lot of folks were writing in the high 7s or mid-7s, I'm seeing a lot of stuff that's in the 8s, if not even higher. And so I think that's a good trajectory for the industry. It's healthy and it supports the point that I was making earlier. So we feel really good.
Barry Hytinen: Alex, I appreciate the question. I'll give you a little bit more of the detail, which you could find in our filings. So in the fourth quarter of last year, our total ALM business was about $56 million. And in the first quarter, it was $41 million. And so -- and that compares against $70 million last year. Now as I talked about previously, the second quarter of last year was in light of the timing of lockdowns and the pricing trends by the end of the year, second quarter was the peak for our ALM business at $83 million of revenue. We've assumed in our guidance for the second quarter that revenue is consistent with the first quarter this year. So that is a drag on, of course, the services growth rate in the first quarter, and it will be again in the second quarter.  At the -- if you wanted to sort of sensitize our guidance, I would tell you at the low end of our range, which I did not anticipate this is what's going to happen, but just at the low end, we would assume that it just is flat at this level of revenue for the whole year. I really don't see that happening in light of the very strong pipeline opportunities we have in the trends we're seeing in the business. But that's conservative posture for the low end.  What we think is probably going to happen is we will be slight to -- slightly up sequentially. We're running a little bit ahead here already in the second quarter of the projection I'm giving you. And then in the second half, the way we're planning is for the third quarter to be essentially flat year-on-year. So that implies a little bit of a lift and another lift in the fourth quarter. But I will tell you that we have pretty strong confidence in our ability to do that. And I called out 1 deal on -- in the prepared remarks around OEM, and maybe I'll give you a little bit more color. This is a situation where we're dealing with one of the largest manufacturers of devices in the world.  There are several of those, as you know, and we're approaching all of them because what we're finding with large multinationals is very similar to our core enterprise clients. These companies are looking for a partner who can work with them everywhere they do business all around the world. They're currently using a lot of point players in very specific markets on a local basis, and they'd like to have more uniform standards and consistency, and we can provide them with the sorts of services they're looking for things like data [indiscernible], recycling, remarketing. Ultimately, we'll be working with them on things like asset tracking and storage, IT asset management, things of that nature.  So it's -- another example of how our team is continuing to diversify and grow our ALM business and it bolsters our confidence. And just to reiterate, this is a huge market ALM. We really like the space. It's very fragmented, and we think we're in a very good position to take a tremendous amount of share over time. We're working through what everyone in the industry is working through right now, which is pretty low component pricing. We feel good about the opportunity.
Barry Hytinen: Thanks, Eric. It's good to talk to you this morning. I appreciate those kind words. We -- obviously, the team is doing really well and continuing strength and strength in terms of new signings and also margin performance in our data center business. So hats off to our team there. In terms of data center capital, as you know, this year, we had penciled to deploy about $850 million of growth CapEx and with the vast majority of that going to data center. Year-on-year, we put a considerable incremental amount of CapEx into data center in the first quarter. I think we do have the benefit of so much being pre-leased and the team continue to sell that, yes, it is conceivable to me that we will be, over time, ramping our CapEx for data center and it's sort of a bit of a high-class problem, so to speak, as the team continues to sell through our pipeline plans.  So we have ample capacity to do so in terms of deploying additional capital. We were always planning to spend from a timing standpoint, more CapEx, relatively speaking, in the first half this year than we did last year. As you recall, last year, it was a little bit more shaped towards the back half in terms of data center deployment where deploying a considerable amount here in the first half, we'll continue that trend in the second quarter. And after we get through midyear and see how the additional pipeline looks, which is quite strong, I'll note, at this time.  As we see how that is at midyear, we may talk to you about a little bit more, but that would be a very positive development in terms of continuing to see really high levels of organic growth rates driven by commencements. As you know, we're very pre-leased in terms of our underdevelopment. I think we're now pressing over 90% in terms of pre-leased in terms of what's under construction. So it's a good place to be.  The only other thing I guess I'll call out is that churn has been relatively low, and we continue to expect it to be relatively low for the full year. So thank you, Eric, for your questions.
Barry Hytinen: Brendan, I'll just add, as we talked about before, one of our key initiatives within Matterhorn is cross-selling. And if you go back to what I mentioned in the prepared remarks and our data center team signed 22 new logos within data center in the quarter and when we segment that on a megawatt basis, 75% of that was cross-sell from our existing client base, those 225,000 clients. So I think that's a good indicator of what we are trying to drive with our Matterhorn initiatives around cross-selling.
