Brian McKeon: The trends in the quarter were relatively similar. We saw in North America continued higher outgoing volume in total. We saw some increase in permanent withdrawals. The overall volume growth in Records Management in North America was relatively flat. That offsets some progress we're making on the new sales front and solid gains in international. On balance, the Records Management volume trends were relatively similar, and that's what we're projecting in the near term. Obviously, we are advancing the new sales initiatives that we expect to have -- I think we're going to benefit -- benefit for us as we go into 2011.
Brian McKeon: We do track this and that's what we hear back from customers, is the larger factor on the permanent withdrawal front is people deciding to bring it in-house. There are competitive dynamics. It's, again, more similar than different. We do see quarter-to-quarter fluctuations. I think the key thing to hear is it's remained high in North America and on balance -- and in international markets, where we're seeing positive trends. So net-net, it's similar trends, more similar than different, but we continue to see a relatively higher level of outgoing volume, which is constraining overall volume growth.
Brian McKeon: Let's look at it from a market perspective. Fundamentally, the law firms are getting squeezed very hard by their corporate customers to lower their prices, and that leads to a trend towards legal process outsourcing. There are also -- in the attempt to lower cost, they're trying to do a lot of the calling of data themselves, which means smaller matters. And the price per gigabyte has dropped precipitously over the last year, and that's what's driving this from a market perspective. Customers are just not willing to pay what they were paying for their law firms. The law firms are not willing to incur the cost associated with eDiscovery, and they're trying to drive down the size of the matter. Our cost to serve remains high even though the size of the matter is lower. So what you should hear from that is that our -- a goal of ours is to drive down the cost of offering that service, and that's something we're getting on.
Brian McKeon: And David, what we want you to hear is that it's taking longer than originally anticipated to build scale. But fundamentally, we have strong services that we're focused on improving our performance.
Brian McKeon: Well, no. We have it. We've developed it internally. It's called eVantage, it's an early case assessment tool. It's just getting to the market now, so it's not offsetting the pressures that we've described, but it's a lower cost alternative so that the law firms can do their calling on premise earlier in the cycle. So we're very much on that. It's internally developed and it doesn't represent an area that we have to fill in, either organically or inorganically.
Brian McKeon: We have been taking steps last year. We did a major refinancing of a new bond issuance and achieved a longer term on high-yield bonds and achieved some efficiency there. We've done some paydowns. We have within our longer-term bonds, obviously, prepayment costs associated with some of the longer maturities. And we basically paid down the things that makes sense to pay down in the current environment. As noted, we don't have anything really coming up soon. And we have some British pound based bonds that make sense for to -- that have a low interest rate, make sense for us to retain from a hedging point of view. So we look at that all the time and it's -- we evaluate that and we've been paying down everything or refinancing the things that make sense.
Robert Brennan: We're not reporting on the fourth quarter today, but we have had solid gains in backup and archiving services. And that has offset the pressure that we highlighted in areas like eDiscovery and the Digital business.
Robert Brennan: So pricing is the key contributor here, Vance. The price per gigabyte and price per matter has come down. And essentially, because of the secular pressure on the legal sector, they're trying to call the amount of data they review. So it is a significant price drop that's driving a lot of the pressures that we noted and a central part of the reason behind the impairment.
Robert Brennan: More similar, Andrew, it does vary quarter-to-quarter. And the biggest competitor for us remains people doing this in-house, Andrew. And that's fundamentally when it comes to outgoing volumes or the fact that we can't get -- it takes longer to move somebody, and it's a function of them doing it themselves, generally speaking, versus that of a particular competitor.
Robert Brennan: No, yes. So this is very much on the margin. We track it pretty granularly by region, by reason. If you zoom way out, it's essentially very similar as Brian said. But no, we don't see -- I don't know of any customer that's decided to move everything that was outsourced to an in-source basis.
Robert Brennan: And just in terms -- the second part of your question, as we've been highlighting, we've been proactively working on a number of fronts and improving performance in the Digital business. I'm looking at this in more detail. We've very recently had a change in leadership. We've highlighted the pressures in areas like eDiscovery. We've made a decision to divest a part of the business, recently the Domain Name business. And that led us to accelerate looking at the carrying values and to assess the carrying value of the goodwill. And we decided to take that step and to record the impairment this quarter, and it's part of this overall proactive effort we're taking to get the business on track.
Robert Brennan: We did quantify that, so it was about five points of the OIBDA growth, which was I believe, that's $12 million year-on-year. Keep in mind that a fair amount of that is we're catching up, if you will, for a year-to-date accruals and reflecting our most recent views. As we highlighted at Investor Day, David, we're having low incentive compensation payouts this year for the full year. It'll probably at about three points to our growth rate and in terms of our forecast. And as we look forward to next year, we'll plan for normal accruals and that is -- on a comparison basis, it will provide a drag to our OIBDA growth rate. But we are not achieving our revenue growth goals this year, and it's been -- areas like service trends that have been a real challenge for us. And that's being reflected in low incentive compensation payouts this year.
Robert Brennan: Gary, it's really the synergies between our Data Protection business and our Digital business call the same decision-making stack within IT. And that's where we're combining our sales forces between Digital and Data Protection and really affecting what is the same decision-making stack. The folks who do tape vaulting are the same folks in the same position area that drive decisions around archival, around data protection, around data recovery. So that's where synergy exists. The key areas of synergy, if you look at records management, shredding, those are very synergistic calling under the same decision areas. Data protection and Digital, very synergistic. Where we sell across the product line is in the enterprise accounts and then in the smallest accounts.
Robert Brennan: Well, I think in terms of -- we could look at areas in terms of and fixed and floating mix over time, and that could help us. And that's something that we're evaluating. We're relatively fixed right now. And that I think would be probably the primary area that we could achieve some efficiencies.
Robert Brennan: So from a vertical perspective, Scott, healthcare is doing very well. Legal faces the same pressures that really across their business that we have highlighted in eDiscovery. Financial Services remains our strongest segment and an area where we continue to drive more and more vital importance into that business. We're seeing very strong growth from a hybrid perspective in our core business and good progress on the Digital front as well. So vertically, Financial Services remains number one. Healthcare is moving along well. Legal is under pressure but nothing more to report really.
Robert Brennan: We actually just announced this week a suite offerings with Mimosa. I'm very pleased with the quality of the product, and we're beginning to receive accolades from the analyst community as it relates to near points, mimosa's near point solution and the fact that it is further out in front of the competition in terms of market capability. From a selling trajectory, I've mentioned Sears and Varian Semiconductor in my remarks. We're starting to bring down some big names. The fact is that it's a product that many of our customers need. I'm pleased with the asset. The integration of the team is going well. T.M. Ravi is in a senior marketing role for us. We've got a good part of that team that's firmly embedded in our Digital business. So I feel very good about that potential of that acquisition.
Robert Brennan: We're constantly looking at our business and understanding what's core and what's context. It resulted in the sale of the Data Domain Name business where it just rally wasn't core from the standpoint of our customers' needs. And that resulted in the divestiture. At this point, we feel we've got the right asset base and to focus on making sure that we drive results from that asset base.
Robert Brennan: There will be higher spending in the fourth quarter, and that's typical for the business. We tend to have a number of our capacity expansion projects that are planned earlier in the year and executed later in the year. And so, if you look back in time, Kevin, we've had a pretty typical pattern of heavier spending later in the year, just in terms of how we plan the capacity additions within the Physical business. That's the key driver.
Robert Brennan: I'm glad you asked. What we have is we put out preliminary numbers in terms of growth rates and outlook. Our outlook for revenue growth and adjusted OIBDA growth are on track for what we had talked about, and the 2% to 4% growth in revenue and the 0% to 3% in adjusted OIBDA. Again, just want to reinforce that some of that, the adjusted OIBDA we are working through the lapping on the incentive compensation issues, so that's an underlying growth of 3% to 6% on an operating basis. We'll work through refining areas like free cash flow and EPS, but we're on track towards what we had talked about, no changes to note today.
Robert Brennan: I don't have that right in front of me on the Mimosa incremented. I apologize, Kevin, I don't want to ask any number without having them right in front of me.
Robert Brennan: All right. Those are the questions in the queue. We very much appreciate your attention this morning. We also appreciate those of you who attended Investor Day a few weeks back. Again, driving our- the fact that we have a strong sustainable business foundation continued to drive solid performance. We are very much focused on improving growth and are mindful of why we're here, which is to create long-term value. We appreciate your support. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks.
