Bill Meaney: Thank you, Stuart. Just a few points. We continue to drive improved internal storage revenue growth across both developed and emerging markets. The recent expansion of our data center business through the acquisition of IO and Fortrust and the expected acquisition of Credit Suisse data centers will take our organic EBITDA growth from 3.5% in Q4 to over 5% in 2020. We have done all this whilst remaining committed to our financial framework and targets. Net of all this, we continue to be a standout in the S&P with a strong dividend plus robust and sustainable growth. With that, I would like to hand it over to the operator for Q&A.
Bill Meaney: Yes, it's a good question. We're really pleased by – I guess, we expected an acceleration in terms of the pipeline, in terms of new sales, but I think getting the new logos, so to speak, from IO, which are also existing customers for Iron Mountain both, some on the data center side, but a number of them in our data management or our records side, has really accelerated the conversation both for us, but also for the IO sales force. So we're really encouraged. It's obviously early days, but the feedback that I've been getting from the sales teams is they've already seen an increase in activity, an increase in interest in what we're offering.
Bill Meaney: Hi, Shlomo, good morning. Yes. By the way, your – I got the question, but your phone is breaking up. But anyway, there's a couple of things going on. One of the things, as Stuart pointed out, is that we're lapping a strong comparable in Q1 of last year because of some new customer activity. But overall, it's the same trend that we called out last time is that if you look at incoming volume from existing customers in North America versus Western Europe, Western Europe, we're still seeing kind of, what I'd say, steady incoming percentage growth from existing customers, where we've seen a reduction in North America. Now some of that may be because we're being a bit more aggressive in terms of revenue management which, obviously, we rolled out a couple of years before we start rolling it out in Western Europe. That being said, we don't see an increase in destruction rate, and we don't – and we actually see a slight uptick in terms of new customers as we kind of focus on unvended, mid-market and federal government. So we expect that trend to continue. I mean, there is a little bit of an overlap of a high comparable in Q1. But as Stuart said, we think, overall, our developed markets will be flat to minus 0.25 basis point. And we expect those – that kind of trend to continue, and it's mainly driven by a slowdown of incoming volume from – still growing, but a slowdown of incoming volume from existing customers in North America. And I think, going forward, we will continue to optimize price for existing customers and continue to seek new volume more and more from unvended opportunities.
Bill Meaney: No. Well, I think it will be roughly – if you look at developed markets, it will be roughly flat. I mean, I think you're still going to be, from a volume – don't forget, this is on 500 million cube, and so I think volume, if you look at developed markets, are probably continuing to hover in kind of the flat, plus or minus, let's say, 0.25 basis point, so maybe negative, maybe flat, maybe slightly up. But we continue to feel that we're not going for share in these markets. And so we think the right thing to do is to make sure that we're using revenue management appropriately, so we're not trying to increase the amount of growth from existing customers.
Bill Meaney: So let me kind of give you the high-level view of it, Andrew, and then I'll let Stuart comment more. But the part that's really given us the confidence is the traction that we've gotten on the revenue management side of the storage business. You can see that in terms of the margin expansion that we've gotten in the last 12 months because what we're doing right now is we still think we'll be able to maintain 3% to 3.5% internal revenue growth on the storage side, and we're doing that at the same time whilst minimizing the amount of racking and boxes that we have to put in place to take the boxes because we're relying more and more on price. So we feel really good about – and we already see that. We've seen an acceleration in our margin increase. But I mean, Stuart, you may want to comment more in terms of our specific margin target.
Bill Meaney: Well, I think, actually, if you look at it, Karin, if you look at historically over the last three years, we're really pleased in the progress that we've made both on the storage margin but also as well as just in terms of storage growth. You can start seeing through – you see that we have positive internal storage rate of growth both for developed markets and emerging markets. And that's really how – as we've been replacing with historically with the bedrock, which was the transportation, with some of the new service offerings, so we feel really good with the progress and the momentum that we're building there.
Bill Meaney: We're not – we're going to stay within our overall guidance that Stuart laid out, the 3% and 3.5% overall. I mean, we'll give you more flavor as we go forward. You could see a little bit of the impact this past quarter, but we're still focused in those markets. Think about those markets, a lot of them were still focused on getting to a market-leading position. And when you're in a market-leading position, obviously, volume is your primary lever that you're looking at. And then at some point, you start harvesting that volume and optimize it with revenue management. So we are introducing because we think there are some – there is some low-hanging fruit in some of those markets. But I think our first quarter call, sort of speaking, that we are applying some of the tools now in emerging markets is Western Europe because we think there's a lot more that can be done if you just look at that Western Europe, we're still relying on volume growth more than revenue growth in terms of – I mean, volume growth more than revenue management to get to the revenue growth in that market. And we think we can optimize that further as we look at being efficient capital allocators.
Bill Meaney: I'll start, and then Stuart could give you the technical answer. Yes, I mean, of course, we look at these things, but it's not even close, right? I mean, if you think about us as an income-oriented stock, we're kind of unique. We have a high yield and we have strong growth going forward. And we're attractive to income-oriented investors, whether they are REITs or C-Corp type investors. And given the nature of our business where we generate a lot of cash, the REIT framework is still an efficient way for us to give benefits to our shareholders, and we drive our – most of our revenue from real estate in terms of the storage nature of the business. And the fact that tax rates have come down, it just means they're paying less tax on the service side of the business. So – but I mean, Stuart, you may want to comment.
Bill Meaney: Yes. We haven’t – if we look at the guidance, right, what we've baked in is a little bit of inflation because probably, in the near term, I think the biggest benefit for us is – it's kind of like a rain dance, I pray for inflation every day I come to work because inflation, our top line is really driven by inflation. And GDP, for sure, I think if you've been following the company a long time, my predecessor had shown a number of graphs where GDP does drive volume growth. But I think given the amount of growth that we expect in – the change in growth of GDP over the next 8, 12 or 24 months, I think that's going to be less of a driver than the change of inflation. And of course, with a 75% gross margin storage business, every point of inflation expands our margins. So you were kind of unique in that sense. So I know that a lot of income-oriented companies don't like inflation because it's hard to keep dividend growth at pace with inflation. In our case, it's just the opposite. It allows – the more inflation allows us even to outperform with our dividend. So it's – so I think in the near term, I'm doing my inflation dance.
Bill Meaney: It's mostly – I mean, Stuart, you may want to give more, but it's mostly done at this point. I mean, there's still a little bit – we always said that we think there's more to get done on some of the integration in terms of integrating facilities in real estate, and we're still picking through that. But I would say the bulk of it, I mean, Stuart.
Bill Meaney: If you look at – what I would look at, Sheila, because there's puts and takes, there is a seasonality aspect in terms of certain things that happened at the end of the year. If you look at year-on-year, you're right, Q3 to Q4 were flat. But if you look at year-on-year, we saw a nice improvement. There was some noise in the end of the quarter that we had some VAT issues that we're still working through, for instance, in India. But I think if you look at year-on-year, we continue to see that we'll continue to slowly tick down. I mean, in fairness, we've got most of the SG&A improvement, and we baked a little bit into our guidance for 2018. But a lot of what you see between the flattening out between Q3 and Q4 is in the year. But year-on-year, we're pretty happy.
Bill Meaney: No, it's a great question. That's one of the things that really excites us about the data center space. I think as we might have mentioned back in December that 65% of our sales – of our customers right now in our data centers are Iron Mountain ones. And then with IO, there's about a 45% overlap. And even in the short time that we've owned it is we see that the inquiries coming through our data management especially and, to a certain degree, our records management folks has been increasing. So – and how we coordinate that, there's always been a pretty good coordination, but we coordinate it with both art and science. So the art is fixed. So I'll give you an example. The Credit Suisse data centers came through our records management sales force in Europe that have been the relationship manager with Credit Suisse for a number of years, not even the data management folks just because of the strong relationship we have with Credit Suisse. And that we use both spiffs, and we also have some of those people actually carry a quota with a – which is the science part of it. But that's one of the reasons why we're really excited. And as I say, 950 of the Fortune 1000 are our customers, and over 35,000 data centers just in North America alone are people in and out of almost on a weekly basis. So it is starting to show real benefits.
Bill Meaney: I think if you can think about it, Shlomo, this way, is that we expect this year – because some of the acquisitions we have, we have to build out some capacity, so I think the organic growth will be a little bit slower than what we've seen in the previous years. So I'd say mid-teens in terms of organic revenue growth, and EBITDA will grow a little bit faster than that as some of the assets stabilize because we're, obviously, moving up in terms of our EBITDA margin. But I think it's kind of – I would expect kind of mid-teens in terms of revenue growth and a little bit better on EBITDA.
Bill Meaney: We'd just like to thank everybody for listening in, and we look forward to a continued strength in 2018. Have a good day.
Stuart Brown: Yes, it will mean – well, most of the CapEx that we'll be having initially will really be building out the development pipeline, right? We're really going from a pretty small development pipeline, but the growth opportunities that we have in Denver, in Arizona, in New Jersey as well as the Virginia campus, we'll continue to build the development pipeline. With that comes, from a GAAP standpoint, obviously, capitalized expenses and capitalized interest. And then as the leases grow, we will be straight-lining rent adjustment coming into AFFO.
Stuart Brown: In Northern Virginia, the first data hall we built out is about two-thirds leased already, and that's why we've got in our plans to go and build up the next two data halls. We've seen a lot of interest, the potential pipeline as a multiple of what we've got in our expectations for next year for lease-up. So we're pretty confident in the 10 megawatts that we've got in the guidance for next year.
Stuart Brown: Shlomo, let me start with the – I mean, the target of – for leverage and – for our leverage framework is really built around two things: a, optimizing our cost of capital; and b, making sure that we've got capacity in our balance sheet to be able to take advantage of opportunities. There's no liquidity issue where we're sitting today from a leverage standpoint. So as we want to delever over time, it's more about getting back to creating that capacity for us to take advantage of dislocations. So with that said, we said when we purchased IO that we will be taking a step-up in leverage related to that and that will delever naturally over time with organic growth. However, we will be putting capital back to work in development as well. And so the funding of that additional development as we kind of build our data center pipeline like other data center REITs, how are we going to fund that? We will get some cash flow from operations. We will use the ATM for things like Credit Suisse, and we're looking at capital recycling opportunities. And we've been – just to give you an example of one we've got right now is we've recently purchased a property in the Midlands outside of London. And we're going to sell some fairly high-value properties that are in – much closer into the city, I think it's three properties, as we move out to the Midlands over the next couple of years. So those are the types of opportunities where we can sell those types of properties through a short-term leaseback and then move back and move out to cheaper properties as records management becomes more archival so that we've got a number of levers that we can pull to fund the data center expansion. And if you look at the model that we provided on 2020, coming back to your payout ratio question, right, we're not going to – we don't anticipate the dividend to grow as fast as AFFO. And so again, you get a natural reduction of the payout ratio down into the mid-70s.
Stuart Brown: So the only thing that's normalized for in that number is the integration costs related to IO, and that's $4 million to $5 million. That $4 million to $5 million is built into our total EBITDA guidance, but we normalize for that when you look straight at just the data center number.
Stuart Brown: Just two other quick things I'll point out, right, we're coming in, in a little bit of a higher base, right? We've outperformed expectations in 2017. The other thing, Andrew, don't forget, is the revenue recognition accounting change has an impact on that margin as well, so you need to normalize for that.
Stuart Brown: Revenue growth on the service side is expected to be flat. It will be a little bit better than we've had in the past really because of the shred business. We see stronger growth on the shred side.
Stuart Brown: The other thing I'll add is on the data center side, I mean, the main reason we're expanding the data centers relationship we have with our customers and our ability to create value, the ability to leverage the REIT status on that is clearly helpful as well, right? So if you're Credit Suisse of the world, you're not getting the tax shield that we can provide as a REIT on those things. So a lot of data centers that are on the balance sheet of C-Corps are actually better in place than a balance sheet of a REIT. So we'll continue to leverage that as well.
Stuart Brown: Yes, the bulk of it is done in terms of the Recall investments. We do still have some back-office systems and some IT Recall costs as well, as well as the real estate that Bill mentioned. And the synergies will continue to sort of flow through as we ramp up. It's built into the guidance numbers, and we're right on track.
Stuart Brown: Just to add one quick point onto that as well, just to give you a little bit of color. I mean, our data center team, even district commercials and our the data center team met the first day that IO closed at IO's facility, right, we got the entire commercial team together. And one of the reasons they're excited to be a part of Iron Mountain is now they've got a much bigger platform to be able to sell. And companies have been owned by private equity, right, or don't have the sort of the balance sheet to be able to provide the capacity for these sales teams to be able to provide the customers. So they've got a great roster of customers and a lot of potential transactions in the pipeline. And I guess I should probably welcome them all to the Iron Mountain team.
Stuart Brown: The only unusual item that was in there for the year was that – which we have it in the second quarter, and we fully talked about the SimpliVity on an annual basis, we had the SimpliVity termination fee back in the data center. And so that impacted the storage rental growth about 20 basis points for the quarter. But other than that, it's just strong underlying performance, 20 basis points for the year.
Stuart Brown: No, I mean, we gave you the guidance at the top level. If you look at the momentum that we built in the business between revenue management and volume growth in terms of how that's driving the 3% and 3.5%, it's pretty clear. And if you look at the emerging markets, you can see a slight upward trending, but I would instead continue on those trend lines. Effectively, what we're calling out is a similar – we expect a similar momentum or continued momentum and similar trend in the businesses.
Stuart Brown: It was mostly – really mostly in service because it's the commission side, right, that's getting capitalized on EBITDA.
Stuart Brown: Yes. On the revenue side, I think the ongoing legacy business was about – I kind of remember off the top of my head, but – about $30 million – from the legacy business, about $30 million, and then you had the Fortrust acquisition and then IO on top of it from a revenue standpoint. And then from the IO transaction, we talked about it, with the equity offering, that, that will be, from an EBITDA perspective, around $80 million after integration.
Stuart Brown: I mean, the numbers that we've provided include Credit Suisse, right. So the guidance numbers include Credit Suisse assuming that closes here later in the first quarter.
