C. Richard Reese: Well, as you know, in our business, on the way down, we tend to lag. On the way up, we tend to lag. And I think we probably are seeing that. Storage remains strong and -- even in Europe and International in general. And I think storage will hold up okay, if not do fine through this. Service, we saw softness. Just as we saw it come down in North America, we saw it in this quarter. It'll find a new good [ph] point when their economy settles and sort of stay there. Whether we've hit that yet or not, I don't know. But net-net, as I've said in my comments, we've had some puts and takes. We've had some strengths and other pieces and parts of things, so overall, our services are about flat if you take recycled paper out. So on a global basis, I think we're feeling all right. I mean, we're not projecting it going to rise, don't get me wrong. But I think we're feeling all right.
C. Richard Reese: Yes, I'm trying to get out. No, look, we're -- it's a very methodical process. And we -- and look, the board is working quite hard and being pretty methodical about it. But look, the truth is I'm not putting the feet to the fire. I started down this path to help the company get a line around a strategy, which I think we've done really well, the business has. And part of that strategy was the capital allocation strategy. As I've said, we've done our year of homework, and we've come out the other end with a direction, and now we go about executing. I'm not running from the completion of that. So it's a matter of finding the right person when we find him at the right time, and until we do, I'll stay here and try to help the team get this stuff across the goal line.
C. Richard Reese: And by the way, the -- not always, but the nature of the kinds of acquisitions we would likely do international will be the kind of things where you buy now and it will take you 12-plus months to really see the synergy, because we're not typically buying new footprint. There will be some rare exceptions to that statement. But we already did the heavy lifting of putting the footprint in place. Now we're really try to buy major fold-in, tuck-in. And the big fold-in, tuck-ins take a little time to do right and continue growing fast and maintain and so forth. So we're taking our time on those.
C. Richard Reese: And, Andrew, I think you sort of said it's just a good, strong quarter, how do we portraying? Look, we're positive about the business in the economy we operate in. It's a crappy world out there, okay? But we're not suggesting -- in fact, I am cautioning, that you don't take a strong storage quarter and try to project it forward that we're going to stay at these levels. I don't believe we will. I think we'll move up and down. We'll see this level again, I'm not saying that, okay? But it might not be next quarter or the quarter after. I think we're going to be hovering around the 3%, 3-ish range, give or take, 3.5%, 2.75%, hovering around there. And they round the different numbers, as you know. We'll be hovering around those ranges. And I think we can do that very well and so forth, but we're not talking about major acceleration here.
C. Richard Reese: In Hungary, it was a nice bolt-in and we already had market leadership there. It was just good economics. Switzerland, we've got leadership in everything except Geneva. And Turkey, we are a strong #2.
C. Richard Reese: And as you know, we fully expect that our hybrid business, as it gets bigger and it's still growing well, will overcome other declines in the physical business. I'm not calling that turn yet, but this quarter, that pretty much happened. But again, I wouldn't say it's for sure it's going to happen next quarter or the one after. Still a little early to tell that we're drawing the lines yet, guys.
C. Richard Reese: Yes, and look, I'd tell you, sort of the key theme if you look at our total growth and so forth is our Shredding businesses, although they're growing on units and everything else, we see some price compression. So a good part of that. It used to be -- it still is a very aggressive price market. Although, in general, at the Street, that has modified itself a bit as paper prices have come down, which is what you'd expect. We are still rolling off some rather large multi-year agreements that were priced in a different market environment, and as they roll off, they get repriced. We'll -- that will run off, but the tail of that's coming, and it'll run off and so forth. But our -- but the Shredding business between that dynamic and the -- and, of course, the paper prices themselves is as much a drag on total revenue as anything, so forth.
C. Richard Reese: We've heard conflicting data. Some people say they believe at the demand level, it's strengthening, at the front-line demand level, it's strengthening. That would naturally lead to some increase, and others say not. So we don't have an opinion on that right now. But look, North America may strengthen while Europe doesn't. Some of this will be about where China goes, because a lot of this recycled paper winds up in China. And their economy -- you guys know better than I do the changes going on over there. So I think it's a little early to make a call.
C. Richard Reese: And by the way, the Europe destruction pattern is behaving the way the business historically always behaved except for the 2007, '08 financial crisis period, which is in slowdowns, people delay destructions because they're protecting their current year budget. So as the storage pickup -- storage charge, rental pickup for destroying the item is not as large as the -- in the current period, as large as the destruction fee, and they try to protect their budget. And I suspect that's what we're seeing there now.
C. Richard Reese: No, no. The JVs themselves, by and large, the ones we have right now are in kind of the emerging markets, strong, extreme emerging market front. And -- which means they would be late in our cycle of REIT conversion, as in not this year or next or the year after. Over due course of time, we would want to deal with those sort of things. But we're not going to be pushed into doing that.
C. Richard Reese: Well, our view hasn't changed from what we've said in early June. And that view is that we would strongly consider, but we haven't 100% committed to, but strongly consider doing a major E&P purge sometime during this year. I think you would expect it towards the back end of the year. And there's a lot of mechanics to actually making that work since it would be a combination of cash and stock. But we're moving forward on that front as all others. That decision in itself does not depend upon the, necessarily, the private letter ruling, in fact.
C. Richard Reese: Yes, we are -- we had hoped to have the precise date. We don't yet. We're nailing down the venue and we -- but we will have an Investor Day in October in New York City. And within a couple of days, we expect to have out the invitation with the exact date and time and so forth.
C. Richard Reese: And it will -- and that will get spread beyond January 1, 2014, because there's -- it's a strategy to get ourselves to the point where we can legally convert and operate. But it won't be as pretty as it likely -- we'd like it to be by that date, and we will continue working beyond that. So those expenses will flow on beyond that.
C. Richard Reese: No, I don't -- look, I -- we've gone to the detailed planning. I think we have 20-odd work streams all running in parallel. We've got program managers, project managers. We've really gotten it organized as just as a massive kind of project. But look, the tall pole on the tent, so to speak, is in the systems arena. And it's primarily in the arena of -- we actually have to change our charter of accounts for our entire accounting system and, in many ways, update some technology and/or convert technology, particularly some of the global platforms. And some of that, we made two-step because it's too much risk to do one-step. And when you're doing that much technology change, to be candid with you, our goal is to have all those systems operating mid-next year to give us 6 months of working out the kinks and making sure nothing happens. And our head -- our Chief Information Officer is sweating a lot right now. He and his team are doing good work, and they'll get it done. And so, no, we're not -- this is not something that I lay awake at night worrying about. But then again, I don't do this kind of execution. Brian does it, and his team and Jeff and [indiscernible], those guys do it. And they're sweating a bit and complaining to me not go off and do anything else, but that's not my nature either.
C. Richard Reese: Yes, that would be our current intention, recognizing that we're going to do, likely, 80% of it in issuance of the stock, yes.
C. Richard Reese: Correct. We don't need equity. We don't need equity. And I'm never going to say we won't go to the markets for equity. You tell me the price, and I'll tell you if we'll go. But as we sit here today, we don't perceive going to the markets. It's not in my -- our thinking at the moment for equity. I would tell you, though, just to be clear, just to close out that subject for you a little bit. As we do M&A, we may use some equity and transactions to the extent that the deals are highly accretive to our shareholders, okay? We might do something like that. But that's not going to be major, it's not going to be big numbers.
C. Richard Reese: Well, I think we're seeing that's an area of North America. And the decline rates are slowing, okay? And it'll drift in the right space there. And it's hard to know what -- where Europe is going, I mean, quite candidly. But Europe does not -- we don't have quite the risk profile in Europe. Our business there is much less active in the physical side, because we don't have a big medical business. And still the #1 driver of that decline is a health care trend. It's not the economy. The economy is the second driver of that decline. And which is, primarily in North America, an issue totally. So the fact that we don't have the big driver in healthcare will mean it's not going to impact us that much. It's likely be on the margin kind of stuff.
C. Richard Reese: So thank you very much for giving us this hour. We appreciate your support and so forth. As we did mention earlier, we will be out. There's 1 more -- 1 or 2 more conferences we'll be at. We'll be at the Barclays Conference in a few weeks in New York. Next week, they're telling me. I got to look at my calendar more carefully, I guess. But we are driving towards an Investor Day in October, and we'll be out shortly with a precise date and location, so hopefully you can put it in your calendar. We would expect at that Investor Day to talk quite a bit about what we see forward, finishing out our 3-year plan. I think we've started about 18 months ago making sure you see that we're on track there. We'll expect to be talking a little bit about how we're going to build a more durable business. Hopefully, give you -- likely give you some access to some of the key managers that are doing it. And then, of course, we will be talking not about the REIT process, because we'll be in the middle of it. We won't know anything, and if we did, we wouldn't tell you anyway. We will be talking about, though, what Iron Mountain might look like as a REIT a bit more than we have and so forth. So I think you'll hopefully find that a useful time to come and spend a morning or so with us. Again, thank you, and we hope you will all have a good summer. And we'll see you later.
Brian P. McKeon: It's roughly $90 million in the quarter -- I'm sorry, $98 million. The bulk of that was Brazil and the Swiss buyout. This year, we won't see a lot of profit flow through just because the integration cost in Brazil will offset some of the benefit. But it'll be nicely accretive for us as we head into 2013.
Brian P. McKeon: And so the slide actually is a -- it takes quarterly performance and annualizes it, Andrew. And so it's because we're trying to break it out across these key metrics that we found that that's the easiest way to show it. And that compares to when we talk about that growth, we're talking about year-over-year volume. So it's slightly different. I think the key theme here is more consistency than change in terms of the trends. If you look at the storage growth in the quarter, it rounded to 4%. It was a little -- it was 3.5%, actually. And we've been in that 3% range for the last -- since, I think it's 7, 8 quarters now. Some of the benefit was -- improvement was related to customer acquisition activity in International, just in terms of, as you know, kind of the old [indiscernible] terminology that we use when we acquire customers from other businesses, customer relationships we had, some of that flow-through from a timing of...
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, I was thinking -- hybrid services were a -- were up solidly on a global basis. It wasn't -- it was probably a point or so of contribution net to our overall service growth. And that helped to moderate the -- basically helped to offset the continued moderate decline we've seen in service levels in places like the U.S. And, as Richard noted, I think the International...
Brian P. McKeon: International was not -- International had been growing quite well, and we saw that moderate somewhat. So that could be a leading indicator.
Brian P. McKeon: We haven't for the last -- in terms of our business overall, I think it's held out very well. And I think the team [ph] feels good about the ability to sustain that. We are highlighting at the margin, we're seeing some deceleration level of growth in the service activity. But I would say the theme is more that we're holding up quite well. And I think we're going to plan the business prudently and make sure we're managing appropriately in an environment that could get softer for us. But I think it's more -- at this stage, more at the margin and something that we're keeping an eye on.
Brian P. McKeon: There's a bit of seasonality in the business where the pricing goes down a bit in the back half of the year normally. We've seen sort of modest improvement on the sorted office paper rate. So we'll -- it's gotten relatively better, but this does get tied into the overall demand situation. So right now, we're -- the numbers that we're using basically reflect the debt that [indiscernible] will sustain.
Brian P. McKeon: We did see -- it's a little different geographically. But actually, in Europe, we've seen a decline in some of the destruction levels. These things tend to move around a fair bit where you have some larger destructions that people may be planning, and you work through them. And so there is some volatility in that, but we've seen some contraction there that's helping...
Brian P. McKeon: We're starting with what makes sense from a strategic point of view, a value-creation point of view, and then we'll factor in how to think about the REIT more as the tail on that kind of consideration. So these are good, strategic investments that we'd be doing regardless of the path we're pursuing as a company.
Brian P. McKeon: It's a smaller part, so I'm going to find it. But 5% we're seeing. So it's -- we have a long list of services that we provide there in core services, the bigger items are things like transportation activity. But destruction services contribute to that. Overall, the core services are a little north of 30% of total revenues.
Brian P. McKeon: Sorry if we confused on that. No, it's a subset of that, so it's within the $100 million, $150 million. We expect to incur $10 million to $20 million of OpEx this year and about $10 million of capital. The $100 million to $150 million is both the OpEx and capital. I think our estimates were -- was like 60% capital, which is largely the systems, and 40% OpEx. But we'll be breaking this out for you as we go, and actually, we'll start adding some tracking relative to the overall estimates for you as well so it's very clear how we're...
Brian P. McKeon: To your question, no surprises. We thought it was a lot of work, and that's turning out to be true. And we'll -- we've got a really good team working on it and committed to getting this done.
Brian P. McKeon: What I -- we have discussed it's likely we're going to go to the market at some point to help fund that, and we'll update you as we move forward on that. But we will likely want to put some more kind of financing in place...
Brian P. McKeon: It would include the -- obviously, there is a cash outflow. But keep in mind, too, if we did a majority of our E&P distribution this year, which is -- which has been our plan that we signal. There would be a number of shares that are issued, right, that go along with it. So we...
Brian P. McKeon: It effectively works like a stock split. But we haven't plugged any of that into the outlook, and we'll obviously get you more details as we firm up plans there.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes. And as we talked in our announcement, over time, we think it will make sense to operate at lower level -- leverage levels. And so equity may be part of our future plans, but it's not a requirement for us to get into the structure. We're well positioned to get to -- to fund that conversion.
Brian P. McKeon: We're always working to optimize the utilization our network. We have improved that a bit. And I think that's reflective of the work that we're doing on that front, as well as utility cost. I think we're down a bit as well in the quarter. But it does reflect the work that we're doing to optimize the real estate.
