William Leo Meaney: Thank you, Stuart. And just a few comments, first of all, we are pleased to have delivered amongst our best growth figures in the past five years, with 3.7% internal storage growth, EBITDA growth of 17%, AFFO growth of 30%, or 20% adjusted for the increased share count. And our data center business is now firmly established to become a significant contributor over time. All this, we feel makes us a stand out from an investor standpoint. With that operator, I'd like to turn it over to questions.
William Leo Meaney: All right. Good morning, Sheila. So it's a good question. I think, our guidance from here forward is that we expect Developed Markets to be kind of the plus or minus roughly 0.5%. So I'm not going to predict what that's going to look like quarter by quarter, but I think, we're going to stay in that kind of zone. And that's consistent with our trade-off that we decided to do. If you think about it this way, minus 0.5% it's roughly around $5 million to $7 million of negative revenue headwind. And on the other side, from a revenue management standpoint, we're achieving if you do kind of the monkey math, we're achieving something like a 4% revenue or price increase is we're contributing about $50 million on the other side. So I'll take that trade any time especially in a mature market where we're not going for additional share in existing customers. So I think that the tradeoff that we're making quite purposefully is $50 million to the good on one side knowing that we're taking some risk around volume which is on a 0.5% is probably costing us $5 million. And if you then take out the costs associated with that over time, it's about probably a $4 million or $5 million drag on the business. And the pricing goes straight to the bottom line. And we see that trend continuing out into the future. Some quarters it'll be positive, some quarters it'll be negative, but we think that's the right trade. I think when it comes to the upside on it, as you point out, is some of the unvended area and the largest of the unvended is the Federal Government. So the addressable market of the federal government is about almost the same size as our total North American business. We have made, I would say, steady progress and it is making an improvement, but it's not moving the needle at this point. I just went to the opening that I referenced in my opening remarks down at Joint Base Andrews. And just by the interest by the Federal Government on that, I think it will start gaining momentum as people start seeing this as not a risky thing, but a normal thing to do to outsource some of their records management. And we find a lot more interest and support from the federal agencies. But it's making a impact today, but I wouldn't say it's moving the needle yet.
William Leo Meaney: So let me answer it at a high level, then I'm going to ask Mark Kidd to actually comment it on more directly. So I personally couldn't be more pleased in terms of the way it's going, especially from the human capital integration. So I think we said when we did the acquisition we expected to pick up and aim to retain a large portion of the human capital from the IO acquisition and, touch wood, that seems to be going extremely well. So I'm very pleased with that. The other thing that's interesting – and Mark will give you – and then I'll turn it over to Mark and have him give you more flavor, is in terms of your cross-selling aspect, as you know, Sheila, that before we did the acquisition, over 60% of our revenue in data centers were from historical existing Iron Mountain customers which are 950 of the Global 1000 companies. That's gone down a little bit with the IO acquisition, and Mark will correct me, I think it's in the 40s which I see as a good thing because we've picked up a number of new logos which gives us opportunity to cross-sell in both directions. So the first thing is yes, we absolutely do cross-sell. I was with a large financial institution with one of the IO salespeople a couple months ago in New York City, and that was a customer that we had a long established record with on a number of areas, both as a buyer of their services and provider services to them. And that definitely is making a difference that I hear from the IO sales team in terms of getting even bigger share with these guys. But on the other side, I do see our opportunity to sell to companies that we hadn't been servicing, before that IO had serviced. So Mark, you may want to comment further in terms of how the integration is going.
William Leo Meaney: Hi. Good morning, George. Yeah, it's good question. So, yeah, I think last quarter, I commented that there was probably a mix of catch-up and continue. I think now the results that we're starting to see come through. So as I said, if you do the monkey math in developed markets, we're getting a little over four points of revenue growth. I think we're going to see continued, I would say, between 100 basis points and 200 basis points of real price increase, in other words over inflation in the Developed Markets for the foreseeable future. I don't see a change in that. And we're delivering probably at the high end of that range. We're probably delivering a couple hundred basis points, maybe a little bit more in terms of what I'd call real price increase. And I don't see a big slowdown in that in terms of the Developed Market. So, I think, we have kind of lapped, what I would call the catch-up and now, that kind of 100 basis points to 200 basis points of real price increase over inflation, I think is sustainable. I think in terms of emerging markets, it's all upside. So Emerging Markets, we have rolled it out. I think it's now to four locations or during 2018, I think, we're rolling out to four locations. When I say four locations, four regions, but with specific countries in focus for the emerging markets this year in 2018. And so, we will start rolling it out. But we're growing at a deliberate pace in the emerging markets because the Emerging Markets is a place where we're still building share and not optimizing the business, right. So you can expect that we will get more and more traction in emerging markets, but we're proceeding with a little bit more deliberate pace in those areas because of the share gains that we still have targeted.
William Leo Meaney: Well, if you think about it right now is that we already said that you'll see even a change this year because you could see the margins that are flowing through, approaching 50%. And as Stuart said, we expect that to kind of, on a stabilized basis, to be in the mid-50, 55% to the upper-50s range. You can already see that we've made a step change since the acquisition of IO, Credit Suisse and FORTRUST because it's really given us a scaled platform. So you already see that. And for this year, for instance, it'll be pretty much around 50%. So we've guided that would be about $200 million of revenue and $100 million of EBITDA. Now if you see, we roughly have about 120 megawatts roughly at the end of this year in terms of capacity or after the acquisition of IO, I should say. And we have a total of 250 roughly of megawatts of capacity on what we already have in the family, so to speak, in terms of real estate land or shell that can be built in terms of what we have. So you can see that there's still a very – it's almost a doubling of our current business that we can actually build without doing another acquisition. So that would be what I would call more organic growth. I think just to be clear is that we do continue to look at places to expand, but think of that much more on greenfield, brownfield like a Credit Suisse deal or a small tuck-in. And we continue to – as we have over the last few years, as we continue to monitor what I would say the top 20 global markets, about half of those outside the United States, half of them internally. And we do see the external ones really interesting for us, because this is where we can use our D&A as a company, because we are by far the most global of any of the REITs not just the data center REITs but just REITs in general and we're in 53 countries and we have been there for a very long time. So if you think about the ability to cross-sell, our ability to actually build local scale in some of these countries, we think that our ability to actually find the right acquisitions, and drive through synergies both on the top line and the bottom line internationally is kind of a unique – it's a unique proposition that Iron Mountain has in the data center space. So it's not when we talk about looking to expand to cover the top 20 markets, it's not just domestically, it's internationally I think has a certain amount of attractiveness to us.
William Leo Meaney: Well, no, it's a good question, Shlomo. So just to be clear, that's why we call it revenue management and not just pricing, is we do monitor the elasticity that we're playing with extremely closely so that we won't let that happen. The great thing is – if I flip what you're saying, it's self-inflicted. In other words we can control it. So to me this is we're not going to kill the goose. And the other thing is we are also very careful and not about destroying customer relationships. So if you think about it, what we're talking about is a little bit over 4% price increase, right, we're not talking about 24% price increase. These customers are also important for us for our digital services. So our biggest pipeline right now is in information governance and digital services in absolute terms is our biggest pipeline. And that pipeline is primarily with people that we're serving on the physical storage business. So we don't want to damage those relationships. So it's not just the elasticity when we look at what's happening to volume. We don't look just on the elasticity on the physical business, we also look at its impact for us to sell end-to-end solutions with them. So we are very cognizant of it and as you point out, the great thing is it's in our control. So if we feel like we're pushing it too far, we'll pull it back. But if you said to me, do I think we can continue to have these kinds of real price increase, yeah, I think, right now we're probably north of the 200 basis points of real price increase that I just mentioned, but I think I'm very comfortable even with the caution that you're making that we can maintain 100 basis points to 200 basis points of real price increase because it's in our control.
William Leo Meaney: It's a couple things, so it's not – pricing, as you point out, affects part of it, part of it, don't forget what we're talking about, is 0.5% on a 500 million cubic foot business, right? So it's very small volumes that we're talking about on a relative size. So you can have a large customer that might have been on legal hold for instance that is doing some catch-up in terms of destruction during that period of time. And that can affect the numbers on a quarter-by-quarter basis as well. So it's not just pricing. So those are the things that kind of the ebbs and flows. And then some of the government contracts, I referred to the 400,000 cubic feet that we won from this one government contract which will get moved into a facility in less than a year. Those are kind of large contracts which can sway the numbers. So we think it's going to be plus or minus. We're probably, being frank, we'll probably have more that are on the negative side of zero than the positive side of zero over the next I would say 12 to 24 months. But that's what we expect.
William Leo Meaney: Well, the only thing – you live closer to our nation's capital than I do, Shlomo, so you tell me. But anyway, no, look, the thing that I'm always careful about not committing to something I can't deliver because I don't want you to kind of throw it back at me because I like to do what I say I'm going to do. And I think I've been consistent to say I absolutely think the federal business will be a big business, I think I used to say 10 years. So now, I guess, I have to take a year or two off of that and say 8 years and I still stand by that, but I can't tell you when that eight years is going to happen because trying to predict how the Federal Government behaves is beyond my pay grade. So I do believe in the interest that I see and just the logic, right, I mean it makes no sense for the federal government to be doing this in house. And I think that more and more of the federal agencies understand that. But things don't happen quickly, right. So if you come back in eight years from now, I think I'd would be true to my word but I can't tell you within that eight years what I'm going to be able to have the proof point for you.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah. It's a good question. So Justin, just on that point, so think of it this way, go back to our 2020 slide, where we said 30% of our sales – we're already at 25% or just about 25% of our sales are in the what I would call the high-growth segment, which is Adjacent Businesses and Data Centers, right. And we said we're going to be 30% of that mix by 2020. And then, the main thing is your EBITDA. And that's all about getting to our EBITDA organic growth of 5%. And we're comfortably above the 3.5% that we needed to hit by actually the end of 2018. We're already there in the first quarter. So then you say, how do you get from here to there, and all I'm saying is that – and you're right to point out that $150 million of M&A, which we said traditionally is earmarked for emerging markets is we're now – now that data center is firmly established, we're looking at our high growth segments in one bucket. And we're saying what's the best capital allocation decision on that, consistent with our also stated objectives remain true to our financial model that Stuart went through, which is that deleveraging over time, bringing down the payout ratio of AFFO. So that's all part of our capital allocation decision. So what I was kind of foreshadowing is that we're putting that in one bucket. I can't tell you right now that we're going to make a change, but now when we look at those investment decisions, we look at it across that portfolio, consistent with driving 5% EBITDA, organic EBITDA growth by 2020, which will be fueled by roughly a 30% portfolio of fast growing businesses.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah, and just to answer your question on the ATM, so the plan that we laid out today and the guidance that we provided is without any ATM.
William Leo Meaney: And you think of it this way also, just if you just look at our AFFO this quarter on an adjusted share basis which was up 20% and if you think about – and that was in a period where we're growing the business and we had just grown the dividend, you kind of go this – we're an income-oriented stock, so why wouldn't you be a REIT? Because from our standpoint because of the margins in our business is we can walk and talk at the same time. In other words, we can grow the business, we can grow the dividend and return cash to shareholders. So maybe we're unique because of the high margin and high cash flow of our business, but makes sense.
William Leo Meaney: We have a senior leader for our data center platform actually. It may sound like we didn't because he had a hard time getting on the bridge. He's actually with his team out in Phoenix right now. So Mark Kidd is our leader. You're right that he's in the process of hiring a number of leaders on his team. But no, we have a leader in our data center business.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah, and if you think about it today, Eric, if you look at it is that as Stuart said – Stuart and his team did and our treasurer did a great job in terms of the recent issuance; it was sub 4%. So the debt holders absolutely get the nature of the company. I wish the equity holders would get it as well as the debt holders. But they see this as really a near investment grade or even priced at investment grade many times. So it's not about where we are now. And if you look at it relative to the REITs, people typically look at it through a C-corp, because that's how they graded the company before. If you look at it through a REITs, it's not – our leverage is actually right in line, but it comes down to – it's much more about headroom between covenants that we're trying to get to through the opportunistic reasons that Stuart outlined. So that's why we are deliberate, we are going to delever over time and we feel very comfortable we're well on track with the 2020 plan which will then naturally deliver us to that 5 range. And then we'll continue delevering from there. And so we'll do it deliberately but we're not going to do it in an unstructured way because there's no need to.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah, and I should update you in terms of the exact share. I think the last time I checked I think we're up to about 14%. I think when we started this journey, we were at 10%. So we've added four points of share in that and you can even kind of start seeing that in the mix of verticals versus – which are typically large enterprise customers versus the non-vertical. So we are making progress but it's obviously slower than I would like. But the sales teams are really doing a nice job. And I think as I said before, is we got some boost, we really – we probably went from 10% to 11% if I remember right when, before we did the Recall, and the 11% to 14% is just since Recall because our head of sales, as I mentioned before, is the former head of sales for Recall in North America. And he's done a very nice job restructuring part of the sales team to focus on it. It's just not as fast as I would like, because, as you rightly point out, is we have north of 50% market share on the enterprise and the middle market is the same. It's actually a little bit bigger than the enterprise market in terms of total absolute addressable market. So I keep saying to our guys, when are we going to get our fair share. So we're making progress but more to be done.
William Leo Meaney: No, it's actually – in fact I just authorized putting in a bunch more sales people. And it's minor investments. It's more getting people out, beating the street and partly, as Stuart said, it's getting people into geographical territories that they weren't hunting before. So look the gestation period anyway for our business isn't overnight, especially since some of the middle market is already vended, so you're actually also have that as a stickiness. But we're not taking our eye off of it. It's just happening slower than I would like.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. We'll give Mark Kidd another shot. He's dialed back in on here. And before I turn it over to Mark, Sheila, so I think, that the – it's not an aberration, but we're very pleased at the internal service. There are some one-offs in there like there always are. And I think Stuart mentioned the lumpiness of it because if you go back to our information governance and digital services business, which today is not huge, it's probably about $100 million worth of revenue. But that business is growing double digits and has our largest absolute pipeline of any business. So if you said to me, do I feel that we're going to be on the north side of zero rather than the negative side of zero, which we have been in the last couple of years, I think, in the drag, remember the other side of that equation is slower transport or slower use of transport in our core records business and data management business. I do feel that the growth now in information governance and digital services and our shred business is picking up the slack. So I don't think it's an aberration. Can I say that next quarter is going to be at 1.4%, remember we're guiding for the full year to be relatively flat. But I do expect that we're going to keep this through the course of the year in the positive territory as the information governance and digital services comes through.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. If you look at sort of the first quarter performance obviously very strong, we do expect to continue to have some revenue flow through. The EBITDA margin expansion that we've guided to for the year isn't as strong. We expected more in the first quarter. So the overall guidance we feel quite comfortable with the expansion that we've got built into that. Again, from a margin standpoint, the point we just touched on, you will get a little bit of impact from the data center business and the storage gross profit margins but overall EBITDA is right on track with guidance.
Stuart B. Brown: Almost everything has been actioned. The only thing that's really out there still to be actioned – and the activity we have going on this year is there's a couple of countries that we're still doing consolidation on that had some regulatory hurdles to get those started, so those are all in process now, as well as back office systems. Those are all being actioned and will be largely completed this year, particularly around HR and finance. And then we still have some real estate opportunities and consolidation is what we've always said would sort of be the later pieces of that to flow through, just getting leases lined up and things like that. So you're seeing some of that flow through and that'll continue on. But the vast majority of the Recall costs will be done by the end of the year.
Stuart B. Brown: One thing that's important to remember right is a lot of the assets that we're buying be it acquisitions in emerging markets, or Credit Suisse, these are yielding assets. So it's not unproductive. So you're getting the EBITDA off of it. So you can fund it with debt and still be leverage-neutral in most cases. So you can expect us to continue to sort of like we've done with IO and with Credit Suisse to partially fund, from those cases, with equity and debt. But in other cases in terms of the development pipeline which is what you really see sort of more capital going to this year as we put in place a development pipeline, call it – we've talked about $185 million that that can be funded with other asset sales or organic EBITDA growth, as well as in some cases incremental borrowings and then the capital recycling.
Stuart B. Brown: No. I mean, the REIT structure continues to provide a tremendous amount of value. If you look at where the core of the cash flow and the earnings comes from in the record management business in North America, we continue to get substantial benefits from the REIT structure and don't anticipate that changing even with the new tax regime. And we get some benefit from the new tax regime, obviously on the TRS side particularly, in the shred business where we'll be paying lower taxes on that side of it.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah, I think the short answer is, is that where our leverage is relative to our covenants, we're comfortable where we are today. So – and that's post the acquisition of IO, so we want to get leverage down to your point to the 4.5 to 5 times to create capacity on our balance sheet to take advantage of opportunities that could come up, either an acquisition or some dislocation in the market. And so if you sit down and do any type of theoretical cost of capital analysis, you'd come up also with that same sort of 4.5 to 5. So there's no reason today that you wouldn't say does it make sense sometimes to ever go below 4.5, maybe, but I think it would be unlikely. I think we'd find plenty of capacity in the balance sheet at the range.
Stuart B. Brown: The other thing I'll add in too is, you do see our North America team pursuing sort of a mid-market strategy in smaller markets, which is where a lot of these businesses are based right. So whether it be a hub-and-spoke system where they're moving out to sort of smaller cities outside of major cities and doing a store front and then storing the boxes in the facilities in major cities or creating smaller facilities to serve launching customers and then growing off of that. And we've seen some good success there both on revenue growth, although it's still a small base but some really positive signs.
