Brian P. McKeon: Just normal end-of-year refinements, Andrew. I don't see that as a material change. We're just firming up the plan. And basically, on a year-over-year basis, we're seeing the benefits from the International margin improvement and some of the onetime lapping benefits being offset by the paper declines. So it's relatively consistent with where we were.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes. On the paper question, we had some of the impact baked into the preliminary guidance, so it's basically the same question Andrew just asked. We had about half of it baked in when we talked to you in October, and it came down another $50 a ton. On free cash flow, I know there's a lot of movement there. One way to think about this is if you look at 2011, we had $458 million. Normalizing that, we're really about $400 million. We had a $20 million of benefit in 2011 from year-end capital accruals, basically the timing in Q4 where the cash didn't go out the door until just after year end. And we also had some benefits from higher cash tax prepayments we made in 2010, which benefited this year. If you reduce the $450 million, you're closer to the $400 million range. When you move forward in 2012, our midpoint is $340 million. That's dampened by that $20 million capital carryover, which is more onetime, and it's also dampened by the paper impact of $45 million. So when you normalize for that, it gets up more into the $400 million range. The one thing we did try to highlight is in 2012, keep in mind, we are going to have some impacts from the higher interest levels. We borrowed money to fund the shareholder payouts, and that's about a $30 million year-on-year pretax impact, so that pulled the number down a bit.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes. The market pricing average in 2011 was in the $230 million range, and we're using the current paper price, which is $155 a ton. It was a little below that starting the year. It was $138. So we have a month there of -- our actual realized pricing tends to lag a bit. We contract off of indexes with suppliers that we're not dealing with the spot market, and we didn't really see the negative impact of the decline at the very end of the year, and we're starting to see that flow through in the early part of the year. So when you use that kind of drop of $75 a ton plus some of the carryover impact, that's how we get to the $45 million estimate.
Brian P. McKeon: No, you didn't. It was -- in 2011, there was a few pieces. We have small operating losses in Italy. We had restructuring charges that were related to the overall International improvement plan, and we also had some costs related to the fire that we disclosed and talked about. So the combination of those 3 in terms of the profit results in 2011, moving them to discontinued operations was about $11 million of losses. That's not the run rate of the business. I think going forward, we're targeting basically flattish kind of profit in 2012, so there wasn't a benefit going forward. But there was a fair bit of losses that we're incurring this year.
Brian P. McKeon: I don't have that right in front of me, but a fair amount of those costs were in the fourth quarter. We can follow up on that for you.
Brian P. McKeon: All services for records management, it's probably more in the 20% range, a higher percentage because of the more active nature of some of it. And as part of the overall business, it's somewhat smaller because we don't have the same kind of development, in areas like data protection or also outside of the U.S. So that's a U.S. kind of reference.
Brian P. McKeon: These numbers throw in -- take basically U.K. and Western Europe, it's probably 60% or more, which looks a lot like the U.S. in terms of the growth profile.
C. Richard Reese: All right. Look, we could spend all day on that. I'll just say a few things about it. We are at a point where we're getting close to the June 9, and I want to make sure people are not reading anything I say either way because the first thing I'm going to tell you, it's about the most complicated Rubik's cube I've ever seen, and it is one of the most intellectually interesting problems I've ever seen, by the way, too. Having said that, we're working very hard at it and -- with a positive hypothesis to see if it can be made to work or not, but you also have to understand the REIT itself is only valuable if it can be done in a way that doesn't -- as I've used sort of in a colloquial fashion, the phrase is "Don't kill the goose that lays a golden egg." This is a goose with a long duration, and the value of our company is maintaining the duration. And to maintain the duration, you have to have a certain level of flexibility of how you operate and some ability to reinvest the capital to grow the business and so forth. So it's a trade of going for tax savings against balancing that, and it is overlaid with a lot of technical complexities, IRS complexities, operational and so forth and so on. So it's not like you'd go from a to b, make a decision, walk away. It's just not that easy. I wish it were because we'd be done by now. And to be frank with you, it's consumed a lot of our time and energy and a lot of focus of a lot of senior people in the business. In terms of what the REIT would do to leverage, there's all kinds of scenarios because the next question you have to ask yourself would be if your operator is a REIT, what does it do to your strategy? Do you change your strategy? How does that change? And so forth. So it's, again, too early to make a comment on that. We would expect that before June 9 -- or maybe I'd even say before our own June 9 because I don't exactly know when we will actually get it finished. Or said another way, when we do come forth with a decision, we will try to predict an answer as many as the questions that you guys have now. Either if we say we're going to pursue being a REIT, we'll try to be very clear and precise, and if we say we're not, we'll try to do the same thing, so...
C. Richard Reese: All right. I think, by and large -- and this little bit varies by geography. I mean, if you go to certain parts of the world, we're having very high activity levels, okay? So I think some of you expect it. Clearly, in the health care space, which is a key component that's driving it, as I've said, that is a modality shift and a real shift that's pretty unusual, but -- yes, and that will take some years for that to roll through. In the data protection tape rotation side, again, as customers install more technology to mirror themselves, they continue to use tape as a failsafe against their infrastructure and so forth, as well as archival, but it's less activity, less active kind of pattern and so forth. So I think we're going through some, over quite a bit of time, headwind for quite a few years as some of this does reside itself. And I do think our servicing relationship to storage is going to reside itself. You notice the storage is chugging along really quite well. Customers continue to generate information, and they continue to need to keep it and maintain it regardless of how they access it. So -- but yes, we are planning and assuming we're going to see those service headwinds for quite some time.
C. Richard Reese: I think it's going to look pretty darn similar for a couple of reasons. One is a lot of the records that you generate and you bring up our legacy, they've already been created, okay? They've just got to get assembled and moved and organized and so forth and so on. Places like Latin America is growing like a weed both on storage and activity and payments, and they're very technology savvy. We do more technology services in Latin America, more complex things for our customers than we do anywhere else, too. So there's a higher adoption rate of everything. And I think, look, what really happens is when you got great growing economies, you get it all happening, okay? And so it's pretty simplistic stuff to think about. Go where the world is going to be growing, and there's going to be a lot of information created, thrown out, need to be managed, need to be secured. And just like in North America, the real trend that you got to keep in mind is information was junk 25 or 30 years ago that people kept, just like you probably have an attic full or basement full, at least I do, of stuff that you keep because you won't throw it away, information. When I joined the business, that's the way it was looked at by everybody except pretty much financial services, okay? People didn't know why they kept it. They just kept it. And it has shifted to being a scenario where information is an asset. That means the way you think about its security, its chain of custody, its processing, who sees it, yadi-yadi-yada, go up. It has to be managed. It has to be maintained. That's going to happen in the rest of the world. That trend, I know, is absolutely happening already. And yes, there'll be plenty more technology moving around. The net of that -- the issue of plenty more technology moving around is some of our hybrid businesses in some of these emerging markets are booming faster than they are in our mature markets. And as I said, we do more complex work with more part of the chain of process of the business than everything else. So in a lot of respects, it makes it stickier, too.
C. Richard Reese: Operator, we're going to take one more call. I have historically tried to promise to keep this to one hour, and I'm already 5 minutes over. And it's my fault because I talked 30 minutes of it. So I apologize now. Plus we look at the queue of who's calling, and we're going to be on the phone with everyone of you throughout the rest of the day, so we'll make sure we catch your calls. But we'll take one more call for the group. Thank you.
C. Richard Reese: Financial services is a big player. I think financial services, to be candid with you, it's a different trend. Financial services, early adopter technology. They adopted technology years and years ago of all types, and -- but they're also major creators of information, including paper. The big trend in financial services is they, over the last 5, at least 5 to 7 years, have really gone about organizing their physical programs, making sure they know what they have and getting rid of what they can get rid of. And as you know, they've gone through various cycles of litigation cycles, some of which they're still in. And when they get in these litigation cycles, they basically continue to accumulate documents but don't throw much away. And then if they get a little breathing point between lawsuits and so forth and if the program is organized correctly, and they have to be in most cases, they'll do sort of catch-up destructions. And so financial services, what you've seen over the last few years is a dampening of growth on the storage side related to that trend. It'll build up, and then they'll do a lot of "Let's get rid of it," big destruction process. You also, by the way, see that after we talk about they rightsize their program, they get themselves caught up, then they grow along very nicely off of a lower base and so forth. And so when you deal with as much of them as we do, every year, you get big activities like that. So that's the big trend in financial services. They have been relatively inactive for a long time because they, as I've said, are the extreme early adopters of technology on this front. The health care is just -- in a lot of respects, it's just very unique. You know maybe more than I do about health care, but you know that a lot of money -- the Obama health care plan, the headline was $44 billion. I've been told it's going to be $80 billion, give or take. They're going to try to get every health organization to be computerized as carrots and sticks. It's going be interesting to watch it happen, but that's a lot of money to spend, and that's not even -- that's not being spent to reduce the storage or an activity bill. I wish we did have a percentage of that in the business. But we will see the fallout as they totally change their workflow. Not to 0, but it's going to rightsize. There's no doubt in my mind. And by the way, we are in a case where the comedown will be faster than the rise up. There's good opportunity for us in health care, and the best thing, to give you example, is the record type in health care that's dropped the fastest and continues and will drop the fastest, as I said, is physical x-rays. Because that is a case of real technology switch-out where they don't make them anymore, by and large. They do it on CAT scans, MRIs and other things. And that's why we, a few years ago, started a Digital business, digital record center for medical images. And when we sold our Digital business, we did not sell that product line. We announced a partnership not too long ago with NetApp, where we are their cloud back-end in that space. Like all annuity businesses that you do from scratch, it will start very slowly, but if you roll out over quite a bit of time, and that's the patience level that I understand that many of you don't have, but I've seen this movie many times, that will be a very nice business. And that's just going -- it'll be bigger than the x-ray business we have today. It will be more profitable than the x-ray business we have today, okay? But we're going to go through the troughs. When one comes down and the another one rises, the comedown rate is a lot faster than the rise rate. And it's just -- that's a fact of life.
C. Richard Reese: Well, the total health care is bigger, a bit bigger, but the highly active piece is smaller. Yes, it's like in the 5 or less of the storage kind of business.
C. Richard Reese: Yes. And the other thing I would stress to you, look, anything can change, but we dug pretty deep and looked at individual customer behavior. And what we do tend to see is an adoption curve where a customer will adopt, and their pattern will rapidly decline, and then it'll settle to a new level and then it goes on, all right? And then of course, what happens is every month or whatever, new customers are hitting that adoption cycle. And yes, we probably could do a better job. We just haven't slowed down and think about it, try to precisely guess how many years out this will run. But it will run quite a few years. It's a little bit every year. I mean, there's a low probability this will just -- we'll wake up one day and it'll drop like a rock. I think it'll just keep doing this for a while, unfortunately -- unfortunately, whichever way you look at it. I'm happy to keep it for a long time. We make money at it. On the other hand, we'll be whining about it for some years.
C. Richard Reese: Yes. We're scrambling for a document which will tell us that. You actually can find that on our website. If you looked at our April strategy presentation, we broke all that out, and somebody's going to point to me. All right, Stephen, interpret these numbers for me quickly.
C. Richard Reese: So as I said, we've run over, which we try not to do, but it's my long-windedness, which I apologize for. It was a good year of financial performance, as I said, and a good year of change. And I think the organization has adapted to the change very well, which we appreciate a lot. We've got a lot of work ahead of us. We are -- this is REIT, no REIT capital allocation work that's ongoing, I'll be candid with you now. We've set a date. It's such a complex Rubik's cube. It is a difficult issue. As you turn over rocks, you find more worms. You turn over more rocks, you find more worms. But we're working it really hard. We're going to make the deadline one way or the other, but we are focused hard on it. And we appreciate your support, and we look forward to seeing you guys as we're out on the road, and many of you, we'll talk to the rest of the day. Thank you very much.
