William Leo Meaney: Thanks, Stuart. And before opening up for Q&A, I'd like to reiterate that we are pleased with our performance in what was a very eventful yet positive year for the company. We successfully integrated Recall. We achieved strong performance in the business with solid operating fundamentals, and are excited by further opportunities in both emerging markets and the adjacent business area. Our guidance for this year calls for solid gains in revenue, EBITDA, and AFFO, and that we expect will drive durable cash flow to support investment for both long-term growth as well as consistent increases in our quarterly dividend in line with our earlier expectations. We look forward to updating you on our multiyear plan at our upcoming Investor Day on April 20. With that, operator, I'd like to open up to questions please.
William Leo Meaney: So you've got it right on the head, Kevin. So, basically, just to be clear, the internal growth is calculated on excluding Recall, right.
William Leo Meaney: So it is purely internal growth. But, at the same time, it's including as the business has gone through the course of the year, it's including internal growth on the acquired portion of the Recall business. So that's why we're guiding next year for the 2%, 2.5% because the denominator will change in terms of that calculation. So you're right, it's very strong performance in the growth in the fourth quarter, but the denominator will change slightly in terms of the calculation going into 2017. So the guidance range is between 2%, 2.5%.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah, look, I think – good morning, Andrew. I think it is a fair – you probably know, I'm kind of always a glass-is-half-empty person focusing on what we have to do rather than what we've done. But, no, I think the North American team has made some really good progress, both on the volume side and on the pricing side, so I think it's starting to flow through. But there's always more that we can do, but I think you're right. I think they've done a nice job. And as you know, nothing happens really fast in this business. In fairness, it's not something that they've done in the last quarter or the last year. It's something that they've been doing over the last three years.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. Good morning, George. Well, first of all, I think we are getting, as you pointed out, faster and I think we talked about that on the Q3 call. I think it really comes down to, first of all, before especially being a public takeover, to take over a public company, our level of diligence before we could close the deal was limited, right. So we had to make certain assumptions and we tend to be conservative in those assumptions until we actually can open the barn door, so to speak, and see what's there. So the good news is that we have been able to execute a lot harder and lot faster in terms of getting the synergies than what we had forecasted based on really almost publicly available data or very limited diligence. So that's the good news. And it sets us up well for 2017 where our target is $80 million and we already had $65 million exit rate in 2016. In terms of getting more, we're still working through the upside. As we've always said, we do expect that there will be additional synergies coming out of this acquisition and we always consider that most likely or most probably in the real estate segment, and we're continuing to pick through that. The good news is some of that may come through quicker because of the shorter leases that we pointed out, but it still has to be a location-by-location basis. So we're not forecasting an uptick in the overall synergies at this point, but we're pleased by the progress we've made so far.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. It's a good point. I think that any continuous improvement – think of Transformation as a continuous improvement program. It's any of those things that you would expect that you're going to reinvest when you have the right opportunities into the business. But it is fair to say that the first tranches of the Transformation program flowed straight through to the bottom line. So the two areas that we're investing: one of them think about getting the last $25 million of the Transformation benefits or the continuous improvement benefit is associated with shared services in our IT and HR and finance functions. And that's going to require some double running while we transition to new service providers in those areas and some upfront investments. So that's one part of that $20 million is that we will have some double running cost during 2017, which will effectively mean that $25 million of next tranche of Transformation benefit won't be self funding in the year, right. So that's part of it. And then the other part of it is in line with bringing Fidelma onboard to further accelerate what we've been doing over the last couple years and investing more in technology on behalf of our customers so that they can get more out of the information that we're storing for them. You'll see some of that on Investor Day, some of the investments that we're making and what we call innovation on behalf of our customers. So some of it goes into that and as Fidelma further builds on the team that we have there.
William Leo Meaney: I think that we are making some progress. As I pretty much say on every quarter, and also kind of reiterating part of my answer to Andrew, is nothing happens quickly in this business, because the good news is it's a highly durable, stable business; the bad news is it's a highly durable, stable business. In other words, any change I make today takes some time to actually start flowing through. And, as you know, that we've been working an making sure that we're getting the right value, i.e. price for some of the services that we're working on and that's starting to show real benefits, so.
William Leo Meaney: I think it's a good try, Shlomo, for us to kind of give you 2018 guidance, but we're not going to do that. I mean, I think you can take it to the bank that we're investing $20 million back into the business because we expect to get a return on that. But to give you what the exact return on that's going to be in 2018, I'm not going to tell you. I mean you know that we're going to have $25 million of more Transformation benefit, so part of that $20 million goes to making sure that we smoothly get to that last $25 million which requires double running cost to get there. But I'm not going to call out exactly what the return on investment is going to be on the innovation. But I think after the Investor Day, you'll probably have a better view of kind of the things that we're working on, but you're going to have to wait until this time next year for 2018 guidance.
William Leo Meaney: No, I think you can argue that the $25 million of Transformation, so that $25 million of Transformation benefit is, you could argue it's costing us a bit more in the sense that what we always set up the Transformation Program, as much as we possibly could, we would self fund it. In other words, the cost to get the Transformation is we would action things early enough in the year, so that by the end of the year it paid for itself and then you got the full benefit the following year. On this last $25 million, what we're saying is that we're not going to be able to do that in 2017, but the full benefit will go through. So you could argue that it's costing us more because we're not able to self fund it in the benefit that we're going to get in 2017. I think that's fair.
William Leo Meaney: You are seeing some of that. You're already seeing that Shlomo, because you've been watching the story a pretty long time, is you're already starting to see that shift, right, because now, where 20% of the mix now is higher growth and you're starting to see that both on the top and the bottom line starting to – what I would call wind at our backs in terms of that 2%, 2.5% of storage and overall flattening to slightly positive growth in service. So you are starting to see that kind of build in. But at this point it's more, I would say, wind at your back than a major switch that's been flipped.
William Leo Meaney: It goes back to my – question, so Kevin had it right. You can also say that 2.9% that we had in Q4 was also – I could show you the opposite Karin that, oh well you're really kind of trending up. I think what you're seeing where we're guiding between the 2% and 2.5% is the denominator is changing out, because don't forget, we integrated Recall. So what's happening is, is that we're getting similar or better continued growth in terms of absolute volume growth, but on a bigger base. So the 2% to 2.5% is as much – is mainly a reflection of the denominator. It's not that we're going from 2.9% in Q4 and we're saying, okay, now we're trending down between 2% and 2.5%. It's because in the course of 2016, we had the go-forward growth on a bigger base as we went through the year, although we subtracted the base, the Recall base that we did it on an internal basis. But still the overall base number hadn't been adjusted. So as we start getting into Q3 and Q4 of 2017, you'll see effectively the denominator change. So it's really the math. Not a change in the business.
William Leo Meaney: Well, it's a little bit slower, yeah, because don't forget we have now a bigger business in Australia and they also had a sizeable business in North America.
William Leo Meaney: So the way it works Shlomo is we take out all the Recall base business, so if we bought – we bought Recall at the beginning of May and if we had a Recall customer that grew from May until the end of the year, the growth on that customer was part of the internal growth number, but the original volume for that customer was excluded.
William Leo Meaney: Okay, well, thank you all for your time this morning. Thank you, operator and I hope to see as many of you as possible on the April 20 in New York City. So have a good rest of reporting season.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah, over time it will. We still in 2017 will have a little bit I'll call it of above-average run rate. Some of that's just due to the maintenance that we've got on some of the Recall facilities that are flowing through in 2016 and 2017 and then after that it should be trending down.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah, Andrew. Yeah, that will be close to flattish. Again, you've got to remember, the service internal growth doesn't really have as big an impact as it flows through to gross profit in the bottom line, but flattish – it will be plus or minus 1% to 2%.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah, Shlomo, I think that if you're focused on EBITDA, I think maybe the simplest way to look at it is to start with the Q4 run rate that we've got, so we start with a Q4 run rate of just under $300 million and if you annualize that, that's going to get you to almost $1.2 billion, $1.188 billion. You got to remember in Q4 also we were having increasing synergies and Transformation benefits. So not all that flows through the quarter. So you have to annualize those benefits as well. That will get you about $40 million and you're going to have organic growth goes on in the business, right, every year. It's about 2%. And so that will get you about $25 million. Then you've got some incremental synergies that we've talked about, the difference between incremental synergies to be actioned in 2017, that's about $15 million and then you've got M&A activities that we have built in the guidance, which will give you about $10 million of EBITDA in 2017. You take all that together and you get to almost $1.280 billion when you add those up. And then we talked about the $20 million that we're going to be reinvesting back into shared services and innovation, that gets you close to $1.260 billion which is close to the midpoint of the guidance of $1.265 billion, that's the easiest way to sort of walk through the change from where we're going from 2016 into 2017.
Stuart B. Brown: If you're looking at guidance in November to guidance now, it's really the $20 million and the FX rate that had a negative impact as well. Those are the two main changes.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. You could be, but we've assumed in guidance right now that the paper prices stay consistent from 2016 – right, they're volatile. So we've assumed that 2016 stays on average flat with 2016 at about $140-$145 recycled (sic) [recycled sorted office] paper pricing.
Stuart B. Brown: I mean, you'll start getting the return to the benefits from them really more in 2018. So you think about the back office shared services that Bill talked about. We'll have double running costs this year, so in 2018 those double running costs go away and then we start to take back office costs out. So those will continue to have benefits as well as the revenue growth that we expect and some of the other innovations will really start to benefit 2018 as well.
Stuart B. Brown: It's going to be – yeah, what I'd tell you is that, and Bill sort of touched on it, we've really moved Transformation into a continuous program to really take cost out of the business, and improve capital deployment and keep growing the business. So what you'll do is, yeah, you should continue to see margin improvement in 2018 and 2019 as benefits from these in terms of, are we going to specifically call them out as Transformation benefits. I don't think we're going to sort of specify them that way.
Stuart B. Brown: In risk of over answering this question, we could have staged it out to match funds, but the right answer for the business was to do HR and IT and finance all at the same time, and since you're doing all those at the same time, you've got more cost upfront and you'll get more of the benefits later on.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah, if you look at the revenue mix of the 2% to 2.5% storage and the flattish of service, you'll end up plus or minus 2%, unless you have an even number in front of me, because I think of them very differently because they are such different profit margins and such different drivers of the business.
Stuart B. Brown: I think over time you're going to continue to see us grow into the dividend, right, when we set the expectations for dividend growth out as part of our 2020 plan. That was always in anticipation of getting the synergies and Transformation benefits continuing to grow the business. And so, I think, yeah, so if you look at purely from what's required dividend for being a REIT, we're going to continue to return to shareholders more in dividends than is required, but we're going to grow into that over the next few years.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. I think the one distinction I've made is the really the real estate, the actual maintenance piece has been pretty well on track with guidance, is the non-real estate CapEx which includes things like back office IT systems at corporate and out in the field, warehouse equipment, that's where we've gone through and really sat down and said, what do we need to be investing in the business or is it better to repair than buy new as well as looking out over the next couple years in terms of system replacements, what can we not replace today and just sort of keep it going and because we're going to upgrade over the next couple of years. So we've gone through and sort of cleaned back or cut back some of the requests that have gone in that area. I think what you'll see us continue to do is on the maintenance side. Again, it'll be a little bit elevated in 2016 and 2017 because there is some deferred maintenance at Recall that we've got to do and that piece of it will trend down as a percentage of revenue or on a square foot basis.
Stuart B. Brown: So when you look at the volume growth in the supplemental on slides 9 and 10, you'll see the overall trends increasing on new volume from existing customers and new sales, as well as destructions increasing as that volume comes in there, so that's the easiest place to see it.
