Roderick Day: We are still working through the details of that, because the key thing for us is, obviously, to finance these in the most effective way. The likelihood is that we will finance some through debt and some through some level of equity, but we will structure this in such a way that we can generate the maximum level of returns for our investors. And we'll provide more details of that, as we work our way through that later this year.
Roderick Day: Bill, it's interesting points you make there. One sort of addition I just want to add is that we have service revenue associated with our perms and terms. And as they've decreased in the quarter, that actually had impact to our service revenue in the quarter. And it's a negative as it were on service, but it's a positive for the longer term of the business.
Roderick Day: Yes. I mean, actually on Slide 27 of the supplement, so it gives you a sort of the profile of how our leases look to expire. And what this shows -- if you look at the top chart, it shows when the leases come up, the sort of first expiration, as it were, and then the bottom is what would happen if we were to extend our leases into the longer term. And so the reason why there is such a difference is that when we've taken out lease agreements, we have typically looked for very long-term leases. So we've always kind of had that option in there for us to be able to extent. So the first point, I guess, in terms of our ability to buy, is we are long-term tenants. People see us as long-terms tenants. And we try to sort of structure that within our lease arrangements. And so then the second thing we try to do, not with all leases, but with certainly a significant number, is indeed to incorporate elements as sort of buyout clauses within there, which should work to our advantage. So we have a purchase option immediate -- so a good approach is an option of around sort of 6 million square feet, and that should be at good terms for us. And we would look to move forward on -- so any elements of that. We will always do this in a way that creates value for shareholders, but that's kind of where we stand today.
Roderick Day: Yes. No, for sure. So if you think of it, typically we might borrow around 6% -- the lease rate, if you like, would be around 8%. So you've got a 200-basis-point spread as a sort of general rule.
Roderick Day: So that's right, Bill. But certainly, we aim for the -- I think to the point, we are aiming for the investments to be accretive. Correct.
Roderick Day: I think it would depend on the speed with which we could effectively acquire the leases, if I'm answering the question. So it will be -- it will depend on that phasing. So we wouldn't -- obviously, we wouldn't be able to buy all our leases on sort of day 1, but we would have -- we would expect to have a program to do so over time.
Roderick Day: Yes. So the way to think about the stabilized portfolio is, is a kind of like-for-like. So where we -- so we're kind of excluding acquisitions and buildings that would have come out of that portfolio. It's just kind of like core, if you like, within that.
Roderick Day: No, it's the buildings as opposed to the racking. If we sell a building or acquire a building in the period, we wouldn't include that.
William L. Meaney: No, I don't think it's a very good leading indicator for, Scott, on the activity levels. So the nature of these things, for instance -- I think one of our larger projects last year was for a mortgage company, because they had certain things that they were actually selling and repackaging to someone else and we had to go in and help them, which both scan and organize a number of these documents. So it's that kind of lumpiness of activity. It's usually related to either a on-boarding of a major customer that has some specific needs or a major customer doing some kind of transaction that requires special services. So it tends to not have a very good correlation with, I think, any leading indicator. So it really is a one-off type project. Now given the -- it's even probably more lumpy than you see, when you look at our business from an analytical standpoint, but given the scale of our business, some of those lumps smooth out, but it really is of that kind of nature.
William L. Meaney: I think that the -- I think it's fairly stable. I think that, if anything -- if you look at -- I think it was on Page 8. If you look at the trends in what's happening, I think that we don't see, I think, additional pressure on that. I think what we see now is, what we euphemistically call the power of the mountain, is we've got a lot more focused in honing our commercial skills. And as a result we are doing better both on defense and offense. So if you look at the trends from a year ago until today, you'll see that we've done better both in terms of sales, so out there winning by about 300 basis points over the whole period that we've got graft, and we've improve our defense by about 80 basis points. So I think that the -- I wouldn't -- and if you look at that in an environment where we're still pushing revenue -- positive revenue growth, are we making some trade-offs? Maybe, but a lot of it is also the segments that happen to be addressing, both in terms of the countries we're going after and the customers that we're going after. So I think, net-net, I don't see a major change in the competitive market other than we're using the power of the mountain or the scale that we have for the benefit of our customers, I think, much more fuller or much more comprehensively. I think the only thing that's a challenge in the low-inflationary environments that we have is price is always a challenge. Because most of the countries that we operate in, at least ones that we have any significant size, are in low inflationary environments and putting price increases through, and those types of environments is always difficult.
William L. Meaney: Well, let's look at the chart. If we look at Q2 '14, just so we're just looking at the same numbers. So let's look at the charts by color chain [ph]. So if you look you look of the dark blue block just above the line and the right red black just below the line, I think those things are going to tend to run in similar trends. Although the light red, to me, also tends to have some lumpiness, some of that is to do with legal holds coming on or off, so you can have some movement around that 4.7. But I think, generally, that's what we would call the organic growth of the business. So I think, as I've pointed out previously, that independent of everything else, even though paper itself is in decline, document growth -- new document growth from existing customers tends to be in the 6% to 7% range, which is the dark blue block, and I expect that to stay in that range. That gets netted out, because customers are going through different life cycles with their inventory and that's been bouncing around the 4.5% to, say, 4.7% range. And I would expect those -- so I expect those 2 to be relatively stable going forward. I think the -- lets leave the acquisitions out, because that is -- we do have an acquisition strategy, biased more towards the emerging markets. But I think what you're really referring to is: what's the organic growth health of the business in terms of things that are -- that's more incremental? So I think then it really comes down to you asking, are we going to do better or with the trend in terms of new sales, which is the lighter blue or the kind of medium blue bar, 2.2%; and our defense, which is the out perm, so where we are actually are losing business, which is dark red, of minus 2%. To say that we're going to continue on a certain trend line, I'm not going to guide for that. The only thing I would say is that, I think, the improvement that we've highlighted, I think we should be able to hang on to in that order of magnitude of where we're taking is -- we're quite encouraged by a couple of things that we've done with our commercial operation, both in terms of the way that we develop products now and take advantage of our global scale, not just local scale, in terms of getting insights in terms of what customers find helpful in terms of our product and solution delivery. And then the other part of it is, is that some of the reorganization of our sales force that we've talked about a few quarters now, both in terms of the verticalization, which again, gives us better insights in terms of solutions that our customers are looking for. And that seems to be resonating where you see in both the better -- in trend both in new sales, as well as defense. And then the last aspect is, is that we are boosting our presence in the middle market. Our presence in the enterprise part of the segment has been strong for many, many years, but we're now also trying to have a similar representation in the middle market. So again, I think there is lots of things that underpin that we should be able to maintain those kinds of trends, but I'm not guiding for major increase in either of those.
William L. Meaney: Yes, I think that's a good summary. The only thing I also would add is in the other category, a lot of that is the middle market. And we have roughly 20% share of wallet in the middle market where we have, say, 60% share of wallet in the large enterprise market. So I'm not saying that we're going to get to the same share of wallet. But we do feel, like the federal market, that we're underrepresented in others. So how those things move out? But I would say that -- I agree with Ron saying as we're well represented in kind of the Big 3, so to speak, legal, financial and insurance, not that we wouldn't want more business there. We are constantly pushing. But we do have some areas like federal, and, I would say, the middle market, and other where we're underrepresented and we think there's real opportunity.
William L. Meaney: It's a good question. We do normally talk about healthcare, so I'm glad you brought that up, Scott. We have -- we continue to be pleased with what we are seeing the swap-out, or the change. Because, obviously, the electronic medical records has affected our service revenue in healthcare probably more than any other vertical, as more and more of the healthcare records have gone online. That being said, we've been able to increase our storage revenue in healthcare by taking in more records. So we have year-on-year storage growth of almost a little less than 1%, which goes to that trend. So they're not destroying the records. In fact, we're getting more records as they're cleaning out the hospitals as well. In storage, as you recall, has about 2x the margin that service. So healthcare continues to be a major focus for us. We are also finding through these conversations, which goes back to Rod's comment about the verticalization, is we're gaining further insights on how we can service them even beyond the traditional, what I would call, medical record area. So it is an area where, I think, innovation is actually helping us, especially shifting us to higher-margin work.
William L. Meaney: I think that the -- well, there is kind of a couple of things. One is that we're still seeing -- if we look at the 2 businesses, Andrew, I think it's worthwhile to look at records management versus data management, because data management, we still are seeing probably stronger headwinds in terms of getting to a, what I'll call, a stable floor than we are in records management. And the reason for that simply is that we're still finishing up the transition from tape being for backup and recovery to tape being an archival product. Right? So our storage volume, it continues to grow in the DM business, but how tape is being used is different. So as a result, we're doing this transition to a different service model, which happens to have a lower activity associated with it. And the thing I should highlight is, we are able to maintain our margins pretty closely during these drops in activity. So it's important to understand that it's an activity-driven. Whereas on the records management side, the data that we're looking at, we are further down that cycle, if I will, that transition to a more archival nature. So things like I was highlighting in healthcare, healthcare traditionally was a high-service business because it had a lot of, what we call, active file with medical records going backwards and forwards between the hospitals and our facilities. That obviously is gone away, or going away, fairly quickly in most locations. So I think in records management, that trend to archival nature of our services is further ahead, and we see that decline flattening out. So that's what we're really -- where we're looking at. At some point, it does get to the transition from active to archive you get through 80%, 90% of the transition, and I think that's where we're at with the records management. And we are -- I think we're well down that journey with data management, but we're not as far down the journey as we are with records management.
William L. Meaney: I think, relatively, it's -- I think that it's probably going to kind of go up and down a little bit. I think the -- and it depends on what we replace some of that service revenues. So some of it is where we're replacing -- we're cannibalize our own backwards and forwards transportation, if you will, by providing them scanning and online options to retrieve data as well. So the part of it is, is we're also providing different ways for the customer to get the information back that's more efficient.
William L. Meaney: I think the way to think about it is just reemphasizing what Rod is saying. Because we have fair market clauses in most of our leases, virtually almost all of our leases when we renew, that allows -- so the way you have to think about it is it's the cost of financing is how you create value, it's not the arbitrage in terms of being able to get something at a lower price. So I think the better way to model it or to think about it is that 200-basis-point spread, which is around the financing cost of 8% to lease, 6% to own, right? Because I wouldn't try to build in us being able to buy at a better price. I think where the arbitrage comes in, potentially, is on the residual values. Because what we're capturing, especially in the emerging markets which we are -- in my previous life, I played this out a number of times where we used to buy real estate purposely because we could capture, in 15 or 20 years, the urban growth to capture additional residual value. So that's a longer-term capture. And I think you have to also do it as a backdrop. When we say leases is that a number of our leases -- as I say, these typically are very long leases. So it -- in fact, if you look in places like Asia, you typically can only buy leaseholds, but you are able to get, effectively, the full economical ownership. In fact, in some markets, you can even get this part of the residual value because of your ability to trade leases. That's not in very country, but in some countries you can do that. So that's what we're really talking about is how do we actually take some these long-term leases where we have a lot of the economics of owning, and how do we further capture it? And I think the best way to think of it is the 200 basis points of potential spread between cost of ownership.
William L. Meaney: I think -- I'll actually let Rod speak, but I think what Rod's saying, it will be a blend, most likely. I mean, that's the one thing that we're working out is the blend between equity and debt to do that. So it will be on a blended basis.
William L. Meaney: And I think -- look none of these things -- it'd be wonderful if we could do something today, and it's absolutely accretive the next day. I mean, these things -- we look at allocating capital on net present value basis and an earning per shares basis over stabilized returns, and we look at how long it takes you to get there versus how much you have to take in early. I think that the ability for most companies to be able to time these things exactly is never there. But I think it's fair to say, emphasizing what Rod's point is, is that if we go out and raise equity, for instance, it will be with a clear visibility and understanding of how that becomes accretive for the shareholders. But to say that you can do these things matching on a one-to-one basis instantaneously, I think we're not saying it can't be done, but I would say right now that it's hard to see how to do that. That being said, whatever we do, we'd be -- we would have the transparency around it with our shareholders and investors that how that is accretive in terms of their interest in the company.
William L. Meaney: Yes, I highlighted that in my remarks. If you go back -- I think you'll see that I went through. For instance, in North America, we added 1.3 million cubic feet of internal growth in the first half of this year.
William L. Meaney: Yes, what I can give you is, for instance, is that below the bar, for North America, was minus 6.6%.
William L. Meaney: Which is a minus 6.7% in this one. And we can give you the numbers on above the bar. But what the North American -- so the North American below the bar is a little bit better than what it is on a consolidated basis. And then in terms of the net volume growth, before acquisitions, in North America, as I said, we added 1.3 million cubic feet.
William L. Meaney: Thank you, operator. To wrap up, we had a strong quarter that demonstrates the durability of Iron Mountain, as well as our renewed commercial focus in delivering, what we call, "the power of the mountain" to our customers through harnessing our scale in product development and solution delivery. We demonstrated progress with our strategic plan in several areas. We are getting more out of developed markets, with solid improvement in volume and improved trend in internal growth. We are building our business in emerging markets and continuing to drive strong organic growth there. And our conversion to a REIT is driving improved returns, enhanced disclosure, and we believe over time an expanded shareholder base. We feel very strongly as a real estate company, the REIT structure enhances the value to our shareholders. And we're committed to driving attractive returns through continued expected growth in OIBDA and, ultimately, FFO and AFFO of about 4%, and believe the durability and stable growth in our business will support growth in our dividend, in line with cash flow growth over the long term. Thank you very much for joining us today.
