William Leo Meaney: I think you're going to appreciate that we haven't done our due diligence to this point, so to give us – to give you specific guidance, we're just not in a position to do that. I think that – I think you can probably get a sense of it in terms of we – we're looking at something that synergizes in the 7.5 times to 8 times range based on the $125 million to $140 million worth of synergies we've guided. So it is clearly very accretive on EPS, FFO and AFFO, which obliviously drives to deleveraging and dividend growth. But at this point, we haven't done the due diligence on the company so we're not in a position to guide for that.
William Leo Meaney: You can probably appreciate that we have taken counsel on the anti-trust side and we feel that there is a very good – a very good beneficial path through any of the hurdles that we may meet in terms of regulatory.
William Leo Meaney: Thanks, George. I think, first of all the synergies include both tax and operational benefits. I mean it's probably fair to say we've been a little bit conservative because we've just been relying on really public information and we haven't been able to do due diligence. So we feel very confident that we can deliver those numbers but you'll notice we're probably less bullish than some of the analysts' reports that have been written previously on. So we are pretty comfortable and that is – that's including all the regulatory aspects, tax aspects and operational aspects built into that number, the puts and takes associated with that.
William Leo Meaney: Again, we've taken a counsel on that. In other words, we've been in consultation for a period of time now with external counsel that specializes in that area, and we think we can achieve a satisfactory outcome. But we haven't finalized the proposal, we haven't done any fillings. So at this point to speculate on that I think it would be pure speculation. But we do feel that based on the studies that we've done so far with external counsel that we'll achieve a satisfactory outcome.
William Leo Meaney: This – our – again that was one of our key pieces of analysis that we did when we looked at the acquisition is to determine our level of confidence that we could both acquire it and absorb it into our REIT structure, in other words, convert the Recall assets into a REIT. And again, we will confirm that through the due diligence process, but we are highly confident that we can do that. So we wouldn't do it otherwise unless we could convert the Recall assets into the REIT.
William Leo Meaney: Well, you have to look at the size of Recall's business in North America that is storage related, so don't forget their business is not that large in North America, it's a global business, but it's in North America where you have the tax benefits. So their tax liability in North America is not as big as you may think.
William Leo Meaney: Andrew, if you – the thing that's a little bit unique about Recall, it is at the higher end, but we have achieved that before as you pointed out. And the reason why we feel that it's at the higher end and maybe it exceeds some of our best integrations is that Recall is one of the few out there that runs an international platform. So they have a lot – if you look at their SG&A, it's very different than the SG&A of a small regional player. Because they are actually built – they are running a global company with all the costs that are associated with that, albeit they are doing at a scale that's one forth our size. So if you look at their SG&A, I think you can get a handle on why we feel that the $125 million to $140 million is actually a conservative or – we feel very confident around that number.
William Leo Meaney: Shlomo, you've been around a long time, so you answer the question for me. But no, I think, it's a good question. So just to clarify, in year two there we think we'll be half way through the synergies. So the first year, I mean, first year we're assuming is 2016 just for people to be level set. So, year two would be 2017. So we think 2016 is a lot of the heavy lifting in terms of the restructuring, then in 2017 is when you start – that that cost starts falling away and you start seeing the benefits split bleed through. So 2002 – I think at – year two 2017 we see about half the benefits coming through. And exactly as you say, we'll get a better handle on it through due diligence but the rest of it comes through – a lot of it is driven by the real estate consolidation and that generally takes the timeframe you're talking about two years to five years. It depends on the nature of their leases and our leases in the areas that we're overlapping.
William Leo Meaney: One thing I want – and this was feedback that we received from a number of analysts and investors. So hopefully if you look in the supplemental on pages 10 and 11, I'd direct you to those, in part of the organizational shift and putting all of the developed markets under a single leader, is we've been – we've broken out and built a lot more transparency in terms of how our volume works. And then – so hopefully you'll start seeing, you can see how that trend has been building as you say, as Rod pointed out, Q1, we maintained the same 0.5% positive volume growth as we did in Q4, just in the North American business. And you have to remember you can say those are small percentages but it's off a very big base. So North America alone we have over 370 million cubic feet. So it's significant.
William Leo Meaney: I'll let Rod kind of answer it in detail, but the one thing, I think we covered this on previous calls, you need to keep in mind is that there is, at some point, actually increasing profitability on our shred helps us the way the test works because there is a back and forth. In other words, we have to get shred to a certain level of profitability. So, having higher prices – having higher profitability in shred doesn't necessarily lead to the result that you think it does. So that's kind of at a very high level way of saying we have plenty of headroom, but, Rod, you may want to be a bit more specific.
William Leo Meaney: And very specifically which is probably what's behind your question is if we look at the acquisition of Recall, we don't envision a problem of combining. Recall's business is quite a bit smaller, their strip quite a bit smaller than ours in North America. And we don't see a problem in terms of combining those two businesses.
William Leo Meaney: We wouldn't be making a public announcement about the deal if we thought there was a high risk item that would crater the deal. I mean clearly we have to do the due diligence. So, we haven't made a binding agreement, but we have an agreed proposal with Recall and we wouldn't do that if we expected to have a major hiccup in the process. So, we don't see anything.
William Leo Meaney: It's fixed and it's subject to confirmatory due diligence. So, there's no – I mean there's no expectation or you'd have to renegotiate the whole term. So, it really is that we've done enough work on it that we're very comfortable that that is the right valuation. And Recall's board also feels that it's the right valuation for their shareholders. And now the next three weeks to four weeks that we highlighted in the press release is about confirmatory due diligence.
William Leo Meaney: I think you can understand at this point we're not going to comment on what the regulatory authorities in different jurisdictions may think or not think of it. The only thing I would just repeat is that we have taken extensive counsel from external advisors or lawyers on this point and we believe that we will achieve a satisfactory outcome in those jurisdictions.
William Leo Meaney: We will also learn more about the regulatory aspects during the due diligence. Due diligence is primarily operational, but we will learn a number of things during that period which will be helpful.
William Leo Meaney: At this point, we don't expect an issue in China. Both of our businesses are very small in China. I mean, the Chinese government will take their own view, I'm sure. But it's – both of us have – I mean, it improves both of our position, but neither one of us are very large in the China context.
William Leo Meaney: Well, looks like we are through the Q&A, operator. I just want to thank you for your flexibility, and again apologies for the short notice, but I think you can imagine that given the timing of achieving a positive result on the acquisition of Recall, we felt it was important to combine that with our earnings call which was originally scheduled for Thursday. So, again, thank you very much for your flexibility, and just to reiterate that we're very pleased in terms of our results in the first quarter, continue to show real momentum in the operating performance and improvement in the business. And of course, we're very excited to finally end the speculation around Recall and to have agreed a proposal to acquire the company. So thank you very much and have a good day.
Roderick Day: Yes, maybe just to build on that, Bill and George, as you know we've done hundreds of acquisitions over the year, obviously not on this (33:55) scale. But we try to use that experience when – to come to bear in sort of calculating what we think is a sensible range for synergies (34:05).
Roderick Day: I can give you a sort of approximate number, Andrew, based on our analysis so far. We think it's around $10 million, could be slightly more. But clearly that's one of the elements that we'd hope to get a better handle on through due diligence.
Roderick Day: Actually in the supplemental on page 10, we've broken this all the key numbers out in more detail than we've done historically. And what you can see, if you were to strip out business acquisitions to just sort of look underlying, there was a 0.5% growth year-on-year in Q1 2015, which actually compares quite consistently with the previous three quarters. And then if you go back further in time looking at this chart, at the beginning of 2013, you can see that to your point was when we were at zero or negative growth.
Roderick Day: Yes, there's actually a specific on shred, as Bill says around sort of cross subsidization between the QRS and the TRS, so that if we increase the profitability of shred, it would actually work to the advantage of some of our REIT tests. But I think the broader point and – that you make, Shlomo, is that around just sensitivity to issues within the business and do we have enough cushion within our REITs and against the REIT test to be able to handle that. We think we do. It's something that we're very conscious of and we analyze lots of different scenarios and sensitivities to try and ensure that that is the case.
