William L. Meaney: Thanks, Rod. And before we move to Q&A, I'd like to sum up by saying that despite some noise this quarter due to one-offs and aligning ourselves as a REIT, we are in line with our expectations and consistent with the strategic plan we laid out at Investor Day. The fundamentals are important, and we're pleased with the positive momentum we're seeing in the business. More specifically, we are driving volume in storage rental across both developed and emerging markets, we're shifting our revenue mix to faster growing emerging markets, and we're executing on attractive acquisitions and focusing on building scale, particularly given the highly fragmented nature of the markets we operate in. Our momentum leading into 2015 is strong. Our storage rental revenue internal growth accelerated to 2.2% in the third quarter, having started the year in the first quarter at 1.4%. In addition to continue strong internal volume growth in our Emerging Markets of 9%, we added 3.7 million cubic feet of internal growth in our developed markets as well, and added 1.6 million cubic feet in North America alone. In our emerging business area, we expanded capacity in the data center business by 25%, and more than 90% of the inventory space is contracted. And we've added another 700,000 square feet to our owned real estate portfolio at unlevered returns between 9% and 12%. 2015 preliminary guidance calls for similar growth in operating performance and adjusted OIBDA, although we anticipate some reported revenue headwinds due to the continued strengthening of the dollar. We expect consistent trends for durable storage rental revenue in developed markets, and are on track to continue to make emerging markets a more significant portion of our overall sales mix. And we continue to identify and incubate new business opportunities that are complementary to our core business. We believe the culmination of these key drivers in steady growth in earnings and AFFO, consistent with our [indiscernible] day projections and related growth in our dividend. With that, Operator, we're ready to take questions.
William L. Meaney: I think that -- Scott, I think, these are -- they are large, specific projects. Sometimes they are consulting projects, when we are bringing a new customers in, there's a number of things that they want to look at in terms of cleaning up some of their processes or digitizing parts of their inventory. So it's everything from bringing in new customers and some of the costs associated with that from their standpoint, to one-off projects again, where customers are going through a major cleanup or digitization of some of their records. So it's one of those areas which is probably the more difficult to guide for, because it's something that is usually driven by customer relationships and specific asks on their part. So it is something that we market for, but it's something that is hard to predict.
William L. Meaney: And the only thing I would add to that is we expect that and it is -- you can think of it as also a -- it's a marketing expense that has a very nice profit associated with it in terms of either maintaining a strong customer relationship as a way we differentiate ourselves with our customers, or, as I said earlier, in terms of getting a customer in, but it is also an area where we're able to variabilize our cost base. So it's something that we can preserve the margins, even though you have this lumpiness, but it's very much part of why we -- our revenue is so sticky, because we're able to provide these additional services to our customers when they need it.
William L. Meaney: I think we are -- I think on that point is that where our investment on the sales force is less on organization and reorg. We think the reorganization we did last year to get them much more in tune and closer to the market. Because as I said in my remarks, our market is still very fragmented, so we wanted to make sure that we were aligning the sales force with those real opportunities and unvended opportunities are. I think our focus this year now is less on the reorganization, because we think we've got that right, but more on the training in performance management of the sales force. So that's really the focus, and so we think we've got the right numbers, we've got them in the right places, and now it's about equipping them from a training in performance management standpoint.
William L. Meaney: Yes, the only thing I'd add to it. You -- just reiterating or emphasizing what Rod is saying is we wouldn't change -- we've said that -- we had that program to target the improvement to get up to 25% or mid-20% margins in the international portfolio, we wouldn't move off of that. You will get noise from time to time because of the timing of certain acquisitions and integration costs associated with that, but we feel pretty good about the portfolio as it is today that the maturing of some and adding of others that we think that mid-20s in terms of margin target is where we'll maintain.
William L. Meaney: I think it's hard to say what we can and we can't do in terms of acquisitions. We don't see a need on the -- this year, we obviously didn't need to do a major equity raise. So I suppose these things are always possible, but this year, for sure, we didn't have to contemplate anything like that to do the acquisitions that we have.
William L. Meaney: Shlomo, it's Bill. It's a good question. I think that what I would say is that we're down to really where you would expect to be, roughly around the -- we're at 1.9%. So yes, the 2% to 1.9%, I think is probably the right level of that. And I wouldn't say it was even the contracting terms, I think it just came down to good customer service and good customer management. I think -- quite frankly, we had take our eye off the ball. We've introduced some software and tools, which I think we discussed at Investor Day, which has really helped us identify when we were kind of off the point in terms of customer service so that we could intervene before we had what I would call a significant customer service failure. So I think that has helped. So we've been able to play a lot better defense by keeping our customers happy and servicing them more proactively, and that's really helped a lot. So, believe it or not, it's just been focusing on the basics of the business rather than any magic from either contracting or anything else. But I think at some point, I think that clearly, the 2.7%, if you look back in Q4 of 2012, was way too high. And I think we're getting to the levels that I think a business with a good customer service apparatus would be targeting. So I think we're in the zone now.
William L. Meaney: I think -- look, I think part of it is driven by mix, quite frankly. In other words -- and not just in the North American versus international, but even the country mix within international, there are certain countries that we find that we're going into that are really at the early stages of outsourcing, and there are other ones that we're entering and they are more mature in their outsourcing, so they have lower growth rates. The other thing is -- and also being honest about it is that there's -- it's more art than science how we split between the new sales and the organic. Because in the new sales, it's both new logos and new business opportunities with existing customers. So it's a little bit -- so you have to kind of look at both numbers together, but I would say right now is -- clearly, in the mature markets is that we've always said they're kind of in the 6% to 7% range. Some of them are more trending towards the 6%. Some of them are still kind of in the upper 6% to 7%. And then the other thing is even in the emerging markets, we find quite significant variances between what the organic growth rate is in different countries. So some of the organic growth rates in some of the emerging markets, for instance, is north of 10%, and others is at 7%. So I think it's both a country mix issue. I think it's even within the developed markets, there's a mix across countries. And then the other aspect about it is there is an art rather than scientific split between new sales and the organic.
William L. Meaney: Yes, thanks. That's a good question. Well, first of all, I think that we still remain focused on what I would call that middle market, because that tends to be, say both very fragmented and very unvended, right? So we think that's kind of a really interesting area, and there's a lot of growth in that segment. So I would say that it's early days in terms of us fully capturing the revenue synergies, if you will, or kind of the D&A synergies that we aim to get from the Cornerstone in the sense that, this year, we did the reorganization, the whole sales force. So the sales force is aligned to go after that highly fragmented and unvended middle market, but we've concentrated our training this year more on the verticals. And this -- in 2015, actually starting I think it's next quarter, so the last quarter of this year and early in 2015 is we're really focusing, rolling out both our training in performance management associated with that unvended middle market part of the segment where Cornerstone played quite well at.
William L. Meaney: It tends to be higher, and -- but also, the service cost is higher associated with these, because these are smaller -- obviously smaller customers. So we do see a correlation between size of customer and pricing, but also, our cost is different, servicing this.
Roderick Day: Yes. I mean, Andrew, obviously, there's a small sort of relationship between lower destructions and then impacting service revenues. So we're not hiding from that, but it's not really what's explaining what's going on in service. And just on that particular point, clearly, we'd rather have the queues given the sort of the perpetuity value of them than take the destruction revenue. So in terms of long-term value for the business, it's clearly a trade-off that we'd want to make. In terms of looking to 2015 and sort of answering that part of your question, what we're expecting within the numbers, certainly, we expect to sort of maintain the improved and good performance I think we're now seeing on the storage side. We're not expecting a sort of radical turnaround in service by any means, but we would expect to see some more modest improvements, particularly in areas such as our imaging business, which is actually showing reasonable progress this year at reasonable margins as well. So areas like that we're looking into to see what we can do to continue to drive performance. So hopefully that answers your question.
Roderick Day: And I think that's right, and actually, it can be a little bit lumpy. I mean, our business is obviously pretty predicable when compared to most businesses. But in Q3 last year, we actually had quite a large project in the data management space that kind of impacted some of our comparables. But they can be profitable lines of activity for us, so we'd expect to continue doing them, but they can sort of jump around a little bit quarter to quarter.
Roderick Day: I didn't actually say anything on that, but our expectation would be for it to be flat year-over-year.
Roderick Day: Well, certainly, as you say, acquisitions, both in terms of the rate at which we bring on businesses and the speed at which we're able to integrate them have an impact. And for sure -- and as we look to next year, FX is going to be an issue. We've seen, as I was saying in the remarks earlier, that the dollar has strengthened, particularly over the last month or so. Clearly, that could get stronger, it could get weaker, and so we're studying that closely, and we'd look to update guidance at the beginning of next year as regards to FX, but that is an issue just given the sort of the global nature of our business. And you mentioned the shreds paper price, that's always a volatility that we have to manage. And another one within that for us will be our DMS scanning business, which has a sort of project component to it. To sort of build on the conversation we were talking about earlier, is that we are making reasonable progress actually in that area at the moment, and we -- obviously, we hope to continue to do so. But that's another item that can move.
Roderick Day: Well, certainly, the REIT costs that we now include in our adjusted OIBDA, are those that -- essentially, those costs are the need to allow us to sustain the REIT structure going forward. So, if you think -- we're effectively incurring them this year, we would expect to incur them again next year. So from a year-on-year dynamic, this year is kind of a negative because we didn't have them last year. Next year, it will be neutral from a year-on-year perspective. I think in terms of acquisitions, it will depend obviously on the -- what the future acquisition program is and how it plays out. The way that we work our acquisitions today is that in the first year, there's typically a significant amount of integration expense as we look to make sure we drive the synergies out of the businesses that we get. And then from year 2, the benefits really start to flow through. So, from the acquisitions that we've made so far, clearly, there will be a benefit year-on-year as we go '15 to '14. I think in terms of what does that mean fully in '15, it will depend on when we do any more acquisitions going forward, and the sort of the level of them. We're expecting that our acquisition program will be similar in scale, but clearly, it's always hard to predict exactly what we'll be able to close.
Roderick Day: Well, I think what we do on the international side is we really try to manage it so over the course of the year, we're around the 25% mark. So year-to-date, I think we're at 24.5%. I think in the quarter itself, it was below that. Certainly, that number is the one that tends to get impacted more by phasing of acquisition -- the acquisition integration spend because that's where a significant amount of our acquisitions have been. So it can sort of jump around a bit depending on whether we're investing to get synergies or the synergies are coming out. But overall, I think we're quite happy where we're at, tracking to the sort of mid-20s margin, and that's pretty much where we are year-to-date.
Roderick Day: Maybe just to answer the first point, if you look at what we've done, the year-on-year benefit from acquisitions will be $30 million. And in terms of future spend do you want to...
Roderick Day: Yes, equity is always a potential tool, but I don't like to talk about hypotheticals when -- because it depends on what the markets are doing and everything else. So -- but I mean, equity and debt are always the tool that you have when you're investing in your business or doing acquisitions. But, as I said, this past year, we didn't have to contemplate that.
Roderick Day: Yes, that's exactly right, Justin, that's where we're at. And then, clearly, if we are to do more, there will be more coming through. We'll obviously look to update the guidance at the end of next quarter on this because it can be a material impact on our numbers, but that's kind of where we're heading at the moment.
Roderick Day: I guess it would depend on the extent of any FX change. I think sitting where we are today, we would be pretty comparable with that range. But I suppose I'm just putting a caveat out there, if things were to take a real, significant turn for the worse in terms of a real material strengthening of the dollar, we just have to sort of reserve the right to have a look at that.
Roderick Day: Yes, that's fine. But as I -- Shlomo, we've seen quite a marked shift just in the last month. So, it may even come back to our advantage, but it is a bit volatile at the moment.
Roderick Day: Actually, I just wanted to make a clarification. In my statement earlier, I think I said that we would -- our current liquidity is $1.2 million. We're actually down to our last $1 billion as opposed $1 million. So I should have said $1.2 billion. Just so, in case anyone was having a heart attack. So, thanks.
