Brian McKeon: It's still zero, two, Andrew. We're feeling good about the storage outlook, and the core services continues to be soft so they're offsetting somewhat. But I think on balance, we're feeling good about the trends, but I think some of the softness in core service activity is leading us to a similar range.
Brian McKeon: Yes, and it sounded like, too. As you know, Andrew, the hybrid services are very close into our core business. I mean, it's helping customers with their transitioning where they're working with physical records, and the business is going really well for us and we feel good about it.
Brian McKeon: Yes, big driver this year will be in the U.K. We've been working for some time with the International team of incorporating the North American playbook, and we are targeting meaningful increases in our -- we have good margins in the U.K. They're getting moved -- moving that much closer to North America levels, and we'll see those benefits flow as we work through the year. We're exporting the same playbook to other markets, too. We just have some investment that goes along with that as we kind of gear up the teams and kind of invest in the process redesign that goes along with yielding those benefits and that along with some lapping impacts kind of constrain the gains in Q1. But you'll see the benefits flowing through as we work through the year, and we feel -- our outlook is based on a strong improvement in International margins overall. And it's not just this year; that's the multiyear plan. We'll continue to drive that as we move forward.
Brian McKeon: It impacts us. It's a smaller factor in terms of our overall cost structure. Transportation is less than 2% of our revenues. We do have some cushion against that with fuel surcharges. Right now, it tends to lag, how the fuel surcharges kick in based off an index. So what we've seen in Q1 is kind of the cost of, but not yet the benefit of the -- the full benefit of the surcharges flowing through. I think that will improve as we work through the year. So on balance, it should be less of an impact over economics, but it is impacting us in the short term.
Brian McKeon: Yes, any time you up your sales and marketing in an annuity business like this, you'll see the expense early and you see the results. It's a little bit like watching bookings build up. For our case, we watch boxes or storage revenue build, but the real value comes off the compound effect of it. So it's a multiyear present value kind of analysis, because you're building an annuity. Okay, so any time you up your cost, it takes a while for you to get the return back. But the returns are actually quite good in doing that. In terms of is there upside from here, a little early for me to tell. There's a theme here, so I'll just be clear to make sure everybody hears it. We feel good about our numbers. We feel really good -- better about the trends we have in a long time. But we're not jumping up and down and screaming, "Yeah, this things going to the roof." And by the way, it never has. Welcome to the world of our big flywheel annuity. They're hard to speed up and they're hard to slow down, but the good news is they just keep on rolling. And there's some speeding up, just a little bit. It's rolling, but it takes a while for this to show. So there's no inflection points here. No great things are going to take off.
Brian McKeon: It's down slightly because of the -- it's not all that different than what we had talked about heading into the year. We have this significant kind of lap $30 million plus of -- last year, we had very low incentive compensation payments and we had normal payments this year. So that is constraining us. So it's down slightly X the proxy contest cost. But it's all driven by that factor, which is really something that you basically supported last year's margins. The underlying operating performance, we're seeing improved margins.
Brian McKeon: Yes, you'll see that. You'll see some benefit points around the core service revenues, Kevin. I just wanted to highlight it, it won't have an impact on profit, right? It will be offsetting higher fuel costs.
Brian McKeon: Well, about $5 million of that was just an updated real estate estimate and $5 million was just obviously refining just how we're looking at the year. So combined, that was the adjustment.
C. Reese: There's some of that dynamic, and that's a good news dynamic over the long run. There's also weaknesses in other services and to start our general retrieval refile activity and same thing in the data protection activity. We're still seeing activity lower even though we're seeing storage pick up some.
C. Reese: Oh, yes, absolutely. And I want to stress that we are looking to transition to a different model in Digital, not necessarily exit all of the services. In some, we might do with the same technology on a license back basis. Some, we might perform with different technologies on a license basis. But the Digital business, and this is probably a story for a later date because it's a longer story, is a good business and we've learned a lot in it. But the model we had, just didn't make sense us to maintain it, and we think those assets are more valuable to other people.
C. Reese: And I think you'll see over time that we will speak less of hybrid and not of Digital, but we will talk to you about physical logistics services and we'll talk to you about technology product lines, not business units and so forth.
C. Reese: We will consider whatever makes sense in the market at the time. I have always had a bias for a large amount of fixed-rate debt. At this stage of our cycle, we may be over fixed, and I think it's something we will look at in a variety of ways.
C. Reese: Well, we have the numbers. We don't have them in front of us. So it may be something we can dig up for future discussion with you. I mean, the trends are that we have more crossover selling, obviously, of between records management and our data protection services, as well as our records management, our Shredding services. And we've had good success cross selling there. And we've -- on a name-the-customer basis, we've got pretty good success across our Digital business, but it's a different buyer for sure between our Physical business and our Digital business. The other thing I would also tell you is that part of what we learn in the Digital business, though, even though it was a Digital buyer that our brand would translate, and that although not all the IT buyers -- I think they all have a perception of who Iron Mountain is and so forth. They didn't have a strong perception of how broad a product or service line we had, so we had to sell it. But having said all that, we proved we could sell it, and, in fact, more than half of the revenue we have in Digital today was internally grown revenue, not purchased revenue. So we know the market will accept these things from us, and we've got other research as well as these data points to say it.
C. Reese: Yes, there's a whole bunch of technical or legal reasons, open windows and so forth. We will come in to an open window of our own policy next [Audio Gap] And yes, we do have some in the buyback. We really, though, are focusing -- I mean, if we’ve got shares to authorize, we're focusing on trying to set up the right strategies and the right plans. So it's a little early for me to tell you exactly how we'll do it. As you've probably noticed, it's all kinds of tools and techniques, and we've spent a lot of time analyzing those. And we still kind of coming to decisions on what's the right way to execute it.
C. Reese: A piece of that, but if you take it apart by activity class, we're still seeing the weakness in, like I say, in a lot of the core activity elements.
C. Reese: I believe it's people -- I believe it's two things. I think there's a pattern of behavior change, and I still believe that until we see employment get back up strong and then a lag behind that. Remember, we tend to deal in records that are at least a year old on average, okay? And so you've got to get people back to work. They've got to generate more records. They've got to build up. They've got to get in the way, and then they've got send them to us before they can ask for them. And the most active records are the newest records. So we've been through a period of people sending us a lot less of -- the average age of our storage portfolio has risen, which will in itself drive down the activity. We're seeing that. If the average age comes down and the storage picks back up as the economy picks back up, we got this great lag effect. I think some of that will come back. They will pick up some activity. Underlying that though, there's also some shift in how people use it. It's hard to parse the difference right now.
C. Reese: Yes. So far, it's a big customer base. So I haven't had my phone ringing off the hook, screaming at me or anything like that. I posted -- we posted and sent out to customers a kind of an open letter from me to them just recently, explaining what we're doing and so forth. And I think the early reaction is, "Thank you for telling us. We appreciate being in the know." And look, what we're telling them and, in fact, in this case, we are focusing, making sure we focus heavily on our Physical business, that we don't lose sight of the services that you expect of us, and we'll continue to build that business. We're not draining it. And part of what we have to explain, and something we have to explain to the employees is, is we've got enough capital to give our shareholders $2.2 billion. I won't give you a $0.50 an hour raise. And if you don't think that's a hard discussion, you come try it a while, okay? And it's the same sort of thing with customers. You're giving your shareholders $2.2 billion, why do you want to raise my price? And you have to get back to economics and market value and cost structure -- there's a lot that you have to do, and you have to train the organization to understand. And that's the kind of stuff we're working on.
C. Reese: No. Look, our pricing program has been and, as far as I'm around, will be designed around: a, being fair; and b, recovering the true increase of cost minus some productivity we've gained. I've always believed -- we've always -- if you go back and feel this industry [indiscernible], we've driven an enormous amount of productivity in our industry, both to the consolidation, creating more of just general economic productivity by consolidating competitors. But we've also brought technology, how you store box, we changed radically the whole technology of how you store the box, what the cost are doing that is and everything. It took a lot of time, money and investment to do it. Net of that is, we drove unit storage prices down for about 15 years straight on average to the customer base. And we've kind of run the productivity out of this business from their perspective, and now it's time to take back gains related to true increase of cost, and we'll continue doing that.
C. Reese: A little early. I'm still collecting a list. I have my list. But since I've put it out there, phones have been ringing, ideas are coming in. So let me sort through them a little bit because some of them are interesting and some of them are harebrained, and I'm speaking to some of mine when I say that, and some might be doable, some may not be doable. But after we get a little more homework done, we'll talk to you about it.
C. Reese: Look, I didn't identify it, no. The team's been working on this for some time. And I guess you put it in 3 categories. We talk about the North American playbook as if it's a simple little thing that we hand around to each other. But North America has developed over the last 3 to 4 years significant numbers of strategies and implemented them very successful and driving efficiency in the business. And if that, we're exporting, particularly to our bigger businesses in Europe and starting in the U.K., which is where we're looking to get 200 basis points this year. We're also starting a program here we call support excellence. It uses some of the same techniques that we found successful and others targeting to two things: Benchmark all of our support functions against best practices, and then try to figure out how we can get ourselves to a best practice both service level and transactional cost level. And I've stressed this to everybody, it's a combination of making sure we serve ourselves well, serve one another well, as well as a combination of doing it the lowest possible cost. And I happen to believe you can achieve both of those. Better service doesn't always mean higher cost. In fact, doing it right, doing it well usually delivers better tuned service and a lower cost. So we've undertaken those initiatives just to play it [ph] over in the next few years. And all of that is embedded in the plan we put forth last year. So I don't think I'm going to come up with any secret sauce on top of that. In fact, I would tell you, the plans, when I look at them, are awfully aggressive. And some people have asked me, do I worry about them? And the answer is yes. But my worry is that we've really put forth a pretty hard stake in the ground over a fairly short time period. I don't really worry about hitting the number. I worry about hitting the number in the timeframe that we put forth. But you take a shot, you do your best to get there. You've got a better chance of getting there if you take aggressive shots and we've taken aggressive shots.
C. Reese: Candidly, been here 2 weeks and most of the time, I've been talking and dealing with shareholder issues. I can't tell you I've gotten personally deep enough in to give you a really good answer on the subtleties in the trends. My time has been focused on the things you've heard about and heard me talk a lot about. Come late in the day and start on Monday, I've got a whole series of meetings with different managers of different groups of the business, where I'm going to go get my head back and calibrate my gut again. And after I've done that, I might can answer that question better.
C. Reese: No. I think we'll see the recovery of the business exactly where I think but do not absolutely know. We are at the brink of, and that is that storage leads, everything else follows. Think about what I said earlier: Newest boxes create the most activity, okay? So you've got to have -- you've got to build up your newest boxes if you want to have the activity come back. With the activity comes transportation; the more you pick, the more you move. All those things lead and come in that direction. In terms of special projects, a lot of the special projects are designed around either events, as in people get sued or they have big internal audits and so forth, or they're driven around other events as in M&A. A reasonable amount of our special project work moves with M&A as customers takes 2 businesses, put them together. They have to clean out the records of the -- and sometimes even have to split the records of buyers or sellers or selling a division or this, that and the other. So their kind of event or any. We don't control those events and so forth. And then they have a third element, which is, "I've got budget money and I want to improve my program," or "I've been dying to do something to clean up a past mess, and I've got to have budget money to do that." And in lean years, that budget money just doesn't show up at our customers. In years, things get better in our customers, they'll reinvest back in their programs. And oftentimes, you'll see that late in the year, by the way, for obvious reasons. So Q1 is not usually a good special project. So that's sort of the trend. That's sort of the buying pattern, and I think we'll see it, but we'll see it a little later in the cycle. The other things we see is our eDiscovery business is, as we said, is off. And that flows through our comp services and sort of projects side of our business. But the bookings are back up. And I think that is as much as a factor of us losing focus on it in our Digital business 9 months ago as it is anything and really getting focused back on it and doing a really good job, which, if we were to own it, 9 months from now or 6 months from now, we'd see the revenue flow through well there. So I think that -- and then the last I'd say is our DMS part of our hybrid business is solid and growing really well, which flows through some of that too. You get some puts and takes across the board now in a lot of those categories. And by the way, the DMS business, the reason it's growing well, it is primarily driven to help customers on the productivity side. It's customers looking to use the information in different ways to create more productivity, and that's really the trend we sell into there.
C. Reese: Yes. It's about 5%. And in terms of cannibalization, there's two ways to answer that. In terms of cannibalizing storage, no, not in any significant manner. And in fact, I can make the argument that you'll actually get more hard copies storage by doing more of this. And part of the simple argument is every time you go to look at a small vendor in that space, they'll all have a net warehouse full of boxes that they just seem to accumulate, okay? Because customers digitized things for good reason, but for productivity, for process reasons. But for archival reasons, digitizing is a bad idea because the cost of transporting that data multiple times over 15 years costs way more than just keeping the box for 15 years, and that's what they tend to do. So it's not a cannibalization issue. From our perspective, early on, as we got the business going a couple of years ago, it cannibalized our box storage business because we really waved the shiny object of a new service in front of our sales force and made it too easy for them to sell that new service and make their targets and make their compensation, and they didn't have to work as hard on selling for box storage. And to some extent, we did that to ourselves and we have clearly recovered from doing that. And we've clearly gotten better at balancing how we sell so we can sell them both. And that's the results you're seeing there. But we went through the learning curve of that; it was painful.
C. Reese: And Kevin, we're seeing the costs on that. We'll see the revenue later. But there will also be the costs there later, too.
C. Reese: So it looks like we've hit the end of hour. I appreciate you all coming and your questions today. As I said in the beginning, we've got a great business. It is performing well. That's a great welcome back for me. I'm glad I didn't have to come and explain a tough quarter the first time out. As I told somebody who asked me how I like being back, and I said, "Well, I'm still on a honeymoon period right now, but it won't last forever. But I'll enjoy it while I can." So I appreciate all your support and your cards and letters and your input. It is useful to us. It's helpful to us. We do listen to it, and we try to factor it into our thinking as we have to make trade-offs and decisions as we go forward. I'll also -- I don't know exactly what the schedule is, but we will be out on the road some, in cities near you over the next 6 to 9 months, and I'd love to get a chance to get reacquainted for some I haven't seen in a while and those that I really don't know, I'd also like the chance to talk to you. And the last invitation is you're always welcome to come see us in Boston. So just give us a call. We'll try to find a date and time that works. Again, thank you very much, and I'll look forward to seeing you down the road. Goodbye.
