William Meaney: So first of all, the Project Summit is totally driven in terms of reorganizing the company, so that we’re simpler to work with from the customer standpoint and it allows our mountaineers to work more efficiently and quicker with less obstacles internally. So it’s really about reorganizing the way we do things rather than businesses that we’re conducting. So they’re quite separate in that sense. So if you think about overall in terms of the project is as we said that $50 million will be actioned over the next 2 months. And that’s – the big change in the feeling of the company will be in terms of the way when we change kind of the leadership hierarchy of the company. So that first $50 million, 40 – is about really getting us 75% of the way in terms of getting what I would call the top of the house structured in a way that’s going to make us more efficient to both interact with our customers as well as to action things internally on their behalf, because that’s really looking at 45% of the changes or 45% reduction in our VPs and above. So that’s really the first $50 million of change. And then what we talked about was the $30 million of in-year benefit on top of that $50 million for the 2020 guidance. That equates to about $70 million worth of action of the $200 million program. So by the end of 2020 will be up to around $120 million of cost improvement of a $200 million program. So that’s how the things sequence. But they’re very separate from our investment data center. Data center, we continue to see strong growth as both Stuart and I highlighted. If you think about it this year is we’re up about 10% since the beginning of the year in terms of leased capacity. And if you normalize for the churn that we talked about on the last quarter call, which was known when we bought IO; then we’re up about – we’re up in mid-teens in terms of year-on-year growth in terms of leases that we’ve actioned and brought into online. And then if you look going forward in 2020 is we gave guidance that would be 15 to 20 megawatts that we would book this year. And at the end of the third quarter we’re up a little over 15 megawatts. So again, quite – yeah, consistent with our guidance that we continue to expect to be able to grow data center between 15% and 20% a year. So – but it’s very separate from Project Summit. Project Summit is really about reorganizing it, so we can be more effective.
William Meaney: I agree with you, Nate. But also a lot of these acquisitions are pretty pricy. And fundamentally, when we’re looking at capital allocation, it can’t be just about bulking up. It needs to be a good allocation of capital and it needs to be accretive on both earnings or an EPS as well as an AFFO per share basis. So we’re pretty disciplined on looking at that. We feel really good about the acquisitions we done today. Obviously, the IO being the larger of the ones, which was about – it’s much about building a platform. But I think now we really have been able to build up the platform and attract the talent that we need to lead that. So I don’t anticipate us doing any major acquisitions. I mean, there are what I would call smaller acquisitions like what we did with EvoSwitch in Amsterdam, which is close to – those types of acquisitions, when you pencil them out, are close to or near the same cost as it would be cost to build, right? So if there is an acquisition where we think the economics would give us similar cost as a cost of building it, allow us to action quicker into the market, we will do that. But I don’t see us doing any major acquisitions just to bulk up.
William Meaney: Yeah, we feel – it’s a great question. We feel really good about it. And exactly, really the two drivers, one is the revenue management now is rolled out globally. So we see that there is still more runway in terms of continuing to get more out of revenue management across all the business lines. And I would say it’s rolled out globally for RIM. But we’re also expanding it to some of our other business lines in terms of the non-RIM. But – and some of those are storage and some of those aren’t. I think the other aspect in terms of volume, we’re continuing to encourage in terms of the growth that we see in the international markets, and even in North American market, where we see slightly negative headwinds in terms of volume what I would call in the traditional records management business. I think I highlighted in my remarks that year to date, Deirdre and her team have actually brought in about $3 million of non-traditional storage, which has similar returns as our box business. So we see also some of the new areas of storage. So net-net, you put it altogether, is we feel really comfortable to be kind of maintaining in this kind of zip-code for our organic storage revenue growth.
William Meaney: Okay. It’s a great question. So the – so let me kind of – let me back up in terms of – I think your question, the other question is the catalyst for this. Is that the – first of all, when we looked at – at some point, we knew that we wanted to bring our records management under a single business unit globally. And I think the timing first of all is right for that. So that was the primary catalyst. And you say, well, why is the timing right to bring records management together into a single business unit now? For those of you who’ve been following this story for a while, six or seven years ago, when we started on this journey, is emerging markets were only 10% of our sales as a company and it’s now approaching 20%. We originally set our goal to get that to be 15%. Now, it’s approaching 20%. And it was important to have a separate, a near separate leadership if we wanted to be able to make sure that we are allocating capital in a thoughtful way in getting the returns we needed as we built out that footprint. And both is through one-off acquisitions as well as the Recall acquisition. We feel really good. First of all, we doubled the size of our footprint effectively in those markets. So we feel really good in terms of what Marc Duale and now Ernie and his team has been able to do. That’s point one. So now we actually do have the scale internationally, so having the, what I would call, separate and siloed focus to execute that, is for sure what’s necessary. On top of that is we talked about earlier this year and we talked again today, we have been hearing more and more from our customers, both internal and external. We have – our employees are telling us how difficult it is to get things done internally sometimes on behalf of a customer. But also, customers are looking for us to show up with integrated solutions seamlessly across the geographies they operate in. And we started setting up a strategic accounts organization under Greg McIntosh earlier this year. We put those two together. We knew that we had to simplify, first of all, the organization by bringing Ernie’s organization together with Patrick’s onto a single leadership. The timing being quite good, because Patrick’s intention to retire in early 2021. We thought now was the time to bring those 2 organizations together. When we brought those 2 organizations together, there is a bunch of costs that just naturally flows out, because you don’t have 2 support functions, supporting 2 different business units. You now have 1 support function serving a single business unit. And we wanted to make sure we took that opportunity to look through the organization completely, especially service part of the organization on how we could actually operate the business differently. So starting in January, if we are taking out 45% of the vice presidents and above as a result of this amalgamation and change, which was the catalyst to relook at the organization. This gave us an opportunity and we think, in terms, of the people who can be around the executive leadership team now. It will be a bigger and more inclusive group, but it will be smaller than the numbers we have before. So our ability to actually communicate strategic intent into action request on customers will be much faster, because we can get more – we can get the right people around a single table to execute. So that’s really the thing that’s behind it. And then, the good news from a shareholder standpoint, when you do that kind of organizational efficiency, there’s a lot of benefits that flow through. The last thing, I’ll talk about Summit, and I’ll come to your question about advisers is the backend of the project of Summit is – the front end is really actioning, so by the end of this year, 75% of that reduction of the management cadre will basically be in place. As we go through the program over the next 2 years, is that we will start building new systems capabilities that allow to support that organization, which a lot of it is IT-led. Last thing to your question on advisers. Actually, this is something that we’ve been working on for a number of months, but when we got closer to the execution phase, we did bring advisers in the middle of August to make sure that we were actually executing in a way that was consistent and with speed. So we did bring in advisers and towards the tail end of the project.
William Meaney: Okay. Sheila, I’ll take the sales, and then, Stuart can follow on your follow-on question. On the sales, you’re absolutely, right. I mean, one of the things that we hear from the customer. Our customers and this is probably consisting a lot of industry, our customers are asking much more for solution oriented approach to them rather than selling them a product and a product might be digitization, a product might be box storage. And I highlighted the case where we won a project with an engineering company in Europe, where they had 250,000 cubic feet. It started out that they just wanted us to remove the 250,000 cubic feet and may be digitize some of them. And it turned out to be a project, where we really understood what they wanted. We realize the combination of the insight platform to create – to automate the creation of more metadata as we actually digitize their boxes. And then they said, well actually we want everything digitized and the boxes will be destroyed. So it’s an unvended opportunity. These boxes were stored in their facility. But by actually having a different sales team that’s actually engaging them with a broad set of solutions, we were able to actually do more for our customers. And as a result, win a bigger and better project from an Iron Mountain standpoint. So you’re absolutely right, is that this allows us to actually collapse a lot of sales enablement – well, sales operations, sales enablement, strategic accounts and marketing will all be under Greg McIntosh, who actually is in Ernie’s organization, so that we’re delivering that our RIM customers. So there is a big part about it, in terms, of changing the way we go to market.
William Meaney: Okay. It’s a good question, Eric. I think that the – if you look at this quarter, for instance, where it’s obviously biased towards the hyperscale win that we had in July. I think that kind of smooths out over time. I think that I would say that we anticipate, we look at size that lend themselves to hyperscale like Northern Virginia, I think, when it’s fully built out, it would be around 50-50 or even 60-40 hyperscale just in terms of a large facility like that, which will still give us blended cash-on-cash returns of the 11% to 12%. So for us, it’s all about speed of fill in terms of the mix between hyperscale and what we call, normal enterprise. The one thing I would add though is the other aspect about hyperscale, which is not lost on us, is we do have some hyperscale customers that have similar returns as enterprise, when they actually deploy an edge-type deployment, so smaller deployment. So when you say hyperscale is a customer for us, but there’s even segment within a hyperscale, they have some requirements that look more like enterprise, when they call edge, and then they have other ones, which are pure large deployment. So – but we still net-net we think about half of our business will be hyperscale, and we’ll end up with the kind of 11%, 12% cash-on-cash returns. In terms of Frankfurt is we continue to have positive discussions about putting that into a joint venture. It’s not absolutely critical that we do that, but we would like to do that, because it just allows us to stretch our balance sheet or expand faster into other areas. And as you can with the pipeline of 15 megawatts already sold or booked year-to-date, we’re doing – we’re pretty pleased with that, and we don’t want to slow that down.
William Meaney: Yeah. It’s a great question, Andy. I think that – and you’re right to kind of cite, because if you think about what we’ve – it’s about 3 or 4 megawatts that to be by growing the dividend at this rate, allows us – the exchange is about 3 or 4 megawatts. And given the pipeline we have right now is we think, it definitely gives our shareholders better return, if we’re actually taking that cash and given the 11% to 12% cash-on-cash returns and buying 3 or 4 – building out 3 or 4 megawatts based on the demand pipeline you can see that we’re – our occupancy is pretty tight on the data center side. So then if you say on a go-forward basis, we’ll continue to make those kind of trade-offs, it’s probably not lost on anyone, as most of our data center peers are – have a payout ratio as a percentage of AFFO kind of in the mid-60s to low-70s. So my guess is that’s probably where we’re going to settle out just given the demand that we see on data center.
William Meaney: Yeah. Good morning, George. Thanks for the question. Actually, if you strip out data center, we said it was 3% growth total, including data centers, it’s like 2.8%, 2.9%. So the data center is a bigger impact on EBITDA growth, and it does on the revenue growth. As we’ve said before, it’s about 7% of our sales as a company, it does contribute about 1/3, close to – coming up to 30%, 35% of our consolidated EBITDA growth, but on the sales side it’s actually fairly minimal.
William Meaney: Yeah. Actually – thanks for the question. I think, actually we were pretty pleased, actually moderated the decline in North America. And you have to remember, this is on a very large base. But if you see this quarter, it’s actually an improvement over the most recent trend. Partly it’s driven by what Stuart said, on the other side it’s a drag on service revenue, because we’ve seen less destructions. So we’re not picking up the revenue there. And then – so it is slightly negative as you pointed out. And where we’re picking up some volume is on the new storage areas which we picked up about 3 million cubic feet. But overall, actually the trend is that, it’s moderating. We don’t see a major difference. The thing that’s driving the trends in North America, you could look at North America which is slightly negative and you can look at – in Western Europe, actually which is slightly positive in terms of volume trends, very similar economic statuses, both very mature markets. But I think it really comes down to the rate of change of incoming volume and whether or not boxes are aging out or the average age of our inventory is increasing. So we continue to see a fairly steady trend, but not much of an improvement, not much of a degradation and this quarter is actually a slight improvement.
William Meaney: Okay. Well, so first of all, we maintain consistency. If you look at it right now, as I said, going back to this year, we’re up about 10% since the beginning of the year in terms of leased up activity. And if you correct for the churn, the customer churn that we called out at the last quarter, which we knew when we bought IO, we’re actually up mid-teens year-to-date if you correct for that. I think that if you look at our bookings this year of 15 out of 20 megawatts target, and so – I think we’re on track to hit the upper-end of that original range. That again is going to put us in kind of the mid-teens to 20%, so like 15% to 20%, set us up for 15% to 20% growth next year. So we continue to see the growth of our data center business to be mid-teens. In terms of pricing, I would say that the pricing is fairly consistent. In other words that if we’re looking at enterprise, we’re still getting the cash on cash returns anywhere from 12% to 15% depending on the size of the deployment for an enterprise customer. And on the hyperscale deployments, we’re continuing to get 8% to 9% cash-on-cash returns, blended 11% to 12% over an entire site or campus. So the pricing is staying pretty stable from what we see and we’re very pleased with those kinds of returns.
William Meaney: Yeah, I think most likely. I think the thing that drives it obviously is capital allocation, right? So we do want to continue to grow our dividend at what we think is a reasonable rate to get back to our shareholders. But then, if you kind of look at – if you look at this year, as I say, the difference between what – we’re growing the dividend this year versus last year, equates to being able to build out another 3 or 4 megawatts for our data center as an example. So if you think – if you’re trying to think of a proxy on that, if you look at data center peers, they are all kind of in the mid-60s to low 70s as a payout as a percentage of AFFO. And my guess is we’re in kind of the high 70s right now. So my guess is we’ll probably settle out somewhere in that range with our data center peers, given the pipeline of opportunities we see.
William Meaney: Yeah, all right. Thanks. It’s a couple of million. I called out we had about 3 million of what I would call other or of new kind of storage. And it’s about 2.5 million. We expect the full year to be about 2.5 million to 3 million cubic feet coming from MakeSpace. So a small but growing and we’re really pleased with the partnership we have with MakeSpace.
William Meaney: Well, that making the decision to do it was literally this week to how should it be, because you don’t do these things lightly. We want to make sure we had full discussions with our Board before we tackle them. But obviously, we’ve been looking at this for months. So, I mean, that you can imagine that we’ve been looking at this for pretty much the – since the winter time.
William Meaney: Kevin, just to be clear on this is what we’re doing – this is probably atypical that what you hear in a lot of restructure. This is not about the coalface or the people who are actually delivering and picking things up with our customers every day nor about the people at the frontline for the most part. This is really about changing the way we manage and lead the company from the top. That’s why if you – coming back to it is 45% of people from Vice President and above are impacted, which is difficult for all of us. But the main benefit of this, so coming to your revenue question, is a year from now – it’s painful going through these kinds of realignments and organizational change, so you can imagine that people are feeling that, because it’s a close knit company. But a year from now, we’re going to have a much nimbler and agile leadership structure, which allows us to action quicker on behalf of our customers in giving them integrated solutions, which quite frankly none of our competitors in specific business lines can do, because most of our competitors are either doing storage or scanning. None of them are doing storage, scanning, artificial intelligence have the data center and have a relationship with them that’s – with the customers that are global. So this is really about speed. So what we see, we haven’t built any of that into our guidance, but we’re doing this, because we expect to have a positive impact on the revenue side. But we haven’t built that in, because we’re much more saying, we’ll tell you when we see it, we don’t promise something that we don’t see. So, right now, what we laid out with the program by actually changing the way we lead and operate the company, we’ve outlined the cost impact that naturally flows from them. But this is all about speed and ease, both for our internal mountaineers, make their job easier, as well as our customers to interact with us.
Stuart Brown: And Sheila, in terms of how the benefits will flow through, the actions that we are taking here in the fourth quarter, we talked about mostly people action so that will flow mostly through the SG&A line is where you’ll see that. And then the actions we’ve talked about that we’re taking in 2020 are more around cost of sales are continued to be some SG&A improvement as well. And so you’ll see that flow through more in the back half of 2020. And then when you think about sort of the flow through from there, right, in terms of the impact on our customers, as we rollout things like mobile customer tools, so we get fewer touch points between our customers ordering boxes or services or shredding or things like that, we’re going to enable more mobile tools for our customers that have been asking for. And actually simplify some of our billing as well that through the number of M&A acquisitions and things like that that we’ve done. We’ve got a number of manual processes around billings, which frustrates internally creates a lot of inefficiencies as well for our customers, it’s not always easy for them. So those will flow through in various lines and that will continue to flow through within the later years.
Stuart Brown: Yeah. Thanks, Eric. I think, if you look at what we talked about in our opening remarks, really, our aim is to grow our free cash flow to cover the majority investments, which were obviously, generating good returns on acquisitions and data center. And so our capital – deployment capital allocation strategy in terms of where we’re putting capital to work and the amounts are not really changing, there’s no change in strategy there. From a leverage standpoint, our leverage is in line with other REITs today. And actually from a rating agency standpoint, the credit markets already treat as if we’re rated higher than we are. You can see that in the results from the bond offering. And so to get to 4.5 to 5 times, is really about optimizing our flexibility over time. So if you look at sort of where the deleveraging should come from, right, with organic EBITDA growth of around 4% and the Project Summit benefits, it will grow to $200 million, those in of themselves will reduce our leverage, right, that will allow us to reduce our leverage. We continue to see this strong demand in data center and other projects, and look at even what our pipeline is today, we’ve actually taken our data center capital for the fourth quarter up a little bit to get some projects started, particularly in Amsterdam and Virginia, where we see strong demand. And so we expect that our leverage will be flat to slightly down in 2020 as the benefits from Project Summit start to flow through from there. And so going back to sort of longer term financial framework at 4.5 to 5.5, obviously, optimizing between 4.5 and 5.
Stuart Brown: No. The main reason is obviously the paper price, right. So if you adjust for paper price margins are actually up year-over-year for the quarter. So that’s really the main driver.
Stuart Brown: Yeah. I mean, the old guide, the midpoint of [$1,460 million] [ph]. We now lowered that to the midpoint of [$1,440 million] [ph], which is actually the lower end of our previous range. The key drivers are, again, even just since the last earnings call, paper prices are down, so down about $15 per ton. So that in and of itself is about $4 million or $5 million of lower paper price, actually the stronger dollar has also impacted us, so that’s right, given where the dollar is right now, again, that can vary a little bit. That’s about $5 million. The other piece of it is the North America records management. The core services are down, part of it is due to actually lower destructions, which is good for volume. But that’s obviously a headwind or negative for the revenue that comes from the destructions. But we also have lower service gross profit in the UK and France, and a little bit of higher bad debt. Those things have been partly offset with the lower global SG&A due to the cost actions that we’ve taken and lower incentive comps, not where we wanted to be, but I think sort of clear path to where we are in this range.
Stuart Brown: Yeah. There are different periods is what you’ve got, right. So one of them is, I’m reconciling guidance in 2019 versus what’s changed from 3 months ago. On Slide 13, if you look at where spot paper price is today compared to the average of 2019 is down about $35 per ton. And then we talked about on the last call that every $10 change in price per ton is about $6 million that get you into the low $20 million impact. Paper prices stayed where they are today compared to the average paper price that we’ve recognized in 2019.
Stuart Brown: Yeah. And then – I appreciate you asking that question, because you get sort of a little bit of multiplying effect, right. You’ll get increasing EBITDA from the results of Project Summit on top of the normal organic EBITDA growth. And so if you look today from a capital allocation standpoint, we’re generating plus or minus $100 million of cash flow after dividend to fund growth, well, that will grow over time, right. So free cash flow after Summit will end, we talked about $200 million or so of EBITDA take a little bit of tax of that. So our free cash flow available for growth investment themselves will allow us to borrow less. So you get higher EBITDA, you won’t – we won’t be borrowing as much to fund growth. And then you get the benefit of the growth itself. So as we’re putting capital to work, the EBITDA that comes off of the acquisitions as well as comes off the data center growth will then accelerate the deleveraging. So while, you won’t see as much deleveraging in 2020, because of the cost of Summit, as the flywheel starts going, you’ll continue to see leverage come down. And again, long term, our – we’ll live within a range of 4.5% to 5.5% – 4.5 to 5 times [EBITDAR] [ph] depending upon where we are in the cycle. 4.5 to 5 times, it’s really optimally where we want to be will provide the most flexibility over time.
