Robert Brennan: The point you raise is regarding the benefits that we're seeing, broad benefits that are helping to drive the gross margin gains. It's more than a pricing-only strategy. We've got benefits in terms of higher service margins from the productivity initiatives that we've advanced. On storage margins, we've had some benefit from pricing. But we've been very aggressively managing our facility utilization as a key initiative that's supporting that as well. Higher paper pricing is helping us. Energy, to a smaller degree, on a net basis has been a positive factor recently. So there're a number of factors that are helping us on that front, and we believe we can sustain that. And as we're extending many of these initiatives globally and heightening the focus on international margin improvement, we think that can be a -- this is clearly part of our long-term strategy. As far as your questions on pricing, our strategy has not changed. We continue to look to get a reasonable increase in pricing for the value of the services that we provide. We are reflecting some moderation. As you noted, for some customers, CPI-based escalators are built into their long-term contracts. That's moderated somewhat. We've seen some net business impacts. It's not one thing, but several factors and -- so that has moderated a bit. But our strategy is the same, and we delivering the same type of value and think we can sustain this as a economic driver over the long-term.
Robert Brennan: Well, I think what we tried to point out, Vance, was the work that we're doing on what we can control, right, which is the pursuit of new sales. And I tried to bring that to life in my remarks, that I'm very pleased with the progress that we're having there. As you know, it takes a while for it to flow through in an annuity model. At the same time, I spend a lot of time with our biggest customers, and I'm not seeing the general improvement that I read about sometimes. But fundamentally, our business correlates to the number of people that are in offices and cubes. And we're not seeing employment return into our customer base. Now that's somewhat anecdotal, but we spend a lot of time with our customers, and the fact is, I don't see a general improvement. I don't see it in the comparables that would point to either, where there's a big uptick in employment. And that's the biggest corollary for our business, as it relates to core volume growth and core service activity, is employment. And we're not seeing much of an improvement.
Robert Brennan: Yes. That is to say that as employment improves, we expect service activities and volume to improve. And in the meantime, we're getting after what we can control through new sales performance. And again, while it takes a while for it to flow through in our model, we're pleased with the wins that we're generating in the marketplace.
Robert Brennan: Feels that way. The thing I would tell you is that the way we're getting after it is to really increase our capability as it relates to discovery, because we already have the intellectual property in our other products. So that, in essence, we're making it easier for people to do that with us than with others. There is compression on the number of matters and the price per matter. But we think we're well positioned from a product perspective. And then if you look at it over the course of time, I don't expect litigation to go down.
Robert Brennan: We're really enforcing the current environment that we're seeing. Our plans for 2010 and the comments today aren't a change in our perspective on the longer term potential of the business, but they're not intended to be a long-term forecast either.
Robert Brennan: Q2 had an unusual lap in terms of a large project. So we should see more favorable compares on the complementary revenue side. The storage growth, as we mentioned, in our Q2 was 6% in International, and we're expecting consistent trends on the International business.
Robert Brennan: We're planning for a consistent trend. So I think it's -- we've seen this pressure, it wasn't a significant change quarter-to-quarter, obviously, we were flat in Q1. And we're planning for continued trends until we see changes in levels of business activity moving that -- moving the dial in a different direction.
Robert Brennan: Similar trends. So it's remained at relatively higher levels. So a lot more of consistency in what were seeing than change. I think the -- we are making progress on the new sales front. That does take time to flow through. As we mentioned, we've seen some moderation at the margin on the pricing. And we've seen consistent trends in terms of destructions that reflect customers being very focused on inventory control, cost control in this environment.
Robert Brennan: We feel we have good visibility into the business that we're driving. And from a new sales perspective, a lot of what we're doing is an integrated value proposition. That's why I referred to some of the examples that I used where it's a combination of our digital capability and our physical capability. But we look at it by segment. We feel very good about the new sales performance as it relates to our core services, right, which is the majority of our business. And then building on that with the ability to convert the physical into the digital is -- it's a bourgeoning business for us, but it builds over time.
Robert Brennan: On something like storage. Clearly, it's a -- sale cycle takes time, and takes time for the boxes to flow through. So this is -- these are months, many months, and it's not something that's going to turn around quickly in terms of how that's going to flow through to the business. But obviously, it sustains for a long period of time too.
Robert Brennan: Financial services is doing very well and where we have a value proposition that can help drive their efficiencies and their costs. And they have -- I think that they're better positioned to spend in this environment. So we're doing very well with that segment. It's a very important segment for us. Healthcare, I don't seeing any significant change, although our value proposition continues to improve for that. I think that the big thing to remember here, Scott, is that our value proposition, that we continue to refine that by segment. So that we're becoming more vertically oriented in how we approach the market. And we expect that to drive gains over time. But you'll hear me become more vertical in my talk around how we're doing in performing against these segments. Financial Services continues to be our strongest segment though.
Robert Brennan: Well, I think on the -- the way I'd suggest thinking about this is the net effect of higher destructions and economic pressure on just the general business activity is that the -- in the more developed markets, we're seeing limited growth on storage. So it's not as if that's freeing up space. It's just, it is putting less pressure on us needing to add, to the same degree, new capacity. It's not the same everywhere, so you always have investments in some markets that you're -- that are growing and may have more capacity needs. But that's the key dynamic that we've seen. So in terms of how it will play out I think is driven by a number of things. But economic conditions and net-net, right now we're planning for continued kind of modest volume growth. And I think our capital spending will be consistent with that. I do think over time that as volume growth improves, we still have plenty of room to run our business more efficiently in terms of our utilization of our facilities. And we think those kind of initiatives will enable us to maintain a good discipline over capital controls and hit our longer-term goals for capital efficiency. And I'm sorry if there -- I went on, I forgot the second part of your question.
Robert Brennan: I think it goes back to what Brian was saying before, that we spend capital as volume improves. But in the cost of the business, we're -- we continue to drive operational excellence so that we can get productivity gains that are sustainable. We've demonstrated that over a course of -- Brian's last slide spoke to the last four years, two of which we actually had very strong growth. So we believe we can drive increased productivity out of our business regardless of the growth environment, notwithstanding the fact that capital does need to be deployed as growth returns.
Robert Brennan: Yes, and I think that really -- in bringing us to the close of the call. It is -- it reinforces the strength of our business model that we're able to drive these kinds of financial results despite the macro impacts that we're experiencing, and that we're building this capability from a new growth perspective around what we can control. And we're pleased with the early progress that we have on that front. We appreciate your time and look forward to reporting on our results going forward.
Robert Brennan: Again, thank you very much. We very much appreciate your time this morning, and want to remind you that our business is performing well and that we're getting after a new growth in a sustainable way around those issue that we can control. And we'll look forward to reporting on our progress in the fall. Thanks.
Brian McKeon: Yes. Vance, I'd say we're not implying that it's worse. But I think the improvement is something that we've yet to see flow through. And so right now, we're planning for consistent trends. It's below the goals that we had this year to improve, but we think we're well-positioned to have excellent performance and flow through when the economy improves. And we're looking forward to seeing the broader improvement.
Brian McKeon: We are -- we believe we can sustain the efficiencies that we've driven. We'll -- our longer-term goal was to have spending in the 9% range as a percentage of sales, as you're aware. The -- we certainly believe we can maintain the efficiencies. The thing that will drive that number up, Vance, is volume growth improving. That's where our capital is very much aligned with our growth capacity. And so we think we can sustain those levels at good growth rates. And we're in the lower -- I think we're 8.3% in the most recent mid-point outlook. And we may see some increase in that over time as we see the volume improvements that we expect to drive.
Brian McKeon: Eric, it's more reacting to what we're seeing in volume as it relates to the employment picture. And we don't see that changing in the near term. So that's why we updated our guidance in the near term. It's only a near-term view.
Brian McKeon: One thing I would highlight is that we're obviously having good growth in complementary revenues. Some of that's supported by the higher paper pricing this year. Some of that is also supported by service expansion, so its the DMS revenues growing. I, at this point, wouldn't highlight that as a change in sort of the economic environment. I think that's more things that we're driving within our control. We're successful in terms of providing services that are very relevant for customers right now. And so I know what your getting at. We expect the same kind of flow that we've talked about in the past, that we'd see the uptick on the margin and the complementary services first, before we'd see flow through in core services and then storage. That's sort of the timing of our business. But I wouldn't indicate that the complementary growth, right now, we see as being driven by improvement in economic conditions. It's more things that we're driving ourselves.
Brian McKeon: Yes. Maybe some backdrop on this. We -- the improvement that we're seeing from the new sales performance is a direct result of really driving the number of new deals that we have going into the proverbial top of the funnel. The cycle itself is not shortening. So we don't see improvement from that perspective. The cycle remains the same as it's always been.
Brian McKeon: Assuming business mix is constant, which is obviously a variable that could change over time, higher growth, I think, will be a positive margin driver in that we will get better leverage out of our business. And that as we drive scale, that creates some opportunities to get margin leverage. So I think in a higher growth environment, we would think that is a -- that would be a net favorable factor for margin improvement.
