Bill Meaney: Good morning, Sheila. Thanks for the question. So first, I appreciate the call out it. We’re really pleased with the organic service revenue approaching 26% in this quarter, which we thought was just a very strong result. And as you pointed out, that was really driven by a lot of our new digital solutions, which was well north of 30% growth if you take ITAD and digital services combined. I think your question on the traditional service side is a good one, because what we’ve seen actually is an increase in the backlog of incoming cube, which quite frankly, we haven’t been able to get at in some countries because of continued rolling lockdowns or intermittent lockdowns. So we do expect has some of the lockdowns get ease that on the traditional service lines that – we know that there’s a backlog of incoming cube that we haven’t been able to access the offices for. So I think there will be some in the medium term in that area, how big it’s hard to judge right now.
Bill Meaney: Yes. And the other thing I would just add to it, Barry, I think, Barry’s last point as important as the $375 million is a net number. So obviously we’re making a lot of investments to transform the business, but the $375 million is net of all the investments we’re making.
Bill Meaney: Good morning, Nate. I appreciate the question. So first on the 6 megawatts, yes, we really pleased to say, it’s a single customer for our Northern Virginia campus hyperscale and it’s a new logo to us. So on – just a number of fronts, it’s just a great – it’s a great customer win. And as you can see, our – we keep expanding capacity in our Northern Virginia campus based on the pipeline that we see even beyond that. So really congratulations to the team. I think in terms of the pricing, you’ve noticed this month, we were up slightly. So we thought that was actually a good trend. I think generally what we’re blessed being in that sense, relatively newcomer to the data center space that we don’t have as many historical customers that were originally sold in at higher than what today market prices are. So most of our customers, because we’ve been growing very quickly over the last few years are relatively new customers that are at, what I would call, new and – the new pricing level. So we don’t have as much pressure as some of our older peers that have had that. With the exception, we’ve called out in the last few quarters from time to time, when we did acquisitions, we knew we were acquiring some customers that had been with our acquired companies for a long time and that those were rolling off. So generally, we feel pretty good where we are on pricing. You notice that this quarter, we were on the 3.6 megawatts we were up quarter-on-quarter on pricing. And that was really more about mix that we were highly focused on collocation or retail and enterprise customers, which obviously come at higher pricing. So generally, we don’t see a big change in the pricing on customers that we’ve acquired or brought into facilities that we’ve acquired.
Bill Meaney: Thanks. Thanks for the question. Good morning. I think that couple things, I would say. First of all, if we look at on the Records Management business, we see a very – if you look at quarter-on-quarter over the last, say four or five quarters, we see kind of pretty much the same kind of trends that bumps up and down. So we don’t see a big change in terms of the net volume trends in that part of the business. I do think that, because of the shutdowns that I referred to earlier in a number of our countries, we have seen a significant increase in backlog, waiting for people to be able to get back to office to allow us access to bring that in, so that’s positive. But if you just look overall in terms of our total physical storage business, we’re really pleased with how that’s coming out. Because if you look across the portfolio of our physical storage businesses, the first year – the first half of the year, where we’re up organically in terms of volume, we expect the second half of the year in terms of our physical storage business to continue that trend. So overall, the year we say flat to slightly up, but, as I say, we’re up slightly in the first half when we expect the second half to look the same. And then we add the normal price increase on top. So we feel really good in terms of where we’re sitting on the general trends and the trends within each of those segments of our physical storage business seem to be relatively consistent. I think, it will be a short-term uptick once we can access some of the boxes that were – that have been ordered for us to pick up. But I think that’s more to do with a one-off transition as we hopefully get out of COVID.
Bill Meaney: I appreciate the question. So maybe what we’ll do is, I’ll answer the first bit, in terms of the acquisition of employees, because it’s a really good point. And then I’ll let Barry comment on the inflation that we see across our business, not just on labor. I will just say, inflation for us generally is our friend, because we have such high 75% – 70% to 75% gross margin business then, obviously, and we’re able to price pretty aggressively against that. So it generally creates a tailwind towards our margins. On accessing talent, look, it is luckily – we’re blessed with a very strong culture. So if you look at our employees and I’m referring mainly to our frontline employees, who really are the heart and soul of the company, these are the people that you see our trucks out on the road or people see our folks coming into the facilities or the people that keep the lights on in our data centers. They are very long-term employees. Culture is very strong and we have very low churn, for a service company, probably one of the lowest churns in the industry. So we’re blessed that we don’t have a lot of outflow of employees. That being said, the growth that we’re seeing in a number of our service areas, as well as our data center means that we are actively going out there and acquiring talent. And I’ll be honest with you, it’s tough at sometimes, but our biggest reference, our current core employee growth. So we haven’t seen a situation where we haven’t been able to grow with the demand except as a backlog I mentioned, because we just can’t access facilities. And there has been some short-term blips that Barry called out in terms of we had to use some expedited labor in a couple of cases, so that we could meet the demand. But generally, we feel that our culture has been our friend in terms of being able to acquire the necessary talent.
Barry Hytinen: Okay. Hi, George, it’s Barry. Thanks for the questions. So we feel really good about the way the team is progressing with respect to Project Summit. The full program we anticipate generating $375 million of benefit. You’ll recall that last year, we generate about $165 million of benefit. And year-to-date, together with last year, so program to-date, we’re at about $257 million of benefit. We will end the year with all of the run rate savings in the numbers. So we expect to be exiting the year at the full program benefit that leaves about $50 million of year-on-year benefit next year. And so you should be penciling something about $70 million of incremental year-on-year benefit in the back half, probably split pretty equally this year with that $50 million remaining. So we feel great about the way the program is progressing. The team is executing well. You asked about investments. What you will see is we certainly did as part of Summit, invest in certain areas like our commercial organization, innovation, our global strategic accounts organization, and you would see that in our SG&A expenses this year, if you look at our SG&A year-on-year, it’s up excluding stock compensation expenses of about $16 million and actually more than all of that is in the commercial organization supporting growth. And so we – both in the form of increasing that organization, as well as some variable costs that go along with the great sales performance year-on-year, like, variable compensation expense. So you are seeing those expenses in the numbers already, and we expect that you will continue to see very good performance out of the team on Summit. Thanks.
Barry Hytinen: Sure. Hey, Shlomo. It’s Barry. Thanks for the question. We feel really good about the way the team’s performing in our services organization, as you know the revenue is up considerable amount both year-on-year and sequentially. While the gross margin is a tick down, call it, 40 basis points, I’ll note that, that is driven by the fact that revenue in that line outstripped our projections. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks and if you look at versus our projections last quarter – for the quarter, we beat revenue by about $25 million round numbers, the vast majority of that was in services. So we certainly did to maintain customer service and we did have some level of, what I would consider like, surge expenses related to servicing that uptick in demand. And then I think you should expect that that will even out as we move forward. The decline in gross margin is about $1 million. So it’s not a tremendous amount. We feel good about the margins we’re generating off the new product offerings to Bill’s point on our Global Digital Solutions and our Secure IT Asset Disposition. Those are very nice margins. The other thing I’ll note is, our – if you work through the numbers in our services area on EBITDA, the EBITDA margin in that business was actually up 100 basis points sequentially, and that was up 640 basis point year-on-year. So we feel good about the way our services are performing. Thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Rob, it’s Barry. Thanks for the recent pickup of coverage. We appreciate that. On your question is related to inflation, I’ll say that, beginning of the year, I would say we were quite prudent with respect to our guidance on inflation, obviously, that’s a topic that’s very much in the popular culture right now. We – one of the reasons we can be confident in our guidance and increase the midpoint today is that, what we are seeing is not outside the realm of what we baked into our original guidance. And if you look at our cost of service label, for example, you actually see that we’re generating productivity, they’re both sequentially and year-on-year. And so we feel good about where we are and appreciate the interest. Thank you.
Barry Hytinen: $125 million and I’m just increased it to $250 million: I think from a standpoint of going forward, you are thinking about it the right way. We’ve got a large portfolio and we see the opportunity – opportunistically continue to recycle a – relatively small amount. Without giving forward guidance, we’d historically said, you something on the order of a $100 million a year, maybe even $125 million a year as a planning posture. Obviously, our recycling efforts are back in circumstances we driven both based on what’s out there in terms of cap rates, as well as what we need from a development pipeline. I will say that one of the benefits of our businesses in light of the growth in EBITDA and the cash generation of our core business, which is just tremendous. We see the opportunity to continue to fund our development, both from internal growth of EBITDA and cash generation, as well as this sort of modest recycling. So that’s the way I would think about it. And I appreciate your interest.
Barry Hytinen: Hi, Shlomo, it’s Barry. Thanks for the question. Let me clarify that of the $5 million, about $4.5 million is in the core. That’s from the small deal we did in Asia, which is a $4.5 million acute. The rest is in the adjacent business category. And so when you work that through the model, you should find that the core was down just about 30 basis points, which to your point is – Bill’s earlier comments, very consistent with what we’ve been seeing even a little bit better than where we were, let’s say, a year, year and a half ago, in terms of sequential performance. We continue to feel good about our core business and expected as we guided earlier to be flat to slightly down on an organic basis for the full year. And in light of the dynamics that Bill mentioned in terms of the backlog for incoming cube and likely for the pandemic to continue to ease over time. We expect that that performance will continue to bump along and maybe even slightly improved. So we feel really good about where we are there.
