Barry Hytinen: Yes George, the only other thing I'd add, I suppose, is that it was right in line with our expectations when we set the projections because, of course, as we signaled last quarter, we obviously knew that we had to anniversary over the fit-out services. So we're very pleased with the way services performed. And I will just tell you that as we look forward, we've got very good pipeline on things like digital solutions, our legacy IT asset disposition business is ramping, and we have as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, very nice pipeline there. And we will see some incremental benefit from revenue management. So we feel very well positioned, George. Thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Thanks for the question, Kevin. I would say ITRenew actually performed consistent with our expectations, and I'll just provide a little more color there. As we've said before, with the lockdowns that we were experiencing or everyone is experiencing in China, we had been seeing ITRenew declining through last year. And in fact, in the fourth quarter, it stabilized was actually slightly up on a sequential basis, which we view as a positive. Now we are, I think, being prudent with our expectations for ITRenew going forward because as you've probably seen in the press, China continues to -- while the restrictions are off, they continue to have a lot of challenges with COVID there. And so we haven't seen the market develop meaningfully yet, but we are cautiously optimistic. So we are planning for the first quarter expectations for our ALM business to be consistent with the fourth quarter revenue levels and then ramping over the course of the year. As it relates to the rest of the business that you were pointing out, we had very strong contribution from revenue management, as you would have seen in the supplemental report. In fact, that ramped nicely on a sequential basis. And we feel very well positioned as it relates to revenue management as we move here through 2023 because as I mentioned in the remarks, all of our revenue management actions are essentially already in market. So we feel very, very good about how things are trending. The other thing I'd call out, which was a really nice performance was in our data center business. You saw the growth rate continue to be very strong on the storage side, high 20s and from a standpoint of bookings also ahead of our expectation. So that gives us very strong visibility into 2023 in terms of revenue generation. And I'll tell you the pipeline continues to build. So appreciate the question. Thanks, Kevin.
Barry Hytinen: Okay. So a couple of points there for you, Andrew, as it relates to how to think about the first quarter. When I mentioned that we probably have something approaching $40 million of FX challenge for the full year, the vast majority of that is going to be in the first quarter. So I think we'll probably have something like $30-plus million, maybe even more than that of a revenue headwind from FX in the first quarter just based on where rates are now versus last year. The other thing to be thinking about is that from a standpoint of ITRenew, that will go into our organic growth rate this quarter. In fact, as you know, we closed that transaction at the end of last January. And so it's organic for February and March. And last year, I don't mind giving you this number for your modeling purposes, I may have mentioned it last year. ITRenew was about $60 million in the quarter, and then it was $65 million in the second quarter. And since I'm planning it to be essentially consistent on a sequential basis, that's about, call it, $45 million that vicinity. So I think that will have about round numbers, a couple of point impact to organic growth. But from there, if you work through the model, you're going to see organic continue to improve through the year. And really, at that point, you don't have any additional acquisition revenue of any substance in the numbers. So you're essentially very close to the constant currency growth. And I think that at that out of pencil for you on the model.
Barry Hytinen: Thank you for the question. It was very strong, as you probably noticed. Organic revenue growth on storage was 11%. And overall, it was 11.3%. And so with volume being as we planned just slightly down on a sequential basis, by the way, up better than our projection for the full year. It was a very nice contribution, and we had 8.9% on that metric for the full year. So it shows you the ramp that we've been seeing through the year. In terms of -- for 2023, we continue to expect revenue management to be a very nice contributor and be thinking probably in at least the mid-single digit range for the whole year, if not a little bit higher in light of what we've got in market. And we feel quite good about where things are. And I guess I'll also add that from a volume perspective, since it goes a little bit to the question you were asking, from a volume perspective, we are continuing to see good trends there, and we would expect for the full year 2023 very similar projection to what we did last year. So something like consistent to slightly up. Thank you for the question.
