Brian McKeon: It's a combination of both, Kevin. So we had -- keep in mind that the -- there certainly was a storage component to it, but particularly for the backup businesses, the archiving business, but the eDiscovery business was -- much of that would be under flow through or competitor -- complementary revenue line. So it was a mix.
Brian McKeon: Why don't we get that for you, and we'll comment on it in a moment. We'll just look that up for you.
Brian McKeon: Then, Kevin, let me -- I just have a couple of comments on. First, answer your question, it's a 70:30 split, 70% storage. And I think at the beginning of the question, you asked about fixed and variable interest. We're a bit higher than our ideal range. I think over time, in terms of fix floating, we've got a very annuity-based business that aligns well with the fixed commitment structure on debt, but I think over time we probably will be looking to have our fixed component more in the 70% to 80% range, but I think we're comfortable what we are currently, and that's an opportunity for us over time.
Brian McKeon: Andrew, it really was more similar than different. Fuel gave us about a point in growth on the -- actually 2 points of growth on the core service line in the quarter, it was 1.5. So if you adjust for that, it really was very similar to the numbers we had in Q1, so I wouldn't point to this as a change...
Brian McKeon: Yes. No, we did have a tax impact. I think the cash tax payment was over $50 million, and that's reflected in the discontinued operations.
Brian McKeon: We did have some acquisitions. We had Poland in there, and some [ph] acquisition in Greece as well. So it was acquisitions, and the overall numbers, they were solid. We had a 5% storage internal growth. The service number was down a bit. We were lapping the high project revenues in Europe, specifically in Italy last year, and that was constraining the number a bit.
Brian McKeon: We entered into this prepaid variable repurchase program, and the way that works is we do an upfront payment commitment with banking partners, but it doesn't get -- until it gets completed, it takes 2 to 3 months to complete the program, the shares don't get delivered. So effectively, we did repurchase $250 million, and it will be done in the coming days.
Brian McKeon: Right. So it doesn't show up in Q2. But that was what the 7 million to 8 million share reference was, that's effectively what was repurchased in the quarter.
Brian McKeon: Out of the $1.2 billion, you've got about $200 million covered by the dividend and the variable program, and the first step was $250 million...
Brian McKeon: We feel very good about it. As we noted in the quarter, the International profit improvement was a key driver of our results. We had margins up year-on-year 110 basis points. We're on track for about a 200-basis-point improvement this year, which is consistent with what we talked about. That doesn't reflect changes in our portfolio. So there may be opportunities that emerge from that. We've continued to advance the plans with the team, we feel very good about it. The growth remains solid. The business is performing well. So I feel confident that, that's going to be a key driver of results, and we're on track for our plan. I'd also highlight just overall in the company, if you take out the proxy costs, at midpoint, our margins outlook for this year, adjusted OIBDA I think is just shy of 31%. So we're moving well towards the 32%. It was one of the benchmarks we put out there as a goal by 2013, and International's going to help us to achieve our goals in International that'll put us on good track for that objective.
Brian McKeon: Yes, well, we're expecting it to conclude in early August. So, that's midpoint, I guess, for the quarter.
Brian McKeon: To a degree, it depends on what we decide to do. I would say that there's a few different tools here, and some things may result in a public announcement, but look, if we're doing things like open market purchases or 10b5-1 programs or things like that, our practice is not to comment on that. So I think what you should take away is that we've got a -- we are executing against the payout plan. We're making good track, and we're committed to delivering against it, and you should expect us -- the share repurchases, we said all along, is our preferred tool, and we'll continue to evaluate that. But we may or may not do a press announcement.
Brian McKeon: Pricing, similar, plus 2%. As we mentioned, North America Records Management, that's where we've been. That's pretty much what we've got in our planned numbers as well, and so feel good about that. When you mentioned that churn has stabilized, that the combination of destructions, permanent withdrawals and terminations. Destructions are in a similar range. That will bounce up and down. It's driven by customer events. But it's been more in a stable range, similar range in recent quarters. We have seen some improvement on permanent withdrawals and terminations, reflecting we've got a real focus on customer service, and...
Brian McKeon: It's about 7% globally, not all that different by region, to be honest with you. And it seemed to be in a similar range. So it's stable. I wouldn't be signaling improvement.
C. Reese: Kevin, this is Richard. I think when we put forth our 3-year plan, you'll note that we -- that part of that plan is increasing our leverage to the midpoint of our range, to approximately 3.5x from about 2.8x, a little under 3x now. And I think that's a comfort level we have to operate the business, and that's the level in which, between that increase in the level and our free cash flow, we're going to distribute the $2.2 billion of cash over the next 3 years. And so, I think we're sort of set for how we're going to use free cash flow and leverage for that timeframe. Having said that, we'll always reevaluate, and we do reevaluate our capital structure from time to time. We are a business that, if you look out in the future, should generate substantial free cash flow and should continue to be able to distribute substantial cash to our shareholders over a long period of time. We've also spoken that we would be -- have interest in acquisitions in our core space, and there are acquisitions out there. By and large, they're relatively small, and by and large, we will do them if they make sense to us from a return on investment basis to help accrete returns, so it's if there are very good financial attractions. They're not things that we would consider to be strategic, okay, so to speak. And there's a couple of larger relative to the physical business that are rumored hanging around out there, and we don't know if they're out there or not, and we would have to see what our appetite would be for pieces or parts or all or none of still some kind of things. But net-net, none of those, nothing we would think about will get in the way of our commitment to distribute the $2.2 billion nor should it get in the way of our ability to distribute significant cash flow beyond the 3-year time period.
C. Reese: And Andrew, by nature, the we separate our services for communication purposes between core and complementary is the things that we put in the core are services that we cannot influence. These are specifically demand-driven by customers' activity. You can't make them retrieve a file or box or tape or call us to shred a bin or so forth. That's totally related to their activity. The kinds of revenues we put in the complementary services category are the kinds of things we can go out and stimulate the sale process and so forth. And that is in fact why we define them that way.
C. Reese: I think that's true. But remember, the denominator is so big, and there's always a time lag thing kind of thing, we haven't seen it yet. I fully expect, to be clear, that the core service softness trend we see will change. And I expect there are 2 or 3 things going on in it, and they'll change, and I expected it'll at least flatten and maybe rise a little bit off of a so-called new normal in a certain position. We just haven't found it yet.
C. Reese: We had a major project in Italy that wound down. That's the kind of revenue that will show in our comp services stuff, which, as you know, can be pretty lumpy at times.
C. Reese: We just haven't gotten the final accounting and delivered the shares. Therefore, we don't reflect it through our numbers.
C. Reese: And if we enter into such a transaction, which we did, we are otherwise not trading in the market around it.
C. Reese: And by the way, it's a little bit of a black-box process. They don't really tell us what's going on. You don't really know till the end. So we're making estimates.
C. Reese: We're not able to do anything until it's done. And we have considerations on what we've got to do next, and shortly, we'll be discussing that with our committee and our Board as to the next step. And there's other backup plans in place and so forth. It's a fairly complex process you have to go through. As you recognize, we can't do anything until we get on open window of clear sky, blue sky insider knowledge perspective whether we can put a program in place or not. So I don't think we can comment on exactly which tools we will use, except to say that it's our expectation to continue and stay in the market on a fairly regular basis. And your comment that we might be behind, we don't see it that way. When we map it out, I'd say we're right pretty much on plan and trying to do this on a fairly consistent, steady basis.
C. Reese: And recognize, I know this is obvious, but I have to -- I want to continue to repeat it, is the $1.2 billion is an artificial date that we agreed to, and we will commit to doing it. But we've also agreed and committed to another $1 billion to find it. So we're not trying to push to a first year date and then wrap it up and walk on. This has got to be a continuing way of life for us. I just threw this 3-year period because we said earlier, we expect to have significant free cash flow in the fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, tenth, and twentieth year. And in all scenarios, we can see a substantial amount of cash flow excess of the business needs. In other words, we're not starving the business. We want to make sure the business is well taken care of, but in excess of the business need, we will be returning cash to shareholders. And therefore, when you've got that significant amount of capital, we're trying to do this in a pretty programmatic basis, trying to make sure we don't make any big mistakes. But you know, we're not just trading in and out and so forth. So you'd expect to see a lot of steady distribution here.
C. Reese: Well, the process -- I wouldn't want to say we made final decisions. I guess what I'm saying is I've seen enough analysis. They have a pretty much gut for what's going to happen, how's that? And in fact, we're going to review a lot of that with our board coming up, so we've got some final work to do. But the short answer to your basic question was, is this going to be a significant series of capital-raising events? The answer is no. There's more opportunity in our portfolio to focus the strategies and drive improvement, and we're going to, by and large, continue doing that.
C. Reese: I'd like to stress that your question is, we're into it 3 months, how do we feel about it? It leads me to believe that you might be thinking about it wrong, and so let me -- from our perspective, at least. And that is, it's not like we woke up 3 months ago and fired a gun and said you guys take a big right turn. We'd actually been working with International and developing the plans of that well before we made these announcements. And in fact, they already had a head start on a lot of the work, which is why you're seeing 150 basis points coming up this quarter. These are not the kind of things where you can just do them overnight. They take a lot of prepping, and if you go back and listen and look at our numbers, you'll see us talking about investment in International prior to this. As I said, their whole business plan for this year already had the 200 basis points in it, because we'd already started them down that strategy and that path. The other thing here that is the shift in International, though, is the International had some initiatives in the projects going partially related in the hybrid business and so forth, trying to drive and build some growth platforms for the future that were not panning out as fast as we thought. And we've asked them and refocus that, and they have, and that's part of and will help contribute to this sort of stuff. And it's part of just focusing international on, again, on the core business, just like we've done in North America. Let's look less at shiny objects and look more back at our core business, because the sense we have come to understand was that we are walking past the core business just a little too fast and leaving good opportunity, good return opportunity on the table and not going after it aggressively. And I think if you go out and talk to customers, if you go out and listen to the marketplace, I think you'll hear is Iron Mountain is awake again in the core business. And that's what I want them to hear, and that's what we want to do, because there's good business out there, and it's a big battleship, takes a long time to turn. But it's turning.
C. Reese: I won't say New Zealand is pretty much it. I won't be that definitive. What I am saying is anything would occur won't be significant, okay, in terms of financial impact.
C. Reese: No, I don't think you'll see -- I don't think the portfolio view is going to have big shifts of margin. The 700 basis points we're going after is going to be the big shift in margin. I don't know that that's all, by the way, but for the next 2.5 years, it will be the big shift. Look, and I guess, I would tell you, though, that as much as I've said we've been working a lot on this before we announced it, I guess I would stress one thing. We didn't hold back anything. We don't have a lot of money in our pocket. Not a lot of -- we've got some reasonable cushion here, don't get me wrong. We're not totally crazy. But we came forth and said, "Look, these are the things you can do." And everybody stretched and feeling stretched pretty good. Everybody's saying they think they can do it, but there's nobody got a lot of sandbag, and I don't have a big bucket of capital of earnings in our pocket that we can dump out and protect ourselves with. We'll continue looking, and there may be some other good opportunities, we'll go looking for it. But this is the plan we expect to execute and we will execute, and we'll deliver the cash, and we'll still have a good business at the end and continue delivering cash after that. That's what we want to do, and I think we're pretty comparable we can do that.
C. Reese: Yes. There is a variety of ideas and structures. They fall into -- they tend to fall in some very unique categories, which I won't go through with you, okay? But we're in a stage of value generation. I mean, we're actually running a formal process. We've had lots of meetings, interviewing lots of advisers. We started to choose advisers to help us. We are going to spend some serious money on this, which is why we're going to tell you about it each quarter for a couple, few quarters till it's done, because it is a onetime kind of event. But yes, there are some ideas, and they have -- as I predicted earlier, they all come with a range of benefit and range of complexity and a range of risk. But it tends to work out those with the highest risk -- generally those with the highest risk generally have the highest complexity and generally have the highest benefit, okay, as you might expect. But yes, there's a range of stuff that we're looking at. And we will narrow that down. We're going through a process of narrowing it down and then focus on a best view, if I might say. And I don't know how many will be in the best view category, and really try to drive them to the ground and see if they makes any sense. Unfortunately -- you can make a decision on some of them fairly quickly that don't make sense or that won't work or anything else. But some of them, the devil is absolutely in the details, and there's an enormous amount of assumptions and modeling and people to talk to and so forth, and we're going through that.
C. Reese: And that improvement, by the way, is a reduction in the rate of terminations and withdrawals, which the positive is, is your storage balances are higher. The negative is you don't recognize the service revenue in a fairly good service line.
C. Reese: So thank you very much. We appreciate your joining us this morning. As I said in the beginning, this was a good quarter. I do want to clarify a statement I made earlier, for those who haven't figured out, I don't really have too much of a script here. I'm pretty free-form, so I'd sometimes trip up in my words. As I was talking about the foundational dividend, and I made the statement that not necessarily grow with free cash flow, I don't want to imply that we're not intending to grow the dividend. We absolutely -- it is our intent. But you can expect that it's our intent that as our business continues to do well, our dividends will continue to rise. So I just want to make sure that nobody read that as a change in intent and change in the outlook and so forth. But other than that, as I said, it's a good quarter, and we hope and believe the rest of the year will show similar kinds of result as we go forward. Our business has stabilized, and we're now looking forward as we focus on the core to really making this thing hum, and I think we'll be able to do that. So again, thank you very much. I hope you enjoy the rest of your summer.
