Bob Brennan: Kevin, as you know we talked at our Investor Day about our longer-term goal in the range of 9%. We still think that that’s a good longer-term goal. We are a bit below that currently. We may see some moderate increases from the current levels overtime as storage growth improves which is our plan, but we think that that 9% level, that longer term goal is still the goal for us.
Bob Brennan: It was a couple of million dollars. It was focused on some of the Atlantic markets and wanted to highlight it as an additional factor. It had some impact on the core services growth.
Bob Brennan: Yes, we highlighted two impacts; one was on revenue, which we estimate for the full year to be about $5 million, and on OIBDA a range of $5 million to $10 million. The impact on the revenue is just expectations for some decreased service activity and some loss storage revenue. Some of the records that were impacted, basically some records sold over in the facilities, and when they get co-mingled with others we destroy them, because we cant endure their integrity, and we are expecting some storage revenue.  The profit impacts, obviously there is some impact from the lawsuits. We are also factoring in things like our insurance deductibles and some steps we took to strengthen our insurance coverage, just given this was a significant event. Our clam will be sizable, we are every comfortable with our insurance coverage, but we took some conservative steps just to make sure that we have adequate coverage going forward. 
Bob Brennan: Thanks correct. A couple of things Andrew; as far as next quarter we are expecting storage growth in a similar range to Q1. As we’ve noted, we are still working though some of the tougher comparisons and those comparisons should ease later this year.  In terms of some of the key factors, destructions have stabilized. So they are still at healthy levels, but the trend had been going up and we fell comfortable that things are moving in a better direction than they were. The key factor that’s going to help us on improving the storage rate over time is going to be progress on the new sales from. I think there are good results in that area and that will take some time to fall through of course, but ours are better with progress. 
Bob Brennan: I’ll also highlight our international storages is growing mid to high single digit. Based on some of the progress we made in areas like continental Europe and other expansion markets are doing quite well. So we feel we are on a good path. As you know, it takes a little time for the growth rates to change in storage, but we think we are moving this in the right direction. 
Bob Brennan: So the flow through benefits takes some time, but the fact is we feel much better about new sales this year, than we did last year at this time.
Bob Brennan: Lets remember the primary driver behind this, we always new that we will be able to be more effective that for produce stronger operating margins as a result of _ . the primary driver was so that we would establish the level of value in the market place that we could then drive though new sales and the value proposition that’s realty unmatched in our business,
Bob Brennan: Yes, John this is narrower I think. We constructively dipped that with the way we competed last year, and we think we allowed our competition some entry and that we are being more aggressive now, and I believe we’ll see the benefits of that, because we have a value proposition that is differentiated from that of our competition, especially as it relates to the chain of custody.  We have specific programs in place that allow our sales force to really attack competition, where we gave them a little bit of room last time and we shouldn’t have done that, but we are also working through channels here, so you can expect to see announcements from some of our partners, specifically in the commercial real estate space, and some more to come on that, but where people see the usefulness of offering shredding to their customers; whether it would be an in-office space or other locations that will hope to announce later in the year.
Bob Brennan: we are on the right tack though as it relates to the kind of opportunity we fix. We see a lot of usefulness in building our organizations to really drive depth into those industries that are highly regulated with a lot of knowledge. Workers still think financial services, healthcare, legal and you can see through our service offerings that we are becoming more verticalised and you can expect that will become more verticalized in our approach to the market overtime, but we don’t expect to breakout the results specifically by quarter.
Brain McKeon: I’m particularly pleased Andrew with the progress that we have in generating new sales. The field leadership I mentioned just briefly in my comments has really been able to pivot and focus on driving new revenue, and we’ve got an awful lot in a pipeline that is expanding. The code of performance year-over-year is much stronger, and the fact is we’ve got the North American operations running very well. That allows us to just become much more external in our focus in driving new revenue. 
Brain McKeon: Andrew I know you appreciate this, but I think in terms of factors like the economy, we would expect, the first things that we would see would be improvements in more discretionary spending, some of the project activity, things on the new sales front. The next benefit would be more which will lag somewhat, but we would expect service activity to improve, and I think the last thing we would expect to see is kind of the flow through of the economy.  For storage, just given that it takes some time for people to create the incremental records and to sort them, we are in a kind of storage business. So it will head back over time but I just want to caution that we are still working through some of the lag effects and we think we are prudent in terms of our outlook in that context. To summarize, we feel very good about what we can control in driving new business, and believe that service activity will rebound as the economy rebounds. I mean you know how strong it was in 2008 as we entered the downturn.
Brain McKeon: Yes, in terms of core service, I mean we’ve been highlighting this for a couple of quarters, but the activity levels in areas like transportation services, trading services have been pressures to the premium services. Yes we saw greater pressure recently through the economic downturn; we obviously were at a high value added proposition for our customers and premium services like rush delivery levels were a significant decline and that cost focuses continued with customers.  I think, also note that in some areas we may not have been as competitive as we needed to be. We’ve been improving things like our pricing equation. I think in trading we may have stirred that a little too far; we’ve been making some adjustments on that front.  So net-net we are still seeing soft activity. We are planning for that to continue in the near term. We do expect that to improve over time, but it will lag improvement in general economic activity and we’re going to be working through those comparisons for the next couple of quarters.
Brain McKeon: So, Andreas anecdotal feedback is to spend a lot of time with customers, I don’t see IT budgets going up in any kind of significant way. What we do see is that de-capitalization of IT, which is favoring a services model and outsourced model. The thing about a subscription model is that while we were up 4% in 2009, it lags coming in and it doesn’t have a spiky effect on revenue, but we’ve had strong progress on these sales, and I feel very good about just from a macro perspective the fact that IT is going towards more of a ‘pay as you use’ model and that’s a trend that a lot of players have to adjust to more dramatically than we do, and it’s always been our business model.
Brain McKeon: We have David. It’s essentially we move from market to market and having productivity from the system we have done that very well throughout North America, and we do it from the standpoint of sustainability, so we are adding new programs as well, so we can talk to procurement initiative in the last quarter that will really focus on strengthening our gains and consistency across North America.  We have the began exporting the playbook most notable to the U.K, but also to other material markets like Australia, and we feel very good that over time we can presume North American returns out of our mature international business.  So its in the mussel memory of the company and that business is running very well while is why we are practicality enthused about the potential to grow the business through new cells because of the fact that the business is running well and we can be more external in our focus. This is something that we had to work on internally for years to get this kind of rhythm, but we feel very comfortable with where we are in that regards as it relates to record center optimization, productivity thought our business and realizing that on a sustainable bases. 
Brain McKeon: I think we are continuing to roll out. The process orientation, the process focus on how we manage the business, because Bob noted we are on to a kind of a net phase of initiatives in areas like procurement. We see a lot of opportunities in our organization, just how we interface with the customer and go to market.  I highlight that, we think there is efficiencies there. We do want to reinvest those efficiencies to accelerate growth. We think that’s an opportunity for us to become more effective and efficient and so we are committed to continuing to improve our profitability. We think we’ve established very good capabilities in areas like piecing and in just our process approach to running the business to enable us to keep making progress as we move forward and as an enterprise we have other areas to help us drive margin improvement.  Most notably we think there is a significant opportunity on the international business as you know the margins there relative to our business are currently quite a bit lower. There is some of that is the stage of development in that business in the investments that we are making and the expansion markets but that’s also represents the significant opportunity for us. Also the major business like gains in scales. So we have a number of things that we believe can help us sustain strong profit performance and revenuer growth as we move forward. 
Brain McKeon: We have a relationships with companies like waste management, significant partners to help us manage that and that helps us to have a secure avenue for sales overtime. Our pricing is impacted by this spot market so we do see fluctuations in the pricing levels, overtime consisting with the market. We are quiet comfortable in our ability to secure buyers for the paper.
Brain McKeon: Our outlook for this year, is similar to our long range goals. The bulk of our spending is related to storage systems, that’s imported growth. So that’s physical and digital, and a smaller percentage of our spending is on things like IT and strategic initiatives and infrastructure, so the bulk of our spending remains related to growth oriented capital.
Brain McKeon: To create our first time presence; I mean if you look where we were not, we’re still not in Japan, we’re not in Africa, we’re not in Middle East, in those areas that we are always looking for the right joint venture partners to enter the market with. We are most successful when we go in with the local partners that knows the local market. China is an area where you could argue that we have some flags planted, but there is a lot of opportunity for us to improve our presence in that region, and we recently brought on some talent that will help us to do that.
Brain McKeon: I mean specifically if you look at Brazil, Russia, and India we have very good business that we are think we can -- Brazil, it’s economy to expect that’s move up the stack rank if you will in the next two years, and we think that something that we can take advantage of. Russia we have a great business in our joint venture partners and we are very pleased with the way that’s going, and remember that there is a ton of room in continental Europe as well.  You know we are still in the earlier stages of scaling these individual countries. Unlike North America, Spain is different from Germany, which is different from France and those businesses still have a lot of improvement. In a time scale that’s measured in years you will see more improvement there, than you will from markets where we are just entering.
Brain McKeon: Just in terms of storage, it was solid, we noted it was 4%. We are getting benefits from pricing to support that, but it’s driving positive volume as well. Its obliviously moderated from what we used to, driven by some of the impact last year; the higher destruction rates and the softer new sales, but overall we’re continuing to grow solid storage revenue growth, and we are looking to improve that as we move forward.  The service activity was supported by a couple of factors. Obviously through paper pricing, we are seeing very good growth on the DMS front, and those factors are offset by the softness that we see on service activity levels and also kind of on a select basis some of the more additional project work that we have done, that is related to managing hybrid records, which we think has kind of taken a softer activity in some of the sales pipeline that we saw from last year.  On balance it’s solid growth inline with what we are hoping to achieve and we are working on other things that we think we can improve that overtime, and position us well for when we see some of the benefits of the economy improving.
Brain McKeon: We are seeing that. It was positive in the first quarter, and that was supported by DMS, also by our eDiscovery business, but that is a favorable factor. It’s moving forward sequentially. I don’t want to give you an impression it’s turned around quickly. It’s moving in the right direction, but those early indicators we are seeing some of the positive factors and just I need to be the voice of caution here, and I just want to make sure that people know it. It takes time for some of the benefits to flow through our business and we are going to be working through this in the next couple of quarters, but we do see some signs that its moving in the right direction and we are working on things that will hopefully strengthen that.
Brain McKeon: The revenues in the business were up solidly in Q1, supported by paper. It’s a little difficult to separate paper from the overall business, because as you might imagine the competitive dynamic is that flows into the overall economics and it influences how you would price your services and things of that nature.  Our service revenues were down moderately, but overall it was the quarter for shredding and we think we can have solid growth in that business this year, again aided by some of the macro factors. Bob you want to talk about some of the dynamics.
Brain McKeon: Not from the European change. In fact, one of the conclusions as we went through this process was significant effort for the team to kind of deviate on this and get us to a place where we are fully aligned in terms of our reporting globally. The conclusion was, there wasn’t really material affect from the seasonality change, so that enables us to keep the change relatively simple and have a one time charge pull through the other expense line. So the short answer is no, there shouldn’t be an effect in that.
Brain McKeon: It’s hard to asses, but I wouldn’t count on that being a push out. I think that’s related to normal activity that didn’t happen and we are not expecting it to. I think the key thing on the service sides to recognizes is, which we try to highlight is; one thing is the course of this activity remains soft and we are planning for that to continue for decline in the near term. That we are against a couple of tough comparison in Q2.  We had big project in Italy last year that was very beneficial. We’ll work through the lapping on that, and get a large license on digital. So there’s a couple of factors that are going to moderate growth. Paper pricing came down 15%, so that’s less of a benefit, but net-net, I think overall in the business we feel good. We got the storage movement on a good track. We are seeing some positive sings, and we’re looking forward to getting through some of the transition phase here and get to a solid growth rate moving in 2011.
Brain McKeon: Yes, we are definitely see positive signs as it relates to pipelines. eDiscovery is a very strong business for us. We are very, very pleased with Mimosa and our backlog offerings have become more competitive. I mentioned it quickly in my remarks, but we’ve added capability to our backup offerings that we think opens up the market opportunity for us and we are seeing a promise out of our sales versus to driving increased activity in the pipeline. Keep in mind it’s the subscription model, so we don’t get the lumps that come positively or negatively would being a professional licensed business that you’ll find in many technology companies. We are seeing solid growth in the subscription pipeline, so we’ll look for that to benefit our results going forward. 
Brain McKeon: We don’t report granule basis, I would say that in terms of verticals we are very focused strategically in areas like healthcare and government in terms of long-terms growth rate and we are pleased with the progress that we are making on that from. Financial services is obviously a big vertical for us and we are seeing substantially different trends across our verticals, I think they are relatively consistent business…
Brain McKeon: Our overall energy cost remain in the 2% to 3% range, it wasn’t a big driver of our margins one way or the other and we are just fuel charges which have been not been material in recent quarters, but we saw our consists an increase is on that prompt we have some ability to offset that with the fuel charges.
Brain McKeon: Thank you very much. I very much appreciate your time this morning and we feel very good about the business, we feel very good about our prospects and look forward to reporting to you again next quarter. Thanks your time today.
