William Leo Meaney: Thank you, Stuart. And just a couple of comments before we begin the question and answer is, first of all, it was a very strong year, which was punctuated by double-digit EBITDA and AFFO growth well ahead of the shares we issued to support our acquisition of the IO data center. The business also has never been stronger or better positioned, continued organic storage revenue growth with remaining untapped storage segments or reserves, a broader range of businesses and services still tied to our existing business relationships built on decades of trust and accelerating organic growth of EBITDA and AFFO which underpins future dividend growth whilst de-levering. With that operator I'd like to open it up to questions.
William Leo Meaney: Good morning, Nate. Look I wouldn't rule it out but it's not really what we think we need to do in the plan. In other words the EvoSwitch, if you think about EvoSwitch specifically which as a good example is we look at the top 10 international markets and the top 10 U.S. markets and we say okay, do we feel, how do we prioritize those, which ones do we think we should enter. And then, when we look at that is, we look at what's the best way to enter that market. So Chicago, Northern Virginia and Frankfurt are all great examples where we decided the best way for us to enter that because it's important for our customers that we have decades of relationship with, plus some of our newer customers on the data center side that we have product on the shelf in those key markets and we decided the best way to enter those markets was through Greenfield development which we've done. In Amsterdam, we looked at the same thing because as you know, in Europe we refer many times to the flat markets, the top markets in Europe are Frankfurt, London, Amsterdam and Paris. So Amsterdam is absolutely a key market in Europe and it's one that our customers wanted to see us in. and when we looked at Amsterdam, quite frankly EvoSwitch for us was the best entry point. So, that's how we think about those markets but if you think about overall in terms of our growth plan, we're now almost 350 megawatts of capacity that we can build out both with sites that we've already started building in the Frankfurt in Chicago site and we feel really good about being able to achieve our financial plan with little or no acquisitions.
William Leo Meaney: What I would tell you is that unfortunately I don't control the ratings. The rating agencies do. I mean we want to operate the business a heading in a direction that we think is prudent for us to be able to continue to grow and run the business. But I wouldn't say that there's something that we're aspire to. We want to keep those types of metrics, but it'll be up to the rating agency to figure out what they do.
William Leo Meaney: I think yes, I would say we want to manage our balance sheet consistent with they being able to fund a business and not that different than other REITs and if you look at their balance sheet structure I think we're pretty close to that today.
William Leo Meaney: I would say first of all, let me refer you back I think it was the May REIT presentation that's on our website from last fall where we disclosed some of the valuation of our real estate in a little bit more detail. We've done that a couple of times and obviously we shared that with the rating agencies as well and so there's some detail in there. The important point here is that you have to look at it on a percentage of value versus a percentage of square feet. So while it looks like we own 30% of our overall square feet if you look at it from a valuation perspective the markets that we own or the markets you want to be in and control real estate so from a valuation perspective we're over 50%.
Stuart Brown: I think it's a good question, Nate. I think that well first of all I would differentiate between the enterprise customers in a hyper scale. So, it's fair to say right now, we as Iron Mountain is we're more the bulk of our customers are in the enterprise segment which is what you would expect. We notice that of the new logo who signed this year, 43% of them we already had an existing customer relationship, where then obviously those were enterprise customers. So, for us I think when you talk about pricing, we see less price sensitivity on the enterprise side quite frankly. So, Iron Mountain hasn’t been exposed to that as much. When you see the analyst talking about the pricing compression, it's more on the hyper scale. Now, what does that mean for us is we do have an appetite to be present in the hyper scale market and I think I've covered this before on the calls and it's more about getting to optimize in the yield on the site. So, if you look at Northern Virginia which is 82 acres and can build out well north of 80 megawatts of critical IT load. Then if you want to fill that, the rate that you fill it is it's important in some ways as what the specific revenue per kilowatt that you're getting on that site. So, to fill that out at a pace that we think is optimum, then we would expect that site to be somewhere at when it's fully built out between 40% to 60% hyper scale. Now, on our standpoint is our models are built on current hyper scale pricing. So, I think what you're hearing coming out of the industry is hyper scale pricing has come down and quite frankly these things typically are kind of 8% to 9% cash-on-cash returns. They are at least approaching that level now but that's where we built our model and that's where we expect our entry point, which are still well above our weighted average cost of capital and it's still a good return. So, I think the noise coming out of the market I think is more about people who have been heavily present in that segment before and they're realizing the pricing is coming down to what I would call the normal clearing price in terms of what a reasonable return is for these very large scale projects which have very long contract duration.
Stuart Brown: Yes, hi. Good morning, Sheila, this is Stuart. Just if you look at sort of the midpoint in guidance implies about a 30 basis point improvement in margin and as Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks where that's impacted also negatively by the change in lease accountings if you normalize for that it's a 50 basis points to a 100 basis point margin expansion. And I think you're going to see similar trends in '19 to what you saw in '18 with revenue management continuing to contribute to margin expansion in the developed markets. Emerging markets, you'll see some margin expansion really due to continue in increased scale because we're not we've got pricing program in those market but we're really there focused on driving scale and continuing to increase our market presence. And then you will get then in the datacenter business or that business grows as a percentage of the total business. You will get some uplift in margins because that business is higher average EBITDA margin than the rest of the business.
Stuart Brown: Yes, good morning George. So, first of all in terms of the program is that it's pretty much completely rolled out obviously in North America and now Western Europe. We start rolling it out this year or past last year in 2018 with four centers across the broader international market out beyond Western Europe. So, we expect to see some real traction in those markets whereas Western Europe will be fully online this year, last year was partially online, obviously North America will continue online. So, what we expect is similar levels of price increase in North America. In Europe as we while in North America is we got this past year, we expect an uptick on coming out of Europe and also the emerging markets, and so the international markets this year. So, we feel pretty good in terms of the momentum that we're getting on that. So, I think you can expect that we'll have further strength from price in revenue management coming in to 2019 and we built that into our guidance.
Stuart Brown: Yes, I mean if we normalize for the impact of the lease accounting and even if we go back which to normalize actually for the rev rec accounting that we had that helped us in 2018, while we've been achieving margin expansion of 50 basis points to a 100 basis points a year. Looking forward, right investment benefit also by the obviously the flow through of rev rec as well as synergies, we continue to have cost improvement programs in place that you will continue to see benefit from going forward. So, we expect to see sort of similar levels of margin expansion going forward. But in addition, we've historically been investing $20 million to $30 million a year in our new business growth and new business initiatives and starting to see some green shoots come out of those businesses. And as you look forward, we expect to see some margin expansion that coming out of those business as well. So, I think as you look forward, feel quite comfortable with sort of continuing a similar track of a margin expansion.
Stuart Brown: Yes. I'm glad you asked the question. Again, and today we're really focused on the 2019 guidance. So, we didn’t want to sort of confuse that with sort of putting out 2020 numbers. So, let me walk you through the puts and takes to how to get there. And to answer your first question on the currency, if you go back to my script, we talked about in 2019, FX headwinds by itself on revenue were $60 million to $70 million on an EBITDA or $20 million to $25 million. And --.
Stuart Brown: I don’t have that handy. Again, the exchange rates prior to sort of the recent changes haven’t been that significant, so we go back to what our 2020 plan has been. This is now really the biggest impact. And yes, remember the 2020 plan was built on currency rates at a certain period of time. So, you should, we should always be normalizing for FX when it goes up or down.
Stuart Brown: So, but if you look forward and relative to our last 2020 plan, right, you can see that we've delivered right on track for 2018 to get to the 2020 plan adjusted for FX from 2018 reported results, EBITDA would need to grow about 15% or $200 million to get to the range of the 2020 numbers. So, when you think about you got about 4% organic EBITDA growth per year, so that adds in and of itself run a $120 million, continue to expect in our long-term plan, continue to expect a 150, actually a $150 million plus of M&A per year. So, that $300 million total M&A, that would add about another $50 million of EBITDA and anything about the comments I just made around, we've been investing in new businesses and services about $30 million per year. So, those should start to deliver EBITDA growth as well combined with savings from continuous improvement can get you back into that range for what our longer term models were. We will, at some point be issuing sort of new long-term growth targets in the future. We're looking at sort of when the best time is to do that now.
Stuart Brown: Let me just give you a quick example of one of the big drivers of CapEx improvement. I can't remember if I talked with this on the last call or not. But if you look at that what we spend annually on our fleets for example, a few years ago our operation seemed to do a great job putting in place new management tools for our drivers to improve fuel utilization; reduce wear and tear on the trucks. As we've gone back now and reevaluated the impact to that, we've realized that the quality of our trucks and the time that they can stay on the road is increased. So, we've been able to actually reduce the rate at which we replace trucks annually and goes around $15 million or $20 million of capital saving in and of itself this year.
Stuart Brown: Yes, we will. I mean again, we want to keep those long-term targets out there and if you look at there what we've been talked about in the past in terms of growth rates of a dividend, how do we support that with AFFO and EBITDA, those general trends all remain on track. And we think our current business plan support those. And the only thing that we'd say, the only thing you need to make sure that you're doing is when you're looking at 2020 is first of all is to make sure that you're looking at the FX impact to that and adjusting those targets for that. We're not issuing 2020 guidance today.
Stuart Brown: I had one other point as well, just that people don’t think we sort of walking back as on our leverage target as well, right, the original multi-year plan we've got in there either five times lease adjusted EBITDA if we issue the full 80m or 5.2 times target for the end of 2020 and that remains our target as well on our business plan.
Stuart Brown: Yes. So, I mean the EBITDA on the datacenter, we're sitting right now with the at the mid-40% range on the EBITDA margin. As that scale continues to grow, EBITDA numbers still sort of putting the infrastructure together from an integration standpoint. And also still incurring integration cost, we had a little over $2 million of integration cost in 2018. So, we're well in track to sort of getting back to the mid-50 margin and a 10% of total EBITDA by the end of 2020.
Stuart Brown: So, the 10 basis point to 20 basis points to expansion is or improvement is in 2019 rowed up to the 5.6 at the end of 2019. So, we'll get down to 5.0 -- 5.4 at the end of 2019 and then another improvement in 2020.
Stuart Brown: I think what we've always said is that to us it's not about our ability to run the business or finance the business. And you could see that when we issue debt it's usually at the upper end of investment grade as it stands today. It's more where our covenants cut in. so, our covenants are at 6.5 and we think that ideally we would like 1.5 to 2.0 turns of daylight between wherever our covenants are and where our leverage is. Because it just gives us much more flexibility, whether it's looking at our own stock from time to time or if it's looking at opportunistic acquisitions, we just think that 1.5 to 2.0 turns between your covenants and where your debt levels are as ideal. So, we're not in a rush, that's why we our view is the right balance again from capital allocation as we continue to invest in growth in the business. We continue to grow the dividend and that still leaves us enough leftover that we can slowly tick down leverage to the targets that we set for ourselves. And over time that will continue to go down.
Stuart Brown: Well, it's really hard to talk about hypotheticals. We because look at we really like our plan. Obviously the area where the biggest demand for CapEx, don’t forget we have a 150 million of M&A built into the plan annually and another 250 million plus built in terms of expanding datacenters. So, it's not like we're constraining the business for capital. So, you put those two together, we got over $400 million that we're ploughing into growth and M&A for the business each year. So, and then if you said that we -- just in datacenter being the one that is probably the most obvious, is we with what we have in terms of Greenfield and sites that we've already started developing is we can take that to over to almost 350 megawatts. So, we got plenty of daylight in our plans, so it's really hard to respond to a hypothetical at this point.
Stuart Brown: No. Good morning, Karin, this is Stuart. I think if you look at sort of the trends that we had overall, you get some variability from quarter-to-quarter and you got to remember our volume numbers is our trailing four quarters. So, when you get around to the end of the year, you're looking at total volume changes by market is what we put in the supplemental and you also then can come back into sort of implied price. If you look at sort of the buildup in the number and you look at developed markets and emerging markets both volume and pricing, actually don’t expect to see that much difference in trends in 2019 from 2018. So, we've talked about revenue management and our ups continue to upside in that program. And if you think about sort of what those are, it's not really pricing consistent with inflations, so we're not out there doing anything too crazy on that front. You will get some tick down from organic revenue growth in the data management business; we talked about that as well. And then, that will be offset by continued growth in the datacenter in the adjacent businesses where you're getting storage and service growth on both of those. Albeit in 2019, the data center cooler base or organic base will grow as the acquisition sort of move in to as we lap over the acquisition dates. So, I think very comfortable with the growth rates that we've put out there.
Stuart Brown: We haven’t really done a lot of real-estate acquisitions today in that sense. I mean, the real-estate purchases that we've done are really opportunistic and it's more we've done some -- we will do some real-estate acquisitions in 2019 where we've got a couple of purchase options. Actually in California in a couple of record center that are well below market and that's in our plan will fund that with capital recycling from selling some other real-estate which is also in our plan. So, we'll continue to recycle capital opportunistically. If you look at sort of where multiples are creating in the business from a multiple of revenue basis and again we try to look at it actually including integration cost and things like that and we're still sitting sort of 3% to 3.5% shred, actually quite a bit little bit cheaper than that. And as a multiple of EBITDA six to seven times EBITDA and that's pre-synergies. So, our synergies will add another turn or so improvement on to those numbers.
Stuart Brown: As we talked about in the past sort of in the -- the spreads are -- you'll see the gains, we saw the gains actually that we recorded in the P&L in the fourth quarter from some real-estate sales. And we'll you'll see some nice numbers next year as well. I mean, cap rates on industrial real-estate and we did some evaluation work with the east still last year. You look at the real-estate portfolio that we own in just North America is for the excluding racking before racking is about $2.5 billion and that's on a six cap rate. I'd argue cap rates are actually probably below that given the markets that we're in. and we would primarily end-markets like Boston, New Jersey, California, Chicago, Dallas, we really try to own in the primary markets. And you'll actually see a selling, actually the real-estate we're going to sell or recycle is going to be more the secondary and tertiary markets.
Stuart Brown: That's more of a pro-forma just because we're lapping the IO EvoSwitch in Credit Suisse datacenter acquisitions. So, we were quite busy in 2018 and if you actually once those are all lapped, we're sitting at a 75/25 mix today.
Stuart Brown: No, it's I can look at a number of my peers across the REIT sector they have similar leverage levels and in better ratings that we do. We've been having ongoing discussions with both S&P and Moody's in a very healthy way, as our business had shifted from historically business services we became a REIT. We're continuing grow the datacenter business. I think Moody's actually has put out a report and published that we've moved over to their REIT team and so I think we're making good progress, we're having great dialogue with them. And I think they over time will give us more credit for the REIT like durability of the cash flow that comes out of the business.
Stuart Brown: The thing I'll just add on quickly to, and when you think about how do we leverage our real-estate and locations, our logistics know how our asset tracking. And you can really see it in our Art business as well and entertainment services where we're doing a lot of specialized transport packing tracking of unique items and a number of the major auction houses have outsourced their back office to us for us to handle that for them. So, how do we keep expanding that and growing that, we think that's an interesting area.
Stuart Brown: Yes. Now, let me again, we had a strong fourth quarter leasing activity. We're a little over a 20% pre-leased in the development pipeline. And as Bill mentioned, we had a large global bank take additional space at that location and we continue to see good leasing pipeline in almost all of our markets.
William Meaney: No, thanks Sheila. No, I think that we expect to continue to build on that, obviously it's with the federal government the gestation period of it is longer than our say normal private enterprise customers. But we continue to see the backlog growing and I think we highlighted our homeland security win on the last call. And we start getting those what I call kind of an iconic brand is the momentum that's starting to build in the business. And we see that, we see an acceleration in terms of the pipeline. With that being said is that the government is one fiscal budget. So, you work this year to deliver the project generally for next year. But we really like what we see in the pipeline in terms of momentum. So, I would expect that to tick up over time.
William Meaney: And the only thing I would just add Andy on this is that from a FX standpoint is that in our view as we take FX right and the good news is we don’t have a margin exposure on that. So, whether it gives us a tailwind which it did a couple of years ago and now it's giving us headwinds is what your where our shareholders are paying for us to do is to manage the business through those tailwinds and headwinds. So, we're really focused on line-of-sight to the operational plan that we have to do to deliver that original 2020 guidance and we're well on track with that. And we think the looking at some of the R&D pipeline that Stuart relayed, mentioned the $30 million that we're spending roughly a year on that that includes things like Iron Cloud and InSight which we effectively have seen very little benefit to date on. So, we feel pretty good in terms of where we stand versus our original outline.
William Meaney: But I make you a point is that the walk that Stuart just took Andy through. Since that we're still on the 2020 number correcting for the 5% at the end of 2020. So, what we expect that the momentum will continue to build in the business. So, exiting '20 we're sitting here at a little over 4% organic EBITDA growth as we sit here today which we think is really great progress because we started as you can find the story as we started less than 2% four or five years ago. So, we've got that up to a little bit north of 4% on an organic basis and we have lined aside in on track to exit 2020 at 5% organic EBITDA growth.
William Meaney: And I think to your point about the difference between the 5.2 and the 5.0, it's whether we run the ATM. So, as you know we have a $500 million ATM which we've draw down a little over a 60 million off. So, and we haven’t run that for over a year now. If we ran that, that would reduce the leverage by 0.2, if we don’t run the ATM, then instead of 5.0 it would be 5.2; would be the endpoint for 2020.
William Meaney: And the only thing I would just add to that to Nate is that we've done like totally -- we're both focused that we would love to be treated like digital. The other part for us is we still want to de-lever because of this free space that we have where our covenants, our covenants are set at 6.5 why that's historical but that is what it is. One thing I would say is we're already getting kind of upper end of investment grade pricing when we go out and issue debt. So, we're already getting the benefit, it's just that rating agency is just all rated that way. So, you actually see our debt get priced is we're not far off but it would be nice to have the rating as well.
William Meaney: That's a great question, Sheila. So, it's kind of I would say three things that and I kind of highlighted it and will try to incorporate that so the people can see the total volume that we're storing rather than just purely the records information; the 690 million cubic feet of records that we are storing, doesn't include these things that we're already doing like under the flex program which is exactly which has similar margins by the way or revenue per square foot as our core business. We also have a similar type of operation in Amsterdam where we're doing both last mile customs and delivery for a number of the large global e-commerce platform just well as local post European postal offices. And the third area which I also alluded to is and we've talked about a few times is that we continue to like certain aspects of the Wallet consumer storage which is a logistics heavy portion of the consumer storage market. So, we think those three areas are areas that will continue to add volume to our network. And we our intention is to be able to incorporate that in the number, so you see it because right now it's hard to actually see the level of impact.
