Barry Hytinen: Hi, George, it’s Barry. Thanks for the question. The team is doing very, very well with respect to revenue management. You would have seen that our organic storage rental revenue growth on an organic basis was up over 8% in the quarter. That marked a nice acceleration even from the higher levels in the first quarter. And in our Global RIM business that was over 6% on that metric. So volume, as you would have seen on an organic basis – in total is up about 2%, but on an organic basis is very consistent with our expectations of being just slightly up, so about 50 basis points. So what you’re seeing is a very strong contribution from revenue management coming through. And I’ll just add on to the second part of your question and note that we are continuing to see incremental opportunities for pricing. And in fact, we will be seeing us move forward with additional pricing actions later in the third quarter that will fully benefit us as we move through the year and then give us a little bit of an incremental lift next year. So those are just in light of what’s going on in the economic activity and the fact that our existing revenue management program has been so well received, we see the opportunity to continue to move higher. So you will see that going forward. Thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Yes, sure. Thanks, Shlomo, for the question. You – a couple of things you asked. On the actual contribution, you’ve calculated it correct; it was about $65 million. So that was just a touch up from the first quarter. And as we – as Bill referenced, as we said in early June in light of what we were seeing in the second half of May as well as the continued to see in June in light of the COVID shutdowns that Bill referenced. We certainly, that was below our expectations. That said, in terms of going forward, two things. One is we are planning and in the guidance that I gave you for the third quarter and the target for the full year. We have just assumed that our ITRenew contribution would be consistent going forward at that level or even maybe even a touch below that. And I think that’s a conservative way to position it because as Bill mentioned, we and so many other technology-oriented companies don’t know when China will reopen. But I think once it does, to his point, we have a very strong committed backlog and we have a good amount of consigned inventory that can sell through. I just didn’t want to plan for it to get better. So I view that as – that’s why I described that as I think, conservative because as it opens up, we will be selling through. So we feel very good about the committed backlog and the level of activity we’re seeing from our upstream clients. And as that market reopens, I think we will see a very good sell-through. Thank you.
Barry Hytinen: Sheila, its Barry. The only thing I would add on to that is specifically to build on Bill’s point around digital solutions; we grew high teens in the quarter, which was the best comp we’ve had on that specific line in several quarters. And in fact, it’s against our hardest comp last year. So it really speaks to the fact that our digital business is taking hold and going from strength-to-strength. I’ll note that we had a very strong contribution from our legacy ITAD business as well. That’s in the asset life cycle management business, as you know and that business is growing at the very rates and we see considerable incremental opportunity for that to grow, in fact, just to be clear, it’s accelerating in terms of its level of growth, so we feel great about that business. And then it’s notable to say that our pricing continues to be up across the business that includes services. So thanks for the question, Sheila.
Barry Hytinen: Yes. Hi, Brendan, thanks for joining the call. In terms of the JV, just to be clear, we’ll operate it will, of course, be respond for the construction, the management et cetera. We saw it as an opportunity to leverage third party capital, which allows us to essentially use someone else’s balance sheet and then use ours to go further our development pipeline. As you know, we’ve got a lot of capacity to continue to build out. And as Bill mentioned, this is effectively a fully stabilized asset before we even break ground. And in light of the still very significant investor interest in data center assets, we saw it as a compelling incremental opportunity to even further improve the return that much more as the pre-lease is very attractive to the capital markets. So we’ll maintain a 55% interest in it. We have traditional benefits from the joint venture structure that you’d appreciate as a data center analyst, and I’ll just note that we were able to sell that at a sub four and a half cap. And again, it’s fully stabilized. So we view it as a compelling capital allocation opportunity. Thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Eric, just to add on, this is Barry. I would say as it relates to pricing, it’s been quite good, and we see that continuing to lift across our data center portfolio. You would see that in our mark-to-market has been improving. And continuing to run a little bit ahead of our expectations, and that’s a little bit of a lagging indicator. So you’ll see more lift there. You’ve seen our new and expansion leases signing at higher levels on a per kilowatt basis, both in the quarter and versus last year, and our renewed leases are coming in better. So that, together with the fact that, churn is running kind of at or below expectations, we feel very good about what the team is doing in our data center business. Thanks.
Barry Hytinen: Hi, Sheila, it’s Barry. Thanks for the question. You’re right. We did do a few transactions. We had about $91 million of proceeds in the quarter. Year-to-date, that’s about $96 million. I continue to expect we’ll probably do for the full year, something like $150 million, maybe a touch more than that in terms of total proceeds. And notwithstanding your point about the market, we continue to find there is a tremendous appetite for industrial assets out there. And we are able to transact in – both in terms of on cap rates as well as on lease terms that are very favorable to us. And as you know, that’s been part of our capital allocation strategy for some time. So we’ll continue to do that is my expectation. Thanks for the question, Sheila.
Bill Meaney: Thanks. I’ll start, Shlomo and then I think Barry will give you a little bit more specifics in terms of how to think about it from a modeling standpoint. So I appreciate the question. similar to what – when you and I were chatting at your conference here, I guess, a couple of months – almost two months back, summer is almost gone, is that it’s pretty much – as we were speaking about is that it’s really a tale of two cities. So as I said in my kind of remarks talking about a number of the customer wins that we’ve had around IT asset destruction and asset life cycle management, it’s been a really strong quarter. And that’s really where we’re getting the volume of material that we then sell that gets recycled into new equipment going forward. So the – what I would call the upstream in terms of the amount that’s coming to us because of our customer reach, the logistics that we have our know-how to be able to do that in a safe and secure way is that we’re sitting on very strong inventories that’s on consignment to us. So this is stuff that we hold on consignment and then sell on behalf of our customers and ourselves or the suppliers of the components and ourselves, to the downstream manufacturers that reuse that in new component. So the upstream bit is really performing to our expectations, and we feel really good about that. The downstream bit right now is primarily in China. And as we’ve seen the lockdowns even more stronger in May and June than we expected, and they continue with the rolling lockdowns because of their zero COVID policy. So we’re – it’s hard to predict exactly when that will open. The good news is we have the inventory to sell. The minute it does open and every indication is that it will normalize in the foreseeable future. But the timing of that is difficult to predict. So a long way of saying is we’re really pleased with the performance on how it’s resonated with our customers to actually even exceed our expectations and how many customers have come to us to give us their volume of components to be disposed of either to be destroyed completely or recycled downstream. In terms of selling those components downstream, which is where we recognize most of the revenue, it’s been hung up mainly because of the – well, entirely because of the COVID, zero COVID policy in China and the rolling shutdowns. And, Barry, maybe you want to talk a little bit about how we see the rest of the year shaping up.
Bill Meaney: Good morning, Sheila. I appreciate the question. So it’s really mainly new businesses, right? I mean, the business has rebounded from COVID, but we kind of saw most of that rebound, to be honest with you, towards the tail end of last year. And there are still certain countries that are kind of going through periodic shutdowns, we talked about China – we were talking about China in terms of ALM, but we see the same thing on the records management side in terms of the rolling COVID shutdowns in China. So the growth that we printed in terms of services is mainly the new areas. And I highlighted some of the wins that we’re driving that on our digital transformation services. So this is really a direct result of taking ourselves from a $10 billion total addressable market for our products and services to the $120 billion [ph]. So that’s where you’re seeing the growth is in those new products and services that are part of that 12 times expansion of our total addressable market.
Bill Meaney: Good morning, Brendan. It’s great to have you on the call. Let me talk about the strategic rationale of why we decided to put that into a joint venture. And then – or to do that deal that way? And then I’ll ask Barry, he can give you a little bit more of the financial details. So first of all, we don’t do – first, we don’t do a lot of build-to-suit or powered shell. And this was for a customer that is one of our largest customers globally in a number of our sites, and they had a specific requirement for Northern Virginia. The other aspect about this particular client is it allowed us to materially expand almost 100 megawatts – roughly around 130 megawatts, 135 megawatts of IT load that we can actually support on that Northern Virginia campus by doing this partnership with this client because we were able to use that to bring in a substation on to our site and we’ve completely secured the power now for the entire Northern Virginia campus. So even net of the 72 megawatts that we are actually leasing as a powered shell is that we’ve actually increased the capacity of that site by another 70-megawatt is another 70 megawatts. So that was really, really important to us. And so the – and it’s a great return on the powered shell. So that’s really our motivation first of all for doing that kind of contract. In terms of why we joint ventured it, it really was very compelling from a financial standpoint. I’ll let Barry talk a little bit about the financial aspects of the deal of bringing in a joint venture partner because I should also add, this is a 100% stabilized asset, right? So we always look at fully stabilized assets and say is that something – we’re focusing most of our capital on development opportunities, not stabilized assets. So we saw that as an opportunity. But then especially when we looked at the opportunity, the financial aspects were just very compelling.
Bill Meaney: Thanks, Eric. I’ll start. The – I think first of all, yes, it’s a great problem to have. We’ve been so successful this year in terms of leasing. You’re right to point out that we are making sure that we have capacity to continue to grow at these kind of rates. So the funnel that we have in front of us right now, if you think about we have 118 megawatts leased to date this year with – and we said – we gave you guidance that we’ll do at least 130 megawatts this year. So we feel obviously very comfortable about that. And going into next year, we don’t see any slowdown in terms of the rate of growth. I mean the 72 megawatts that we did in Northern Virginia, I wouldn’t say that’s a one-off because we continue to see in the pipeline similar types of opportunities, whether or not we’ll pursue all those is we’re constantly make decisions based on the specifics around that requirement. But we are lucky that we’re in a situation where, yes, as I said, we don’t necessarily bid it everything that comes by, so we can actually be a bit more selective. And we feel really good about the funnel. We’ll give you, obviously guidance for next year as we get closer to the end of this year. But the – we feel really good in terms of having similar kinds of growth rates going into next year and beyond. In terms of where we need more capacity, obviously in Arizona, we need more capacity, and we’re well on track to be able to do that. We talked about expanding our footprint in India. We just think that’s a really high growth and interesting market. You can imagine that we’re actually – we still have a little bit more capacity left in Frankfurt too, but Frankfurt is another market that we’re regularly looking at we’re well situated in expanding our campus in Amsterdam. So that’s good. London, believe it or not, we’re probably going to be back into the market in London again. So there’s a number of markets, but as you can imagine, is that we’re constantly out to expand it. But right now, I would say that our real estate plan and what we have currently under our control is we feel really good to be able to maintain these growth rates. I mean never say never in terms of acquisitions. We don’t see anything on the horizon, but do we look at kind of what I call brownfield opportunities like we did with Frankfurt too or even when we entered the Amsterdam market. We constantly look at whether it’s better to buy a piece of greenfield land or a brownfield asset that can be rapidly expanded. But I think you can probably think in your mind that mostly what we’re looking at is expanding our land bank in terms of greenfield.
