William L. Meaney: George, thanks for your question. The 1.4%, and if you see our historical trends which were kind of 2%, 2.5%, I think we made a deliberate decision and you can see it in terms of our retention rates. Our retention rates are up about 30 basis points and when we were looking at renewing large enterprise customers, we look at retention, obviously, which is a key driver in terms of our long-term economic performance, the terms, in other words, how long those are. So for example, we just renewed a financial service client where we not only increased the volume that we have with that client, but we went from a normal 5-year contract to a 10-year contract. So we put all that into the mix when we look at that. So overall, what we're trying -- what we look at is optimizing or maximizing the revenue and profitability of our customers and we look at price, we look at volume and retention, we look at the length of the contract and the contract terms, all with a view in terms of building the durability of our business. So if you put that in the mix and you see where we've delivered on the OIBDA, so you said, well, historically, we were at 2%, 2.5%. We were at 1.4%, but we increased retention by 30 basis points and we still hit our OIBDA target. So it's a number of things, the variables that we look at. And when we look at these specific renewals, it made a lot more sense to make sure that we improved our retention rate, especially with a view of signing up longer contract terms.
William L. Meaney: I think that the -- first, it's consistent with what we said on an earlier call, I think, it was back in October when we discussed our reorganization, is that whilst there is a reduction in our cost base associated with it, that was not the motivation for our realignment. And the realignment was triggered back in October, but some of that is just falling through in terms of the restructuring costs in quarter 1 of 2014. So the reorganization was, for the most part, completed last year, but there were some kind of carry-on in terms of the first quarter. The main part of that was taking out 2 layers in our North American organization and mimicking what we have probably internationally that comes naturally around the country organization and we've instilled this -- installed something similar in the United States where we've put a lot more accountability into the local markets and that was really with a view to be more competitive in the mid-market segment. Combined with our acquisition of Cornerstone, those 2 things came together with the reorganization, as I say, again with a view to be more competitive and have more accountability going after the mid-sized segment.
William L. Meaney: I can -- maybe I'll give the first part of the answer and then let Rod emphasize because he was also referring to some of the tools that we've introduced. But we have brought in some more, I would say, sophisticated tools and then made some investments to better predict when we seem to be losing traction with customers. And when we go in early on, you have a much more, I would say, robust discussion, which includes how long we can renew the contract for. So we saw some contracts, which normally renew for 3 years and we renewed them for 5 years, as I highlighted just previously. We had a contract where we didn't have anywhere near the share of wallet that we do now. Actually, we went from having a fraction of their wallet to 100% of their wallet and instead of a 5-year contract to a 10-year contract. And when we look at that, that leads to not only better retention rates, which as we said you can see the results in this quarter. Whether you look at North America or you look at our overall business, we've improved retention rates by about 30 basis points. But in addition is we are gaining better terms and conditions in terms of the length of those contracts, which, as you know, for us, this is a -- it's all about the durability and low volatility of our business. And then, Rod, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
William L. Meaney: I think that probably the best way, you have to have a little bit of a helicopter view, especially our exposure to financial services where you have legal holes in specific markets that can skew the data one way or the other on any given period. I think we have to look at -- I think probably the better way to look at it is do we see a different trend, say, in North America versus our other developed markets, say, in Western Europe or Australia. And I would say that we see very consistent -- we're using similar approaches to the market that Rod just described and I would say we're seeing similar trends, almost identical trends, across both of those markets in the improvement that we're getting.
William L. Meaney: I think the price -- again, I'm going to let Rod maybe follow up. But I think, first of all, on the price is that, from our customers, is it's much more important in terms of what their overall, both quality and cost, of their whole records program is. And quality is about, obviously, making sure -- if you think about this as a safety deposit box for some of the most valuable documents for our customers, it's making sure that those things are stored in a way and can be retrieved in a timely fashion when they need them. And the other thing is to make sure they have a robust records management program, which means that they retain the things that they need to and they don't retain the things that they don't need to. So that's -- and then the other aspect is how much does that whole program cost? So those are the types of discussions that we have with our customers rather than on a specific price. I think, in any low-inflation environment is that everybody is driven by trying to get more productivity out of their operations and we're not immune to that like any other vendor. But the conversation we're having with our customers is how can we reduce the cost of their total program and at the same time, improve the quality of that program, which may mean lower volume for some customers in certain areas, but it definitely doesn't mean lower margin from our standpoint.
William L. Meaney: I think, it's really -- I'll let Rod comment more specifically, but it's really a tale of 2 stories. I think the OIBDA margins of North America haven't gone down when you look at our storage business. But as the business becomes more archival, then the service side of the business does take certain headwinds and there are 2 things going on: one is paper prices makes a fairly large impact on that, but the other thing is that as the business becomes more archival, whether you look at the RIM business or the DM business, is that you can only -- you can only be so proactive in terms of restructuring your cost base because you still have to service the customers until they become that less active. So it is kind of a thing where we can be proactive to a certain degree, but during this transition, until the declines in service revenue or the archival nature kind of flattens out in the business, there will continue to be pressure under the service side of the margins. But to be clear on the storage side is we are maintaining our margins on the storage side, and in fact, in most cases, improving them. So I don't know, Rod, if you want to...
William L. Meaney: And I think on the -- the only thing I would just add to what Rod said is on the -- and if we look at Data Management, remember, we're talking about a base of 60% OIBDA margins on that business. And the storage component, whilst we've seen a decline as the business becomes -- tape is used much more for archive than backup purposes, we've seen an increase in our storage volume even though that tape format is becoming more efficient, et cetera. So we actually -- the amount of data that we're storing continues to grow. It's not for backup as much anymore, it's much more for archival. And you need to do this in the context that we're talking about at 60% margin business.
William L. Meaney: Well, that was a good way of, Andy, not asking a question about the REIT process. All I can say is we congratulate them both. I mean, we're in a completely different business segment, so I don't think you can read much into their process versus ours. But I appreciate the question.
William L. Meaney: I think that there's still a lot more to come. I think we are clearly seeing some. I mean, I think that the 30 basis points of improvement on retention -- don't forget, retention is almost the same as selling for us because of our presence and leadership in a lot of these segments, right. So retention is an important bellwether and it is getting closer to the customers through verticalization, through using better analytical tools that Rod discussed in his remarks. I think this is all starting to have a benefit. That being said, some of the things that we're doing around the middle market and even for a large enterprise customers, I think it's early days. As we discussed at Investor Day, we're in the process of standing up a central marketing operation under a chief marketing officer that's still being implemented. So I do think there are ways where, as a company, we can use our unique scale to further our leadership position and I think that there's more to be done, but we are starting to see some benefits, as we've highlighted, around retention.
William L. Meaney: Thank you, operator. To wrap up, we delivered a solid quarter with strong constant dollar growth and margins. We have many attractive investment opportunities in order to grow our business over the long term and we'll do so prudently, consistent with our focused capital allocation approach. At the same time, we will continue to sustain the durability of our storage rental business, expand our presence in emerging markets and pursue attractive emerging business opportunities. We believe our durable platform and deliberate growth plan will continue to deliver opportunity and maximize total returns for our shareholders. Moreover, the value of these returns are further enhanced due to the higher certainty and lower volatility inherent in the nature of our business, which combines a durable and global customer base with superior scale. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Roderick Day: Well, just to build on that a little bit, Bill, there's really 2 sides to the equation here. Scott, one is we've invested in sort of predictive analytics to better understand the likelihood of customers terminating or destroying then trying to work with them in a more proactive way, both for our benefit as well as their benefit. And I do think we're seeing the consequences of that starting to come through in some of our key volumetrics. The other thing that we use to sort of build from that is to think more about the long-term value of the customer relationship rather than as sort of just a short-term quick win that we might try and get. So by thinking about that and then structuring that value into the contract over a longer period of time, again we think it's better for us and better for the customer. So hopefully, and I think we are operating in a more sort of sophisticated manner.
Roderick Day: I think that's right, Bill. Really, what we're trying to get at is what value can we bring to the customer? It's a complicated mix. It's not just storage, there's a whole lot of service elements that we provide as well. And as the industry leader, we're concerned to make sure we bring that value and demonstrate that value to the customer. So as part of our negotiations, it's a sort of wider and more holistic discussion, I suppose, rather than just a simple price discussion. And I think by doing that, it's good for us and it's good for the customer.
Roderick Day: Yes, I mean, I think just on the revenue point, just to be clear, it was never that far off in terms of our expectations when we went into the deal sort of few hundred thousand. And actually, as we've been able to work with the business, that gap, if you like, has been closing as the months have progressed. So actually, I think we're encouraged by their performance, by what we've seen top line and bottom line pluses, as Bill said, very sort of secondary benefits in terms of better understanding of small and mid-market that we can gain from.
Roderick Day: Yes, I think that's right. And you can see that a little bit in our numbers for the quarter actually. Because on the RIM side, the Records and Information Management side, if you look year-on-year, our margins actually improved by 50 basis points. And there's sort of 3 drivers of that, if you like. One is sort of ongoing good performance within storage. Two is the sort of slowdown in the rate of decline that we've seen in service within the RIM side of things. And three, sort of within that context, we've also been very proactive about taking out costs to try and sort of make sure we can maintain and enhance margin. So you can see that coming through in the RIM segment. If you look at Data Management, though, you do see a decline in margins, which is where the service decline is more accentuated at this point. And that presents us with a challenge, if you like, in terms [ph] of having to sort of take costs out as quickly as we can, so at least try and mitigate that impact. So it depends a little bit in terms of where we're at within the segment. But at least on the RIM side, we're up. And Data Management where we are seeing more of these service headwinds, we're down, but taking action on the cost side.
Roderick Day: So approximately, for the acquisitions, we'd be looking at around $20 million, something like that. And there will be more detail in the 10-K on this. And similar kind of offset on the FX side.
Roderick Day: No, sorry, that's annualized. But the fact is we sort of made these acquisitions fairly early in the year, so actually wouldn't be far off that number.
