Brian McKeon: We have said that 3% to 4% is a leverage range that we're quite comfortable in. As you point out, it's right now at the low end of that range. In terms of how we're managing that, we obviously have increased the dividend pretty substantially. We think we're in a good level there. We're looking to increase that over time as we go free cash flow, but we think that we've established the dividend as an important part of our financial approach and we will continue to buy back shares. I think we have a significant amount available under our existing authorization. We see that as a key point of our financial strategy as well, and that will enable us to have another vehicle to create value and to manage the leverage ratios and acquisitions are part of that equation as well. So net-net, I think we're comfortable operating at or slightly below the low end of the range, and we may spike up over time depending on how we choose to deploy capital given the opportunities that we have. But right now, we're comfortable where we are and we'll continue to evaluate that.
Brian McKeon: It is principally related to a combination of growth and productivity initiatives, but we had started to accelerate the investments in sales and marketing that we've been highlighting. And maybe Bob can talk a bit more about that.
Brian McKeon: We were also -- similar to what we did in North America, we do made targeted investments in the SG&A line and currently in our International business that will enable us to drive gross margin improvement over time, the operational excellence initiatives. So there's some of that as well. But net-net, the overall equation continues to work well for us and we're pleased to have delivered good profit growth this year and look to build on that next year.
Brian McKeon: We've spoken about the longer-term goal in our international operations to increase our adjusted OIBDA margins by 100 basis points or more annually. And we haven't gotten more specific than that, Kevin. But I can tell you that 2011, we're definitely targeting strong margin improvement in international and that's a key factor that's allowing us to advance incremental sales and marketing investment and address some of the lapping issues that we've highlighted.
Brian McKeon: Vance, sort of the key thing is that it's more similar than different. We always have some movement on the margin in different areas, I would say, where net-net, the volume has been within the similar range in Q4. It has been kind of in a similar zone for a couple of quarters. We feel good about the progress that we're making to influence the new sales side, and we think we're on track and look at targeting improved performance as we work through the year.
Brian McKeon: We tried to break this down a little bit at Investor Day in terms of where we'll drive margin improvement over time. And in North America, we continue their work to get better and we shoot to have our profits grow faster than our revenues. But we have seen substantial benefit from productivity initiatives, and we've recognized that obviously in our financial performance. International, we're in much earlier innings in terms of what we believe we can achieve there. We are going to balance that over time with continued investment towards growth. The International businesses is growing quite well. We continue to have strong storage gains and very optimistic about the potential in that business. And that'll be the -- that earlier innings will be a bigger driver going forward, as Bob highlighted.
Brian McKeon: We're obviously in a moderate growth zone currently. As we increase our growth rate, improve our growth, which is our intent, we should be able to get more benefit out of overall overhead leverage as well. It's just when we're in a more moderate growth range, it's a little tougher to do that.
Brian McKeon: Sure. We're enhancing our capital disclosure in our 10-K, which will be available in a couple of days to provide a more granular look at where we invest capital. And the bulk of our capital view is growth oriented. That includes capacity expansion, it includes investments that we make in improving our products, as well as some targeted investment in new products. We invest in things like operational efficiencies. So I think the true maintenance capital required in a business is low, but we continue to grow as a business and improve our product offering. And we're comfortable with our outlook, which we've said over time, we think we can sustain capital spending in the range of 7% to 8% of sales even as we improve -- that's excluding real estate, even after we improve our revenue growth, our outlook for 2011 is roughly 7%. So we think we can sustain the good capital efficiencies that we've driven and drive cash flow higher.
Brian McKeon: We continually try to highlight the overall volume and records management was relatively flat. So we are seeing continued higher levels of outgoing volume, net-net some destruction activity offset by incoming volumes. So that's been the trend for the last few quarters and we came from a place where we're growing mid-single digit before the economic downturn, so we are targeting improvement as we move forward.
Brian McKeon: New sales are a relatively small driver of the volume growth in the short term at the margin, right? It builds as an annuity over time. So the existing customer volume in the quarter was down slightly. But if this is net-net, new sales are not a huge driver of our volume growth at the margin.
Brian McKeon: It won't have much of an effect in that -- first of all, overall energy costs are about 2% to 3% of our revenues and we actually have fuel surcharges as part of our business model. So when the -- at least the energy cost is split pretty evenly between utility cost and transportation cost. And for the transport piece, when the prices rise, we have an offsetting fuel surcharge. It doesn't help profitability, it doesn't hurt. It just helps us to mitigate that.
Brian McKeon: Yes, I think we tend to look at these things year-on-year, Andrew. I think we are expecting to have some tougher comparisons in areas like complementary revenues in Q1 and that we're lapping some of the paper prices come down from some of its peak. So we're not going to have the same benefits that we did last year. We've got some special projects that we're lapping there and the kind of extension of the core service trends we've seen recently compared will continue to be a factor in moderating growth. We intend to continue to march forward with expanding our storage revenues and expect kind of similar seasonal effects. So that's how we're looking at them.
Brian McKeon: It's North American records management. And the net pricing has been turning at about the 2% range, and that's our expectation for this year as well.
Brian McKeon: It did. A couple of years back, it added some at the margin to our core service growth about 220 basis points -- $20 million. And we'll highlight that for you as we work through the year if that becomes a material factor.
Brian McKeon: That's correct. Just 3% 2010, and we're claiming for normal levels this year so that's factored into our outlook.
Brian McKeon: We think over time, we can reduce structural tax rate 200 to 300 basis points and that will continue to benefit as we expand. We'll see those benefits as we continue to expand our international profits. So there's a number of factors that we build into the one year outlook. But over time, we do think we can drive additional efficiency there.
Robert Brennan: Kevin, we've been bolstering our product management marketing and selling capabilities. You've heard me refer as the go-to-market effort over the past couple of years and we've made a lot of progress as we came towards the back half of the year. And embedded in my comments is the fact that 2011, we will continue to make significant incremental investments in this capability as we see it generate the right kind of progress. And we're seeing that kind of progress, so we feel pretty good about that.
Robert Brennan: Actually, Kevin, Brian and I just got back from visiting the international team and the way that they're getting after this with execution is very encouraging. And it helps that North America paved the way over the last four years, so we have a playbook here.
Robert Brennan: Vance, we lagged coming in, we lagged coming out. We've been -- that showed in our results, we are seeing stabilization. And we expected any benefits that we, in the economy will benefit our business, although it will be on a lagged basis. We're not planning for those benefits, but we feel pretty good that we're on track as we start the year.
Robert Brennan: You're right, Vance. You do have to invest to get the productivity and you have to invest to get the growth, and we're careful to make those investments. And as they pay off, we continue to invest and if they don't, we adjust our investments accordingly.
Robert Brennan: Sustainability is a key theme you'll hear from us, Vance. And fundamentally, if you step back, that's a result of us investing and having a better competitive position in our industry than really anybody and those investments pay off a good bit. Sustainability is about making them and continually increasing your competitive position.
Robert Brennan: Yes. It's just below a $50 million business, Gary. Fundamentally, we have taken cost actions relative to our cost reserve to provide service on a given matter. The other thing that we've done is really integrated under Harry Ebbighausen's leadership into our overall business, as I mentioned in my remarks. So there are things like when we see customers pulling hard copy records being able to isolate them and understand if they're subject to litigation, that we're -- I'm comfortable with the progress that we're seeing in our execution on that front. It was a combination of the pricing in the market plummeted very quickly as a result of secular trends in that space, and we weren't quick enough from an execution perspective to write our cost structure. We are writing that cost structure and I think we're doing a much better job identifying and pursuing new opportunities. So I'm confident that, that would stabilize that business. Although because of the way that we booked the revenue, the effects of the down of 2010 will flow into 2011.
Robert Brennan: The purge effects that you're referring to in Q1 really come later in the quarter, then it's not a January 1 kind of thing. So we wouldn't even have a line of sight to that at this point.
Robert Brennan: It's an impact in parts of the country and we saw it on some service activity volumes. Snow removal costs that -- it spikes, but it's very much on the margin. I'm actually -- I like the way that we're starting the year and we're on track to really build on the performance that we had in 2010 in 2011. So I feel pretty good about the start.
Robert Brennan: It's pretty consistent. We take a measured approach to this. In 2009, we really start to get after this with discipline and we're taking a very measured, consistent, sustainable approach to pricing.
Robert Brennan: Well thank you all this morning for allowing us to explain our 2010 performance and the financial progress that we really made building on our strong track record. We look forward to reporting to you again in April and speaking about the progress that we're making here in 2011. Enjoy the rest of your today.
