William Meaney: No. I mean the majority of increase is - you get a few things going on. First of all, the increase year-over-year from a dollar basis, we've - with Acquisition of EvoSwitch and then IO late in January last year, you're getting some increase in overall, overhead cost because of that. And then you're also getting increase in operations team, which we operate in cost of that team as well as some consulting cost. And those are the 2 biggest drivers. And so when you think about the global operations team as we stood that out, you've got cost in the first quarter and continued in the first half of the year and those will switch into benefits as they more than pay for themselves in the second half of the year. And as we sort of think about it as we said these things up, right? We're taking cost earlier this year as we're really trying to get them to pay for themselves within the year. We are going to go ahead and just sort of given the operational issues accelerates some things that we would have spread up later in the year and put those forward into Q2.
William Meaney: No, it's a good question, Sheila. So first of all, we're a significant by minority shareholders at JV. So it set up as a JV rather than integrating MakeSpace. So for us, the perfect relationship. So besides being a large minority shareholder in the company, we're also the exclusive provider of the back and services. In the back and services means that our trucks and drivers picking up the material or delivering the material in our facilities soaring. So we're the exclusive service provider to that joint venture, which effectively gets us in the consumer space with a B2B relationships. So we're still a business-to-business with MakeSpace, and we get the benefit of their understanding of the consumer space. And they've proven themselves, not only to have a very effective brand and marketing approach, but very efficient acquisition cost of customers. So we're pretty excited about the relationship. From their spit standpoint, is that we bring the logistics and handling expertise that quite frankly both them and other consumer self-storage companies have struggled with and this particular area. So we're able to leverage what really as our core strength. And also use our real estate footprint. So they're pretty excited because we're able to help them expand much quicker across the United States because we're already in the United States. So we think it's actually very synergistic relationship that we've been able to carve out with them.
William Meaney: So Nathan, select me start with the last question and then Stuart was talking about how we think about joint ventures generally and specifically why we called it up that we're considering up for Frankfort. So you're right. I mean we remain bullish on the European data center markets. So we're really pleased in terms we've been able to establish a strong footprint, both in London in the floor space with the acquisition and out with the EvoSwitch in Amsterdam. So we're really happy with that. And now with the land in Frankfurt. So as you know, Franklin, London, Amsterdam and Paris are considered top markets in Europe and the growth there continues to see - we see robust growth across both the wholesale market as well as the retail market. So we're - so far we're really pleased in terms of what's happening here. But I think they probably came into their own a little bit behind where the U.S. outsourcing. But they're definitely picking up pace at a really good rate.
William Meaney: It's most likely a long-term pension-type money that's looking for these type of investments, it could be some of these are going to be in this for long time as we build it out.
William Meaney: We'll give you more guidance as we get into for sure in for our 2020. This year, what we've - our expectations and your expectation should be that any revenue will we get will be a watch with the cost standing this out. I think I might've mentioned in the last call is that we've done over a dozen proof of concepts across the range of industries, and we're really excited about the results that we're getting from that. So what we see this as a natural add-on to our digital standing business. So globally, we do about $200 million worth of just, what I would call, digital scanning or taking physical documents and turning it into digital formats. And that grows at high single, low double-digit organic growth. We see this as opportunity to actually accelerate that growth because people are looking to get more benefit when they actually digitize historically physical documents. So it's early days, but we really think the way we think about this is accelerating that high single-digit, low double-digit growth that we have in our digitalization business as we're - and this is the tool give more encourage them to do that.
William Meaney: Yes, I think, George, what I would say is and it depends on which - whether you're looking quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year and if you're looking at just North America or North America and Europe. So some of the movements that you're highlighting vice important our whatever call within the range of what we expect. So we don't see any major change obviously, the result that we're reporting this quarter are better than they were reporting in the last 2 quarters. But we don't see it as a major change. So if you kind of look at overall actually, we said that destructions would be at 4.5% to 5% range. And actually in total is - yes, I'm looking at total volume now is we're at 4.5%. Any given market can kind of trench those movements. So I think you're kind of picking it at a specific market. You see overall actually destructions have gone down this quarter. If you look at the total business. But we still think whilst this nice to see 4.5% versus 5%, we still think, we're operating within that range. So I think we should see it's not going to be any big inflection point either up or down in the business. I think this is pretty much steady as she goes and where we will see it change is as we continue to make Emerging Markets a bigger part of the mix then of course globally, that will have an improvement. So the thing if you think, what do we really see has the being that will make a long-term impact? It is now that you've started to reporting the volumes of these other areas that we've been including, if you will, on our occupancy that we've never shown you how much volume it actually drives. So if you look at specifically the non-records business over the last two years, over the last two years on a non-records business so that would be the art entertainment services and now consumer. Well, in consumer we've been doing on her own for a number of years now or a number of quarters. As you'll see that those then amongst themselves generated about 5 million cubic - increased cubic over the last two years, which is about 20% of the growth of cubic feet that we've seen as a company. So small in terms of, if you look at how much it is in terms of total, but in terms of the growth, if you're looking for inflection points, those are the things that you will see changing over time. But overall, in terms of the record business, you could see it as steady as you go with a little bit of improvement consolidated has emerging markets continues to become a bigger part of the mix.
William Meaney: And if you think about it, Andrew, is that we actually have built our confidence. Our confidence is even stronger about revenue than it was a month or 3 months ago just because we were quarter into the year. And we can see the pipeline going forward, so we feel pretty good about where we are in the revenue front.
William Meaney: Yes. We've got a package of that $25 million of real estate in North America, I would call it, sort of more secondary markets, Midwest markets in the market right now and seem good demands on that. And so we've got additional package up and ready to go have the first one goes. So then the bigger question around that will be recycling more real estate as the question around doesn't make sense for us to investment partnership for the Frankfurt line of purchase. Now leasing gone into some questions around time and with that. But we feel there's a lot of demand out there for JV with us, just going to make the terms make sense.
William Meaney: Yes, correct, correct. If we found somebody, we [indiscernible] land in it and can get capital back from that partner right away.
William Meaney: Yes, it's similar - the different issue the labor there was impacted greatly we had some good project revenue in Q1. Do you have a good pipeline and the project revenue in Q1 was down and we did manage some of contingent labor as well we should have on the server-side around projects. We lost some productivity and that as well. Again, correctable add regrettable as well, but you were taking actions on it.
William Meaney: Yes, I think the paper prices are volatile. If you take a step back in the overall shred business, revenue was around $440 million, 4450 million a year. And about a third of that revenue comes from the sale of paper for recycling. And so that what's give you a majority of that close through. It doesn't flow through at 100%, but it flows through at probably 90% in the EBITDA. So that sort of where you get the volatility. If you take those numbers the paper prices can be really worried to last year. Again, it peaked in the second quarter last year. So Q1 we are actually stable Q1 was actually a tailwind for us this year. You too will be a headwind for us. So that gives you an idea what the magnitude of the scope of the businesses.
William Meaney: Yes, no, if you kind of take, Karin, one more piece of color on that. If you take the two piece so we talked about $10 million that was unexpecting, these thing happens from time to time in the business. $10 million on a $1.5 billion or approaching $1.5 billion EBITDA business, this is not these things generally we catch them early in the quarter, we can manage them and these things happen from time to time. This one was just then you start getting into March, there's not a lot of time to recover. So that kind of one thing. The other product in terms of the increased SG&A, as Stuart said before, was actually planned is. Because if you want to get continuous improvement to pay for itself in year, we have to execute in the first quarter. So when the ramp up programs like this you generally see a frontload of the cost in Q1 into a certain degree of Q2. So that benefits. Now the good result is that we set this group up. And because they've actually week in our expectation when the set them up okay, let's go even harder going into Q2 on some of the programs that they keyed up in Q1, which means that at the end, you're not able to make the $10 million, which is as you say, is not the hardest thing and given the size of the business in 9 months to run. But it means stronger EBITDA margin exit rate when we go into 2020.
William Meaney: It's actually not that - while I appreciate - I'm going to tell my board you have a very complex job I make sure I use that. Right now, it's not a complex as you see. The thing that is - first of all, the labor issue in shred, it is - it takes management. But the bottom line is if you are replacing over time with full time you have to manage the overtime people don't know where it's really been over time we didn't do that properly. There was a learning lesson for us because we don't do that that often. We actually run our place pretty efficiently, but many times overhead - overtime so edifies that we have to do this large hiring and then manage that out. So that we're able to reverse that very, very quickly. So now that we've been able to identify and put people on it. I think in terms of the SG&A, first of all, and that area is, as Stuart said, we actually brought consultants in to help build out the upstream, the global upstream and into initiate a number of those projects. So those are - that was planned cost to come in and come out. So that's actually already done and pretty straightforward. And then, the other area and some of the areas in terms of the get to what our global ops team have identified in Q1 and start initiating some of it was just global best practices on transportation. So we actually in any given day around the world the good thing about having transportation being a heavily demanded area is we have open racks or open positions in our pretty much globally and our transportation. And we're able to manage that cost out pretty quickly by just not feeling or canceling some of those openings as we bring productivity into our fleet. So that's one area. And the other area, which I don't think we did mention in our remarks, a big chunk of our improvement issue believe it or not coming is from procurement. We've done a pretty good job in speeding agility a few years ago and procurement. That was primarily focused in North America. And now we've actually given, with JB coming in as the Chief Operating Officer, we've expanded his - including procurement, and procurement now's a global exercise. So fairly straight, we're still, I would say, at the low hanging fruit stage. I'm sure it will get complex. I'll make sure I'll tell my Board that in the years to come. But right now, it's fairly straightforward.
William Meaney: I think, overall, again, we - from a GAAP standpoint, right, we adjusted through the acquisition on IO and EvoSwitch, basically two market on GAAP basis. And we did both of those acquisitions, we found them pretty close to the markets. So we don't expect a big mark-to-market on the turnover.
Stuart Brown: Yes, on the Frankfurt joint venture that we're evaluating, yes, it's lots of capital out there looking to be put to work in the data center business and the type of structure would be looking at would be something fairly typical for other REIT. Why Frankfurt? Is really because if you look at some of the development we've got in the other markets in Amsterdam and Arizona, there's frankly, would be probably too many conflicts with our existing. So Frankfurt is easy to carve out into its own joint venture, wouldn't be any conflicts with the existing Iron Mountain properties. And we're in the early phases of that. And we will evaluate demands are. So we're looking for long-term partner who can invest with us in Frankfurt and then we wanted to consider other markets outside of that will be open to that as well.
Stuart Brown: George, you're talking about sort of as we're sort of looking start off margin progression for the year where we expect margins to go. If you look at - for the - through first quarter, we talked about we had some unusual expenses, right? And so the guidance comments that I gave implies about 650 basis point margin improvement in Q1 to Q4, right? So I'll give you a pretty good exit rate from '19. And then if you think about in dollar terms, right? We're a little over $1 billion quarter of revenue. So that implies EBITDA dollars going up from Q1 to Q4 about $70 million. And if you think about one of the big buckets that drive that, but you normally get both revenue management as well as cost improvement initiatives as we move for the year. That will continue to be with the biggest buckets for that. You've always get the correct affections that they're taking to talk about year in this call. You will get lower SG&A as we talked about and you get the benefit from the global team which really switches before from cost of benefits from Q1 to Q4. And that's around procurements service labor and some of the other areas. So that will benefit both North America as well as the international businesses. So I think the sets us up pretty well going into 2020 for the [indiscernible] we've provided longer term.
Stuart Brown: Andrew, this is Stuart. I mean if you - the storage is obviously from a gross profit and cash flow is the biggest driver and that's right on track. As you talk about the service revenue in Q1 and Q2, the growth will be a little bit slower than we had in the year-ago, particularly in Q2 actually going foreshadow that as recycled paper prices come down. But some of the other service areas in terms of project revenue pipeline including some of the information governance and some of the other areas will drive the service growth in the second half. So we remain quite confident in the service - implied service growth and what that means for the total.
Stuart Brown: Yes, I mean it's our guidance range and when built them this year, we sort of changed our process on that a little bit, so we have wider EBITDA guidance this year than we used - sort of had historically over the past few years. It basically goes ahead in our dollar guidance before our guidance was around through constant currency. So I think if you look at the EBITDA impact in the first quarter of currency was actually the broad EBITDA year-over-year down a bit $10 million, that was built into our guidance. And I think where FX is today, you basically right towards the middle of guidance and the upper and lower end of the range taking into account any potential movement.
Stuart Brown: Yes. Let me go overall just to be - just quickly. As from an debt investor stand point, we get so much credit for the durable cash flow that comes out of the business. So as Bill mentioned, it's right, we price that close to investment grade, even though the rating agency have historically not treatise the same way. We talked about in the last earnings call. We'll actually deliver over time as EBITDA growth, right? Because if you look at for the investments are that need and incremental capital. It is around building out the data center platform. So we've had a great platform, but as we've done the acquisitions, it didn't have a lot of capacity to least out. So we have to build out and developed. So that's really what's driving the $250 million of the capital needs. And investors understand, I think the rating agency understand that as well. So quite confident as it grows and leases up, the value of the data center platform will only continue to increase. One other thing I'll add to Bill, is that when we're looking at, hey, what's the way to source that? We look at debt. We have an ATM in place again today, if you look at where the ATM is and you look at where the cap rates are an industry really states. We've chosen right now to recycle capital and some of the industry real estate some of the higher invested and if you look at our credit, people who want to do sale lease back transactions love our credit and the rates that you will see on these are really good. So we are going there.
Stuart Brown: No, I'll give you a little bit more detail here than we normally would. With all great intentions, right would chew seen in the liver markets of North America is more demand, particularly around warehouse workers and drivers. And we took some steps last year wage rates. And with the raise in the wage rates, we were - we had a lot of overtime. So we'll take these rates up that will get offset by lower time and which is sort of a natural thing to assume. When you hire people you also have period of trainings, so your productivity is going to suffer for a little while as you're stacking up. I think what happened is we weren't managing that change very well and actually overstaffed because good news is attrition been done were able to retain people, but we did manage the productivity after the training period. And therefore, ends up with too much overtime. The month of January is a strong month for sort of - for the bin tips, it's really around sort of drivers people in the field. And so the issue really manifest itself in March when those productivity improvements, that should have been there, didn't show up. So overall, when you look overall in Iron Mountain, our labor rate as a percentage of revenue actually declined. It didn't decline as much as we expected to, and this was sort of a major cause of the issue of the shortfall in trade. Paper prices were actually down on the shred business were down a little bit below we expected it to be as well. You get paper prices in the quarter really move down and March was little bit lower. So that was a piece of the overall shred business but majority was sort of labor productivity. The good news is that the course correction as pretty quickly.
Stuart Brown: In that number also includes things like service acquisitions, which could be in shred or other businesses. If you look at sort of historically and how we sort of look the normal pace of the businesses we typically pick up on an annualized basis about 3 million to 4 million cubic week per year through customer acquisitions, through acquisitions and customer contracts. And we've always included that organically because really the alternative is to go out and pay commissions to somebody else, which really, if it wasn't the commission lines, it sort of wouldn't be a question about it. We're not buying assets, we're not buying businesses. It's really acquiring customer contacts. And so that is sort of the other side of the coin.
Stuart Brown: No, the other piece of the story sides have the change in the lease accounting year-over-year. So that impact to that as well. Nothing to call out. There's no sort of global labor pressures that we sort of see standing out that we expect.
Stuart Brown: Okay. One of the things I forgot to mention on the other storage as well, you do have the impact year-over-year on the EvoSwitch acquisition, which has got from a higher facilities cost, obviously, and sort of the core part of the business as a percentage of revenue. So that is one of the drivers just the gross margin storage.
Stuart Brown: Yes, I think the good about, Karin, is we're relatively new in the data center space. So it was a lot of - I think the question behind your question, there was a lot of price compression I think over the last 3 or 4 years. Our contract is still relatively new other than the mark-to-market during the acquisition. And when we look at our exposure in the hyperscale is still relatively small. We think that's an important segment and we continue to grow and look for ways to expand in that business. But our models are based where the prices have adjusted to now rather than us trying to hang on to business that was priced at higher historical pressures. We think pressing now it's pretty much leveling out to where the clearing price is based on the expected returns that underlie our sales should expect.
Stuart Brown: Kevin, this is Stuart. From a growth perspective year-over-year, I mean you get a little bit of lumpiness. But again, on the 700 million cubic week of volume, right, that we're storing for the customers that think paying every month. On the margin in the numbers you talked about on seasonal stand point of view are really small. So as I think Bill mentioned little bit better than we expected, both from destruction as well as in new sales from existing - new customers. And we've got to feel good about the problem that we have for the year. And so we're pretty much right along with her outlook.
