William Meaney: Thanks, George, and good morning. Let me handle the first part, and then I'll let Barry talk a little bit more about the pricing trends that we're seeing. So first, we're really pleased with the growth, in the organic growth that you highlighted in our ALM business this quarter. And you think about that, about two-thirds of that is driven by just pure volume. And the other third is the price improvement that we've seen from the record lows that were 12 months, 18 months ago. So we're really pleased with the progress. But I'd say most of the growth is from volume.
William Meaney: Good morning. I'll start with your second question and then Barry will follow up on the CapEx relative to our Investor Day. So I think what you see for us, hyperscalers are always kind of not just the largest cloud providers, but the largest SaaS providers as well. So people who need very, very large deployments in terms of megawatts of data center capacity. And usually, these are global firms. So I'm not saying that we won't see some of those firms -- some of the more newer firms that you are highlighting come into that fold, but I’d say, that the barriers to entry for these really very large hyperscalers just given the cost of leasing and building data centers. It is a fairly consolidated in tight group. I'm not saying that there couldn't be people that break into it, but I think for the moment, it's a pretty stable group, slightly increasing as some of the SaaS players get bigger in their own right.
William Meaney: Thanks, Eric. Let me start and then Barry may want to chime in as well. So first, we feel really good about, as you are highlighting, the growth and momentum that we are building in the data center business. And just in the colo, but more and more in the hyperscale and the majority is coming from hyperscale. But as Barry said, it is -- well over 90% like around 96% is all pre-leased and it is a fully funded plan as we highlighted in Investor Day. So we don't see any -- we feel really good in terms of the way that we are able to fund the growth. And so we are happy in terms of the trajectory that we have without going out and raising equity. I think we have a plan that works.
William Meaney: Good morning. Shlomo. So I will take the question on the ALM and then Barry can talk to you a little bit about the takes in terms of storage costs. So on the ALM side, is the hyperscale is the reticence that you might have seen last year that I think we commented from the hyperscalers was less to do with the pricing on the components. It was more the availability of new kit that they had to actually refresh their data centers. And I think you've seen all the reporting from some of the largest hyperscalers in the last couple of weeks that you are all ramping up their refresh of their data centers to bring in the most capable GPUs, so that they are AI ready, and they can build up some of their AI Services. So we do see an uptick, to your point in the volume that we're getting from the hyperscalers, but it's driven more because they are refreshing their data centers to be more AI enabled and they're able to get the latest GPUs from the supplier, so they are able to accelerate some of that. So we do see a building volume from the hyperscalers right now in terms of decommissioning, which leads to more ALM volume in our business.
William Meaney: Yes. And the only thing I would add is that it isn't so much inflation-based anymore. It's really about the value that we are adding to our customers. So if you look at our traditional records management business, is we've over the last few years have added a portfolio of services such as Smart Sort, Smart Reveal, and I highlighted on the call some of the governance and compliance consulting and systems that we are able to install around their hard records management. And so we are really driving more value for our customers and the customers see value in that. So I think you can continue to expect that our pricing will remain some 300 basis points to 400 basis points ahead of what you would think is normal inflation, but it is really driven by the value that our customers see from our services.
Barry Hytinen: And, George, from a standpoint of what we're seeing in our view for pricing going forward is, as you'd know pricing continues to be expected to trend higher. We've been somewhat conservative with respect to our outlook for pricing because we've seen some variation between the spreads between new gear and secondary gear, particularly so on memory. It's widened some, but frankly, it's narrowed those spreads on other gear like drives. So, you know, look it's a very positive outlook for our ALM business because the team continues to win a lot of business. The cross-selling activity we have is immense. And we are expecting, if you work through the guidance we just gave for the third quarter and implied for the fourth, you should be expecting our ALM business to be comping organically in the 40s in the back half, if not higher. So we're feeling really good and I guess I should just call out, since you asked about ALM, our Regency business is doing phenomenal. The team there continues to execute very, very well. We are seeing very strong productivity as a result of leveraging Regency’s capabilities and their utilization is going up, thanks to historic Iron Mountain business that's being processed by regency. So thank you, George.
Barry Hytinen: Yes. Kevin. Good morning. We continue to feel very good, as we just noted about our guidance, and as you know, we beat in the first quarter, and we beat again here in the second quarter, actually a wider beat than the first. And our thought process is that things continue to trend very much in the right direction. That's why we pointed to the higher end of our guidance range for the year. I will note FX continues to be a headwind, so you will see the stronger dollar be an impact to our reported results in the third quarter probably of the order of the same magnitude as the second quarter, if not a little bit more. But what you are seeing is, improving trends as compared to our initial outlook this year across the business. Global RIM continues to perform really well in the organic storage rental revenue growth accelerated in the quarter, as we expected it to and as we forecasted last quarter, and we continue to expect that to be in the 7% to 8% range in the back half. And then in terms of data center, as we talked about before, that's a business that has a tremendous amount of visibility in the near-term. And as we talked about the outlook for the long term, there is very robust in light of the leasing activity we've had. And I just mentioned ALM with George. So I appreciate the question.
Barry Hytinen: Hi, Nate, it's Barry. Consistent with our outlook for the last many quarters, we continue to expect our physical volume to be flattish to slightly up. And it continued that trend obviously, in the second quarter, and we have a favorable outlook for it again to be in that vicinity in the third and in the fourth quarter. So we expect our volumes to be continuing to rise. I'll just note we have never stored more physical volumes than we are storing today. And so that is, I think, a testament to the team's diligence, as it relates to serving our customers. And frankly, the value we are driving for customers, as they continue to trust us with their important assets. In terms of organic growth in RIM on the storage side, you’ve got it right. So the volume would be a relatively small component of the growth and then the rest would be driven principally by revenue management. And I’ll note that our services business in Global RIM continues to be benefited both on the traditional side, but also and going forward likely to be ramping some on the digital side, because the team in our Digital Solutions Group just delivered the best bookings quarter we’ve ever had in digital. So that is a really nice performance by our commercial and digital teams. Thanks, Nate.
Barry Hytinen: Alex, it is Barry. I’d say, a couple of thoughts about your question on the CapEx use. We are continuing to see our data center business and actually the whole business run ahead of the expectations we shared at that Investor Day. As we talked about last quarter, for the first couple of years, we were well ahead. And if you look at what we are doing here this year, we are actually accelerating that level of beat. So we are generating more revenue, more EBITDA and more cash generation. And certainly, we continue to lease more and faster than we were indicating at the time of the Investor Day. So over time, I think it’s possible that we may see a continued ramp in capital for data center. But I'll just note, we are constructing to leases with some of the best quality tenants you could imagine in the hyperscalers. And I mean a couple of statistics, we are 96% leased in our operating portfolio and in our under development construction portfolio which is about 10% bigger than what we are operating, maybe even 15% bigger than we're operating, we're 96% leased on that as well on a pre-lease basis. So I will just underscore that when we are putting capital to work to build out our data center platform, it is because we have already signed contracts with clients, and we’re very pleased with the level of returns that we have been generating on those deals.
Barry Hytinen: Eric, I’d just add that if you look going forward, likely rates are probably coming down over time. So that makes it that much easier for us. And the business is so cash generative from the core. And as you see, the [covering] (ph) business continues to deliver outstanding results. So I think from a standpoint of your point about the equity has risen a bit, that is true. But I think that's more a function of where it was. And if you look at us on a multiple versus the growth we're putting up I think that bolsters the point Bill was just making as it relates to equity. Thank you.
Barry Hytinen: Shlomo, it is Barry. A couple of thoughts about the storage rental gross margin. First of all, we were really pleased with that at 70% and that being because really, if you look at our global RIM business, it was up very nicely year-on-year. Of course part of that revenue management, part of that is the continued productivity that our operations teams are driving. And so the reason it was slightly down year-on-year is related to, as I talked about hour, as well as data center. As we've talked about sometimes before, data center is a lower gross margin, but it is, of course accretive to our EBITDA margin. And so as data center continues to ramp at a very fast rate, it has a little bit of a level of mix. But obviously, it is very incremental. And on a sequential basis, you would expect on that all other storage costs, there to be some power inflation as commencements begin to ramp and folks start to drop out, if you know that -- that's a direct pass-through. So it can actually also affect rate. So to have the storage gross margin up sequentially in light of that headwind is we thought very favorable about that. On the storage rent expense it was down some sequentially, and that's thanks to our team's continued productivity around warehouse efficiencies. We have -- as you would have seen over the last few quarters, reduced some of our warehouses and thereby gotten to a better expense position. And the only other thing I'll mention is taking it up a level. Our gross margin in the quarter for the whole company was almost just under 56%. Now that's slightly down from last year. But two things to think about. One, we are absorbing the mix issues, including the power that I mentioned in that number. And two, we've added Regency Technologies, which is, again, a mixed headwind on gross margin, but by the way Regency performed extraordinarily well on EBITDA in the quarter. And so we feel really good about where the gross margin is trending and it’s been ahead of our expectations.
Barry Hytinen: Brendan, we were very pleased with the 7.7%. And I think at that level, you can see the amount of EBITDA the business generates since it is a highly productive portion of our company. And as it relates to trending, we have indicated we feel like mid-to-upper single is the right kind of level over the longer term. And so I’d say, it trending in this vicinity is -- would be very positive to the business model going forward.
Barry Hytinen: Brendan, the only other thing I'll add is that at the start of the year, we had suggested Global RIM might be in the vicinity of 6%, total growth for the year. And so year-to-date, we are running 7.5% on that business. So we continue to see outperformance in Global RIM. Some of that is driven off of revenue management, also incremental service uptake of the sort that Bill just mentioned.
Barry Hytinen: Jon, this is Barry. As it relates to Regency and the opportunity to continue to utilize and optimize further, it’s definitely there. There is a lot of opportunity. We have considerable capacity to expand the business, both in terms of what is already in place, as well as the opportunity to expand the footprint at relatively low CapEx, I might add. So it's a very positive situation to be having Regency get further utilized which I expected to over time. And I’ll say, we have a very highly capable team at Regency that there is no doubt, can manage a much larger business and drive a tremendous amount of value for our shareholders.
Barry Hytinen: Shlomo, you should expect the depreciation, of course to continue to ramp with all of the CapEx we've been doing on data center as well as some of our incremental new warehouses that we put in as well as some of the digital innovation that we’ve been driving internally for some time now. So that is the primary driver, and it is in those that order.
