William Meaney: Thanks for the question. So I think I'll talk about, first of all, where the revenue growth comes. And then I'll let Barry comment a little bit on the EBITDA margin, the impact that has. So I think we continue to see 2022 to have the same kind of momentum that we had in 2021. And the momentum that you saw in 2021 was driven by 2 things. First of all, a very solid foundation from our GRO business across the globe. So that continues to drive low single-digit growth and highly profitable. And then a continued acceleration in terms of our new areas, which are everything that includes data center, the digitization platform, which uses the artificial intelligence, machine learning InSight platform as well as the acceleration in asset life cycle management. So we still see that to be strong double-digit growth in those new service areas. So some of those have a different margin associated with it, but that's where we see the fuel of the revenue growth. And maybe, Barry, you want to comment in terms of what that does in terms of EBITDA progression.
William Meaney: Yes. The only thing I would add, Shlomo, because you know the business really well is the other thing -- the uptick that you see in the services, we're doing, quite frankly, more value-added. I mean, more and more of our digitization services have an ML or machine learning component of it. I mentioned auto classification and some of the work that we're doing. It's not just simple scanning. So there's an analytical piece to that as well, which obviously has a higher margin. And we see almost -- I wouldn't say all, but now it's almost all the new projects we're selling have some component of that, which just naturally attract higher margin. And as Barry said, you've heard us talk about inflation for a long time is that, well, inflation is not good for people on the street, and so I'm not trying to be blase about it for our business because it's such a high-margin business that the pricing action generally is expansion. It has an expansive effect on our margins because our margins were relatively high-margin business. So it's -- yes, we feel good about the progression that we're getting.
William Meaney: So thanks, George, for the question. So as you noticed, we've been getting kind of strong double-digit, roughly, say, 20%. We had a couple of quarters where it was up 30%, kind of in that high teens, kind of low 20s in terms of growth rate going forward, and we continue to see that kind of evolution. We're really impressed by how quickly the book is building, quite frankly, because the ITRenew business had very strong exposure to the hyperscale community, which has direct or synergistic effects with our data center team. So we're finding we're already getting additional traction even beyond what ITRenew is bringing by the discussions that we're having between our data team -- data center team and the ITRenew team that came across talking to the hyperscalers. But then on the other side, to your point, we're -- if you think about our traditional customers, whether it's financial services, insurance or general industry, is those folks that the way they dispose of their IT assets, both from a security standpoint as well as making sure that they disposed in a way that's environmentally sensitive, is becoming more and more important. So we continue to see now with an expanded platform to have similar growth -- organic growth rates that we did this past year, which I said we're, let's say, upper teens to touching into the 20% category. And we'll update you as we go through the progress, but we're really happy in terms of already the synergies that we're getting from that, putting the 2 teams together.
William Meaney: So let me -- I'll start with the leasing activity, and then Barry can comment further. But I think the -- you're right, I mean, that with the hyperscale folks, you do have more visibility. I mean, I think you can expect that the retail side or the colo side would be -- continue to be kind of in the teens of megawatts a year. So we like that business. We continue to see the same kind of deal flow or pipeline coming in on that side. And then the thing we're also very excited about is that a few years ago, we were relatively a new entrant in the hyperscale. And clearly, if you look at the results this past year, almost hitting 50 megawatts, and this year, we're guiding to another 50 megawatts. We're making really, really good progress. So we're starting to look more like, what I would say, a typical industry player in the data center space where you're getting like kind of 60% to 70% of the volume, maybe even a little bit more from hyperscale and the rest from colocation and retail.
William Meaney: Thank you, Sheila, for the question. And actually, I just got back from a trip to D.C. a couple of weeks ago. So the -- I would say it's kind of yes and no. Yes, in terms of the brand, right, because we have been a very trusted partner operating government-approved facilities for their physical storage for many years, as you know. And I think that brand recognition with the U.S. federal government has been extremely strong. That being said, the recent contracts I've been highlighting have been us actually providing digital service, auto classification analytics around some of these documents, also taking documents that are already in digital form that we're not actually storing on behalf of the federal government. So more and more going forward is that we're providing purely digital services. But I wouldn't underestimate the halo effect of the understanding of the brand and the trust and the security associated with working with Iron Mountain.
William Meaney: So first of all, I guess -- I thought you were asleep this morning, so I notice someone had taken your voice. No. So first of all, we're really pleased with the progression in terms of our records management business because if you notice that actually, sequentially, it's actually getting stronger, not weaker. And as I said, the slight negative drag on the records management business is really a second derivative effect. And as that kind of wears through, you start seeing a stabilization. And indeed, we're actually seeing an improvement in the trends in the records management. And in terms of total volume, physical storage volume, is our other areas of storage and adjacent business areas and consumer more than offset those flattening trends. I would say -- the only other thing I would say is that, yes, you're right, and you've been watching this business for a long time. You always see a little bit of an uptick in destructions in the fourth quarter because, generally, it's kind of like people do their spring housecleaning in our business as they kind of do their fall housekeeping. So we do see some -- just generally. But that's like every year. I didn't -- we didn't see more of that or less of that this year. And Barry, you might want to talk more specifically about the trend.
Barry Hytinen: Thanks for the question. So we feel great about where we're positioned as it relates to profits and revenue and really see the business building quite well. The things I would call out to add to Bill's comments are you're right, there's a fair bit of services. On a total EBITDA margin, you will see the margin mix down, but that's the contribution of ITRenew. I'd say for planning purposes, if I were you, what we're using in our model is that business, as you would have seen from prior disclosures, is kind of a mid- to high-teens EBITDA margin. But when you get underneath that and back that out, you'd see that our core Iron Mountain margins are actually continuing to improve, and that's driven by the fact that we have very strong pricing contribution this year. From a planning posture, we kind of assumed 2 to 3 points. But as you probably saw in the most recent results, we're seeing the upper ends of that and probably more going forward, so feel very good about our revenue management program. Our data center business is doing phenomenally well, as you've seen, and that is a margin benefit as we move forward. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect our data center profitability to be up modestly year-to-year as a lot of revenue growth coming out of our storage side of the data center business. Of course, our Summit contributions continue to roll in. We'll have $50 million or more from Summit, thanks to the team's very strong contributions. You would have noticed from seeing our most recent results that our services gross margins and EBITDA margins are at very high levels. You can think like up 500, 600 basis points year-on-year in the fourth quarter. I expect that we will continue to see very strong service margin out of the core going forward. So we feel very well positioned, Sheila, and I appreciate the question.
Barry Hytinen: Okay. Thanks, Shlomo. I appreciate that. So first thing I'll tell you is on -- since you mentioned Frankfurt is it's not coming from that because those are really almost -- think of those as sort of pass-through revenues on the services business. In fact, that's a hit to our margins. And that's one of the reasons why our data center margin has been a little bit more muted. But as we move through finishing up those services in early '22, that's one of the reasons we expect the margin to be up year-on-year as you'll see a lot more contribution from our storage and, therefore, likely less service revenue coming out of data center. That said, where it's coming from is the core. And as we've said for quite a few quarters now, Project Summit and just general productivity coming out of our operations has been very beneficial. You saw our gross margin to be up, I think it's 550 basis points year-on-year. It was up 400 basis points sequentially. And that's just very strong operating leverage. I would say there's some incremental mix there. Bill spoke a lot about our digital solutions and our asset life cycle management. That is also contributing very nicely. There's some revenue management on our services line as well. So in terms of -- you mentioned about inflation. As I said, at this time last year, I will reiterate, we've been what I think is prudent with our outlook. We have embedded in our guidance a healthy amount of inflation more than we're currently seeing similar posture to what we took last year. And while there is certainly a level of inflation, as we all know, out in the economy, I would look at our more fixed structure and say that together with our revenue management program, we have the benefit of working to drive productivity and seeing a considerable amount of our pricing fall to the bottom line. So we feel very good about where we are positioned currently, Shlomo, with respect to services and the guide in total.
Barry Hytinen: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Appreciate the question. So first up on CapEx. Our total CapEx guide is $850 million. Growth capital is $700 million of that. And you are right, as you point out that the data center is getting basically all of that increase. So we are planning our data center development CapEx at $550 million. That's up from about $300 million in 2021. The thing about that is, of course, as you've seen from the strong leasing we've had and the very strong pipeline we have continuing to build that -- and it's a necessity in the sense because we are -- the team is continuing to win great deals around the world. So we're very pleased with the way the data center team is planning. From a free cash flow standpoint, while the CapEx will be up, I'll note that all of our Summit costs are behind us now, Kevin. So there's -- if you think about last year, we had over $200 million of costs to achieve Summit, which go away this year. Have a little bit more cash taxes, of course, with the ITRenew services business and having some more services revenue in our business. And -- but as you look at it, as you get through your model, I think you'll find that there's considerable growth in free cash flow before growth in the model. So I appreciate the question. We look forward to showing you the strength in the cash flow as we move forward.
Barry Hytinen: The only thing I would add is that while we see some level -- as you've heard from other industry participants, some level of inflation in cost, we also see very good pricing. And so we expect mark-to-market to be flat to up, if not better than that. We are seeing good pricing in terms of new deals. And we feel very well positioned. And I'm pleased to be able to say we expect the margin to be rising year-on-year. So thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. I'll disaggregate it for you. So you would be working with $450 million for ITRenew. The net of all of our other M&A activity in 2021 is about $25 million of benefit year-on-year. So not a lot. And you might be -- might have been thinking that, that would be higher, and I'll just remind folks that we did sell our software escrow business back in June. So that's a headwind to revenue, and then we bought a small data center in Frankfurt and we also did the small acquisition in the -- relatively small acquisition in the Mid East. So the net of all that is about $25 million year-on-year. And it's kind of first quarter, it's about $5 million, and it's about $5 million in the second quarter and with the balance kind of in the third. From an EBITDA standpoint, because as we talked about before that, that software escrow business was a high profit margin business, you're only looking for about $5 million of EBITDA from all of that incremental revenue. And then the FX is about $60 million of a headwind, that's as of yesterday. So -- and that's about $25 million or so of EBITDA headwind. So if you work through that, that would get you to your organic. It's very strong, by the way. And it's benefited by the fact that we have very strong visibility on pricing.  And the services side that Bill mentioned, we're growing strength to strength with our digital solutions probably being up at least 20% on top of 20% and the data center business and the storage area there being up in the 20s. So we feel very well positioned. Thank you, Andrew.
Barry Hytinen: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, Shlomo, and thanks again for the question, is I usually look at the records management retention rate on a year-over-year basis as opposed to sequentially because of the points that Bill was just making. And if you look at that versus the year-end 2020 number, it's actually up 40 basis points. So we feel very good about where the record retention rate finished the year. And the only other thing I guess I would add is if you look at the storage rental revenue growth on an organic basis, it was up 3.6% in the quarter. And that is -- 2/3 of that is coming out of our core and 1/3 of that is coming up from data center in terms of that improvement in terms of organic revenue growth. And when you look -- disaggregate the 2/3 coming out of our core, it's actually both pricing as well as improved volume trends because, as you know, the organic volume on a year -- full year basis was actually up. So we feel very good about where things are trending. We expect our volume to be consistent to up again in 2022. Thank you for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Okay. Thanks, Eric. A few points in there. Let me answer those. We aren't embedding any additional M&A in our guidance for this year. So we shouldn't be planning for that. As we said before, we're very committed to our leverage range, and we'll get back into that leverage range and the year within it. In terms of additional things to put in the model, I would say I would be planning for something like $150 million of capital recycling. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the cap rates there are phenomenal. We've seen cap rates even sub-4. So it's very, very good environment out there. And as a reminder, we're generally doing sale leaseback transactions that are very favorable, in our opinion, because we essentially have ownership-like interest in the building while monetizing it at these great cap rates. And that enables us to really just be very strategic about the capital allocation plan. In terms of your question about AFFO payout ratio, you're right, in our guidance, we'd be just above the mid-60s by the end of the year. And we've said repeatedly that our target is for that to be kind of the low to mid-60s over the long term. And at that point, we'd be looking at a dividend increase. So in fact, we'd be almost approaching sort of the REIT minimum under certain scenarios under that -- at that level. And therefore, you probably would be expecting dividends through in the future to be rising with the same rate as AFFO per share.
