William Meaney: Good morning, Sheila. Thank you for the question. So, I think the first is that we feel really good about the platform, not only the $120 billion total addressable market that we have, but the platform that we have in each of the poor - parts of the portfolio that attack that, if you will, or address that. So we don't see a need to do any, you know, large M&A type deals, like the ITRenew, because I think we now have market leading platforms pretty much in each of those - those areas that we're addressing. So we don't really see that. And we still think that we have a long ways to run in our share price.
William Meaney: No, thanks. Thanks, Shlomo. Good morning. So at least I know that you're on. No. And well, first of all, the - in terms of physical volume, we said it's flat to slightly up to the year. But that's looking at our - across our portfolio of everything that we put in our warehouses around the globe, right. So in terms of managing the organic utilization of our facilities based on organic visible volume growth, we still expect that to be flat to slightly up and you know, in this quarter it was up as you see. So looking within records management, we always kind of consider that to be more flat to slightly down. And if you look at the trend, even between Q4 and Q1, and as you watch the business for a long time, you know that both Q4 and Q1, usually have a little bit of noise. And then because people tend to do their destruction programs, either at the end of the year, and some of that goes into the beginning of the year. So you'll always see a little bit noise. But I think if you look at the last say, you know, four quarters, you'll see a very consistent trend on what's happening to our physical volume around the records management. So, we feel really good where it's at. You know, it's kind of staying in that kind of flat to slightly down records management. Our other areas, in terms of physical volume storage is growing quite nicely. So overall, you know, we'd still remain kind of flat to up for the year in physical volume. And then of course, pricing takes that up.
William Meaney: Hi, Nate [ph] So no, thanks for the question. Yeah, as you say, we were very pleased to sign this deal for our data center campus in Northern Virginia. There is a couple bits, we'll go into more detail on the second quarter call, because you can imagine that we just signed this agreement, as we come in. But as I said, it's - it's a near build to suit. I mean, we don't - we're not providing all the MEP. And we'll actually go into a little bit more details in terms of how the pieces come together. But besides the 72 megawatts, the other thing that we were very excited about, it allowed us to build further infrastructure on that side, bringing on a substation onto the campus, which is going to drive benefits, both in terms of upscaling the capacity, but also the cost to deliver on that on that campus. So there's a number of different pieces there that make this deal very attractive. But we'll give you more information on the second quarter call. But you're right to say that it's a very capital efficient structure. And with a great tenant on the backside for 15 years, so it allows us to finance it in a very efficient way.
Barry Hytinen: We appreciate the comments. And we feel really - we feel really good about how things have been trending. If you look at our Global RIM storage rental revenue growth of 4.6% organic, the vast majority of that is prices, as you can see our organic volume is right in line with what we've been expecting. And so you know, it's been very good performance on pricing. And importantly, we continue to see more opportunity for pricing and, and that's the - on that expectation, I would advise you to think about pricing continue to be at this level or better for the remainder of the year. The other thing that really helped the total company's storage growth is our data center. You would note that our data center storage revenue was up considerably in the quarter. And they are two in light of both the team's phenomenal performance in terms of historic leasing, as well as recent deals and commencement. We expect to see considerable growth on that data center storage line, the entire year, as we were talking about last quarter. So we feel very well positioned, Kevin and appreciate the question.
Barry Hytinen: Yeah, Kevin, I will tell you that - thanks for the question on the CapEx. I'll draw people's attention to the fact that we did increase the CapEx guidance by about $100 million versus our prior expectation. That reflects the fact that our data center development CapEx is up about $100 million. So I'm currently planning for $625 million or so of data center development CapEx for the full year. And that's reflecting the fact that the new leases that we've signed, together with continuing to be opportunistic about building the platform, you know, as you've seen, we've had phenomenal new leasing. And so it's sort of a great situation to be able to continue to invest in that business where we're seeing very nice returns. When you think about the model, I would say that you should be seeing a very considerable amount of free cash flow before discretionary in - when you work through our CAD, and we feel very good about how the - how the business is performing.
Barry Hytinen: Really, well. I mean, you know, we do have very strong pricing power. And, as we've always said that, you know, inflation, you know, whilst you know, we feel for folks, I mean, inflation is really hurting all of us in many different ways. For the business, it's actually a net positive because we're able to price ahead of inflation, and we have a high gross margin business, so it naturally expands the margins of the business.
Barry Hytinen: Thanks, Andrew. You are thinking about that correctly. A couple things to think about. As we move through the year, we have improved mix coming through the business. We do naturally have, as you traditionally have seen in our business, since you followed us for so long, a level of upfront, first kind of quarter costs which ease, we have a level of improved mix going forward. We get more price as we move through the year. We also see very good flow through coming on the data center business. As I mentioned earlier, last quarter, we expect the data center margin to be slightly up year-on-year, and we see good flow through coming through in the back half there as well. And then, generally speaking, we will continue to comp with positive benefit from Project Summit and other ongoing productivity initiatives. So, you know, I would say first off, I should remind folks that in the first quarter, we did better on a margin basis than we anticipated. That's because the core Iron Mountain business performed very well in terms of productivity and pricing. And we see that trajectory continuing through the year. So sitting here, after one quarter, I feel quite good about where we are in the margin trajectory, Andrew.
Barry Hytinen: Thanks for the question, Eric, and appreciate the continued interest. Of course, we have seen that line continuing to perform better over the last several quarters and kind of consistently, that's been trending better. And we do - I will say, you know, if you look at our service activities, since the early days of the pandemic, we obviously were down a lot in the early days and then moved appreciably better sequentially, quarter-by-quarter. We are far in advance of return to office and I would say we continue to outpace return to office. The way I think about it is, it likely has a continued tailwind going forward. I don't think any of us expect office to be at the same level of occupancy going forward, as it was pre-pandemic. But even still, as the levels continue to rise over the coming quarters, I think that becomes a little bit of a tailwind for our service. The other thing I'll just point out is the new service offerings that we've been delivering to our customers like in IT asset disposal and digital solutions. They have been doing phenomenally well, as Bill highlighted in his prepared remarks. And we see that trend continuing. And it's really strength to strength in that line, Eric. And those are very good profitability for us as well. So we feel quite well positioned on the service line. And then you will see additional service obviously coming through with our recent ITRenew acquisition, as that business continues to build.
Barry Hytinen: Yeah. Thanks, Shlomo. It's a good question. Appreciate that one. So the way to think about it is, we have both for service growth - storage rental gross margin, there's a factor of both sale leaseback, but you are specifically asking about other facility costs. And on that line, that's also where our power for data center pass through goes through, and so that was actually - naturally up both sequentially and year-on-year. Incidentally, just to give you a frame [ph] if you normalize for sale leaseback and excluded the power, we basically have storage rental gross margin up in both sequentially, as well as year-on-year by about 40, 50 basis points. So we feel quite good about the way the business is trending. And the other thing I'll say is, our guidance naturally assumes a healthy, as I mentioned last quarter, a healthy amount of inflation. And we continue to track at levels that are below what we were projecting earlier in the year. And of course, the pricing is doing better. So that's part of the reason why the profitability in the core business continues to outperform.
Barry Hytinen: Yeah, thanks. Thanks, George. It's Barry. It performed right in line with our expectations, maybe even a little touch better than the expectations we shared on the last call. Obviously, that's just for the first two months of the acquisition. And as we see it, and that's both on revenue and a EBITDA basis. As we see it playing out for the year, I continue to project in our guidance, the same level call it around $450 million in that same profitability level that I mentioned. And as we see the business being growing considerably over time, I will tell you that one of the nice things that we see in that business is the building level of backlog, as many of our upstream clients are building their backlog for decommissioning, as we move into the later part of the year, in light of the fact that there's been some level of supply chain disruption for a new gear, we do see their backlogs building. So that is, I think, a favorable view for us going forward.
Barry Hytinen: You know, Sheila, hi, it's Barry, you know, the good news about our model in light of the fact that as you saw in my guidance, we expect the leverage to be kind of inside our range and essentially flattish to maybe even slightly down by the end of the year from where we are now. We were in the fact that we have no near term maturities. I really don't need any long term at this point. As you know, we did the bond in December for the ITRenew transaction, so I'm pleased with the timing of that in light of where we were able to price it. I feel very good about where we are with respect to the capital markets for you know debt and don't have any need at this point or for the next few years, really
