Barry Hytinen: Okay, thanks Shlomo - this is Barry. Appreciate the question. We did put in place those revenue management actions we talked about on the last call, so those went into effect in September and you see that beginning in the quarter to take hold in the results. As you would have noted, the implied growth from revenue management, it accelerated in the quarter and that’s been ramping through the year, so think on our global RIM business, it was probably in the 6.5 range - that’s up from about 5 earlier in the year and making steady progress. I would expect in light of the macro environment and the reception that we’ve been seeing with respect to revenue management activities, that that would--we would continue naturally to be at this level as we move into 2023, so we are preparing similar revenue management actions going forward and the reception has been consistent with what we’ve seen over many years. I think it demonstrates the value that we’re driving for our customers. Thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Okay, thanks Kevin, good morning. Thanks for the questions. On ITRenew, we certainly, as we’ve said throughout the year, been experiencing challenges, like so many other companies that sell into China. With the COVID lockdowns that have persisted and then at one level or another throughout the second half and really throughout the year, that has been a challenge as it relates to our revenue, as Bill and I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we’ve assumed that ITRenew will be and total ALM business will be pretty consistent third quarter and fourth quarter at this level. In total, ITRenew was of the order of about $45 million of revenue in the third quarter, and that was, as I said in the prepared remarks, down about $5 million, $6 million from the projection we were using at that time. Thanks for the call-out as it relates to the total business continuing to perform well.  You mentioned the data center deal - just to be clear, that business is only 3 megawatts today, so that is not a driver of revenue performance in the fourth quarter at all, although we are really bullish on that opportunity because Madrid is a market that we’ve wanted to play in for some time and it’s a unique market, as I’m sure you know, from the standpoint of where it is with the energy grid. It’s not constrained like so many other markets in Europe, and we think it is, as a market, one that has considerable opportunity. Our pipeline there is quite good, so we’ll be developing that site and we feel really good about the asset. In terms of the fourth quarter and our ability to continue to deliver strong growth, that’s a testament to our teams’ strong performance across our operations, so in our global records business we’ll continue to see benefit from revenue management, as I mentioned. We’ve had very strong services performance, and we continue to see a ramping business in our data center. Thanks so much for the question, Kevin.
Barry Hytinen: Okay, thank you Eric for the questions. A couple of ones in there.  On Matterhorn, the costs that we spoke about, as you know, we’re moving to a new operating model that Bill just touched on briefly, that being with a global commercial organization, also a global operations function. In those cases, that is a pretty substantial change for us in terms of the way we go to market. On the commercial side, it’s really putting together an organization that is singularly focused on serving our customers on a solution basis and really developing a tremendous amount of excellence around all things commercial.  Then, we are also constructing a global operations function which is meant to serve our customers effectively and drive significant customer satisfaction and high quality service, while also creating and furthering the shared services backbone that we have to support the entire organization. As well, we are moving to a business unit function, that being, as we discussed at the investor day event, storage and asset life cycle management and data center, as you know, so those are pretty substantial changes. We think of it, as Bill mentioned, as a transformation, and with that, probably about one-third of those costs, Eric, will be maybe slightly less, will be specific to enablement to align and transform into that commercial operating function. Then the bulk of the cost will be around in fact transforming the broader operating model, which would include costs that you would expect with respect to that kind of transformation, including activities such as restructuring and furthering our transformation. Thanks for that question. I guess I’ll just note, as I said at the investor event, we would expect to be approaching the run rate of that level in the fourth quarter as we continue to move into the Matterhorn model, as Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks. In terms of the funding plan, I appreciate that question as well. Just as a highlight for those that weren’t able to join the investor meeting, we noted that we expect a five-year revenue CAGR of 10% and a five-year EBITDA CAGR of 10%, AFFO of 8%, and that equates to AFFO per share of, let’s say, 7%, as we said in our slides this morning. With that, it’s a fully funded capital plan through EBITDA expansion and leverage within our target range. You note that rates have moved up recently, and I’ll just note that with--we consider ourselves in a very good position. We have $1.5 billion of liquidity and we’re about 80% fixed, as you know, Eric, and so from time to time, we will continue to term out debt but in light of the very good position we’re in with respect to availability on our revolver and the lowest levels of leverage we’ve experienced since 2017, we can really pick our timing as it relates to that over time, so we will be funding through expansion of EBITDA and leverage within our target range.  I appreciate the questions, Eric. 
Barry Hytinen: Sure. Hi Andrew, good morning, and thanks for the questions. When we look at the fourth quarter revenue rate, that being of the order of high teens growth on a constant currency basis, and something of the order of 17%, 18%, so very strong continuation of trend. I’ll note that that’s basically the rate we’ve been running at through the year, so it’s a very good continuation of trend. From the standpoint of storage and services, as Bill mentioned in response to one of the earlier questions, our services business continues to go from strength to strength. That’s thanks to things like our digital solutions and our historic IT asset disposition business, which is growing in excess of 20% - I think 25% in the most recent quarter, very strong performance. We view many of our businesses as playing in markets that are quite large, growing secularly at double-digit rates, and that we expect to continue to take market share in, so for the fourth quarter, you should expect continued strong performance from both storage and services throughout the business. The only thing I would further underline is that for ITRenew and ALM in general, we’ve assumed it would be consistent on a sequential basis, so you can work into the organic if you’d like from that.  Thank you for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Okay, maybe I’ll take the first part of that, and if Bill wants to add, he can. Thank you Brendan for the question, and appreciate those points that you’re asking about. I think our team has done quite an effective job with respect to hedging and getting us into a place where we’re in a very good position as we work into 2023 as it relates to power. To give you a sense, Brendan, obviously this is a little bit based on forecast of next year, but we estimate that we were in excess of 95% locked in terms of pricing at this point for power; in fact, it’s probably closer to 99%.  I would say the other important point is when you look at our customer base, we have the ability to directly pass power pricing onto roughly 90% of the customers, and that’s either through pass-through or surcharge, for example to retail customers, and in many cases that’s month to month as we’ve highlighted before. For those that we don’t have that direct ability, of course we have the ability to adjust pricing on renewals, and that’s principally in the retail portion of our business. As you know, those are relatively shorter contracts, so we have the ability to price quite frequently or consistently with power, so it’s not a huge headwind. I think the fact that the team has continued to drive gross margins to being consistent, in fact in the most recent quarter up several hundred basis points in our data center business, is a very good testament to the fact that we’re managing the impact of power, which as you know is a margin drag as its increasing, so we feel very good about where we are going into next year as it relates to power. As it relates to pricing more broadly, the thing I would point you to is if you look at our mark-to-market, it has continued to improve throughout the year, and as you know, that’s a lagging indicator in light of when the contracts for renewals were signed, so we continue to see a very healthy environment for pricing within data center, at least within the markets that we operate in there, generally speaking. I would say there’s more demand than supply. We feel very well positioned as it relates to the assets we have and our ability to continue to price. I’ll also note, of course, that construction costs are up and so when you look across the platform of our data center business, we feel very good about how the team is performing.
Bill Meany: Thanks George for the question. We feel really good, as you would have noted, that over the last number of quarters, we’ve been consistently showing north of 20% growth both on our IT disposal business - you know, the traditional part or the organic portion of our asset life cycle management business has consistently been 20% or better, and our digital service business continues to go from strength to strength again, north of 20%. Those are really two of the key drivers driving that overall level of service growth. If anything, we see in both of those areas, the interest in customers, whether it’s helping them at the end-of-life in some of their assets, make sure that it is destroyed in a way that’s secure, or in the digital service business, we see more and more customer interest and actually customer contracting on us helping them with their digital transformation. I think the current environment, we see more rather than less of both of those things, so we feel really good about being able to maintain that kind of level of growth, which is all part of the Matterhorn project that we outlined at our investor event a few weeks ago, that when you put it all together, it drives what we see over the next coming years - you know, consistent growth rates that turn into a CAGR of 10% or better.
Bill Meany: Good morning Wendy, thanks for the question. We remain really excited and very bullish about our data center businesses. As we said, if you look at--you know, we’ll exceed the 130 megawatts that we had laid out or forecasted on our last call, so we continue to build past that and we see similar momentum as we go into next year, so we don’t see any change in terms of our pipeline that turns into leasing activity as we start approaching 2023.  We continue--there’s always a little bit of lumpiness because these are fairly large contracts when you look at quarter to quarter, but we see continued strength and momentum as we go into next year. I think we are also in key markets - that’s why we’ve expanded in Phoenix, where I mentioned that we’re pretty much fully leased or committed on our current campus in Phoenix, and we’ve expanded there. As Barry mentioned, whilst there is 3 megawatts that comes with the north of 70 megawatts of capacity that we’ve purchased in the Iberian Peninsula, specifically in Madrid, is that comes with a pipeline of activity because we’ve been clearly speaking to our customers and anticipating that move. We continue to see that we’re going from strength to strength in that business and building really strong momentum as we go into 2023.
Bill Meany: The only thing I would add, you were asking about how we manage with the customers, because this has been a pain point for our customers. As Barry said, you can see our margins continue to improve, so as we’re building out operational leverage in the business, which is first and foremost, but we’ve been able to manage the price increases in line with energy costs, so it hasn’t been a drag for us. But for our customers, it’s been a pretty big pain point. Recently, I can say speaking to a customer--a large ecommerce customer in Asia, we actually serve them around the globe but based in Asia, and a large global financial institution, even though we have the-and they do pass the power costs to them, is having the uncertainty in the budgets is difficult with them, so we have been working with a number of those customers to actually buy power in advance, or contract forward for some power that we could give them certainty in terms of what their energy bill is going to be on a rolling 12-month basis. We have been working with our customers to try to minimize the volatility and the pain that they are experiencing, so so far, so good.
