William Leo Meaney: Thanks, Stuart. Just a couple of high-level comments before we turn it over to Q&A. First, we have had a very strong quarter in terms of the financials perspective, 4% internal storage revenue growth, year-over-year EBITDA margin expansion of 330 basis points excluding all the one-time items and strong AFFO growth which continues to drive dividend growth and to deleverage the business. Second, incoming trailing 12-month volume growth has gone from 44 million cubic feet to 50 million cubic feet after absorbing Recall, showing the robustness and quality of the business, the physical storage side. And third, we've made significant progress in building our higher growth segment aided by M&A, both in the emerging markets and now in the data center space. With that, I'd like to turn it over to questions.
William Leo Meaney: Well, you can see it in terms of the – you see the difference, Andrew, between the 4% internal revenue growth and you see the increase in volume. So you can kind of – we don't do it on a like-for-like basis as always, one's on a trailing 12 month and one's quarter-over-quarter but ...
William Leo Meaney: We are counting the second quarter as a 4.0% because we're stripping out the SimpliVity termination when HP bought them.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. So, we – so Karin, we are buying the real estate – we're buying the whole business including the real estate.
William Leo Meaney: Originally, we've guided that it will take us about three years to get stabilized on that. I think it will be a bit faster than that. But I think in terms of pre-leasing activity, we had a few small customers already coming, but we had a lot of people, in fact this week, we had a tour of someone looking at both Northern Virginia as well as Denver. He's looking for in the new order of a couple of megawatts at both facilities. So, we feel pretty good in terms of where the interest in terms of that facility. We've already had quite a few sales tours, looking at that and it comes online as said in the middle of August.
William Leo Meaney: Thanks, Andrew. No, I think it's more than sustainable and, in fact, although these were more in Western Europe, we had a few projects that have slipped into the third quarter, because the timing on these things is never exact. So we feel pretty good about the pipeline on the service side. And as you can see, the North American was naturally our primary focus in terms of getting our service pipeline built up because it's by far the largest portion of our service revenue. Most of it comes from North America, but we see good progress across the spectrum looking at Europe and also data management in terms of building the pipeline.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah, HP bought SimpliVity, here in Boston and then they moved it into their data center, they had the excess data center space so they is part of that acquisition they move SimpliVity out, but they paid out the contract.
William Leo Meaney: That's just increasing the base, I mean it's the – because now the base is 20% bigger than it was before with Recall volume in there.
William Leo Meaney: No, not really let me get it – your – we're sort of try to talk about it from a volume basis, right. The volume is up and as you can see that in the that in the charts in the earnings presentation, but your denominator like your base of what you're comparing that growth to, that 9 million cubic feet over the last four quarters, is your growth that you're dividing that by 20% figure base, so you can't just take that – we can't just take that times 0.8 normalized.
William Leo Meaney: One of the areas that we continue to improve through our real estate consolidation. So, generally the trend line is moving up, but you have to take out this one off.
William Leo Meaney: It's across the base business, we've been -- Kevin we've been, as you know that you can plan the stores while they – we started building up our revenue management expertise probably three years ago. And it takes a while for that to bleed through just the natural tenure of our contracts and we're really starting to make – you starting to see the progress that we've been working on three years now starting to bleed through into the pricing across the business.
William Leo Meaney: $345 million is not our cash right, as we've been talking about in investor day, there are different things that we can do to fund our growth, obviously borrowing is a piece of it, if you can see clearly on the next slide you got the private placement of debt and we've also even got capital recycling. So, we continue to do some real estate investment as well, that you don't really see above the service, above the surface, because we are selling some real estate to acquire real estate in better locations or where we want to grow.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah, if you look at the next slide, if you look at slide 12, we can clearly see sort of Yeah. If you look at the next slide. If you look at slide 12, you can clearly see the sort of funding it shows the source of expectation.
Stuart B. Brown: Yes. Karin, it's just to clarify. It's really – so it's the – if you look at the current run rate of EBITDA with the leases that they have in place, if there are – we have couple leases signed that haven't taken occupancy yet. And the synergize also, there is a little bit of synergies, not a lot. And then a build out of some of the existing spaces and it's not the future development space.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. It's stable – fully stabilized yield which is if you look at sort of a 95% occupancy, you're going to get a yield there of call it 12%.
Stuart B. Brown: It'll still be around 5.6 times, you've got to remember, we've funded it – the seller actually wanted to take Iron Mountain stock and so we were able to fund that with the basically same leverage ratio as the existing balance sheet.
Stuart B. Brown: The one thing I'll add is that the first half was helped by the higher paper prices that we will be cycling against. It started to increase last year August, September.
Stuart B. Brown: It's really all boiled down to FX and the change in FX in the quarter, and you can see that impact also in the supplemental where we go back and adjust FX out of that in the, what is that on page, pull it up real quick, but you can see it was about a 1% impact in the second quarter in terms of growth rates, and so that just flows through to the other.
Stuart B. Brown: That's correct. That's correct. So even as Karin asked a few minutes ago, even with that, we can keep getting the leverage down close to 5.6%.
Stuart B. Brown: It was about $12 million. In the year, the impact was about $12 million, so an annualized basis call it $15 million or $16 million of annualized revenue, maybe $18 million...
Stuart B. Brown: Yes. So the in-quarter impact was pretty small; the impact for rest of the year, so it was probably about a $0.5 million impact on negative impact on EBITDA. You'll end up seeing a piece of that in the second half actually flow through sort of other income, right, because now we have a 25%, we will maintain a 25% investment, so as a minority, so it comes out of EBITDA, but we continue to remain invested in Russia. So you'll end up picking some of that back up from an EPS and AFFO standpoint. But
Stuart B. Brown: ...of the $6 million the biggest piece of that was the lease termination fee and it was about $2 million impact from the other – from the accrued earn-out that we ended up not paying.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah, this would be just under our smallest about a half – okay, so this is a disposition about a $0.5 million and the lease termination was about $4 million of the $6 million.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah that's – it is on slide 7 of the supplemental, it was about 1%, it was – yeah, about 1% impact.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. I think, I mean, I think the way I would think about modeling on a go forward basis is do it around the absolute, right. In other words, the new absolute. We said that over trailing 12 months we have gone from $44 million to $50 million of incoming volume. So, I would kind of think about it in terms of the absolute rather than just try to mess around with the percentages.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. So that utilization, you got to remember that the divestments are in that as well. So, you get impacted by the disposals that we've done related to the Recall transaction. So, those divestments as well as Russia right, so go down even in Q1 because of the divestments.
Stuart B. Brown: I think the divestments is about 14 million impact cumulative, yeah – yeah 14 million cu was the impact.
