William L. Meaney: I think -- right, and the only thing that we've come out public on is the wholesale data center as a potential area for adjacencies, but so there's a number of things that we're looking at that are across all those spectrums. But I think the way to think about it is the things we're looking at is similar to when we went into the tape business. So in 1995, I think, roughly, is when we really got going in the tape business, and it was less than a $15 million business. And today, we've turned this into a $400 million, $500 million business. So I think that the question for us is what is the next natural adjacency, just like we added tape alongside the box, which has been excellent. And there's a number of things we're looking at, and the one that we've highlighted or come a little bit more public about is the wholesale data center is a potential area.
William L. Meaney: It's Bill. I think that it's early days, but what we did before is we did a very strong focus in verticalization around the health care segment, and based on that, we were able to see -- we were getting some good traction in gains against the headwinds that we were experiencing in health care with the drop in service revenues as people go into the electronic records. We saw that actually really worked to have people, to have sales teams that were specialized around certain vertical sectors. So what we've done at the start of this year is we've launched a number of different sectors, which I mentioned, including government, oil and gas, financial services, and doing exactly the same thing. So it's early days, but it was based on the success that we had in health care in terms of rejuvenating that business. We thought that this really is the thing that makes sense, to try to go after some of that unvended business and get more, especially in the mature markets.
William L. Meaney: Well, I think that we're approaching a run rate of $20 million for 2013, and we have a number of clients or customers that mainly came to us that we're hosting in that wholesale data center. So we're in the process, as part of this realignment of the sales force is to actually be more proactive in terms of bringing in additional revenue, and that's where the investment that Brian highlighted, the $30 million that we're budgeting this year to expand that is based on sales volume. So we're not going -- we're not spending that money, hoping that people come. It is based on our expectations in terms of generating additional customers for that facility, and that's the amount that we've budgeted to actually build up a facility to serve them. So right now, it's early in the year, but we're sticking by our guidance that we're -- that's what we expect based on the pipeline that we're building.
William L. Meaney: I think that, first of all, with the computerization of health care records, we're getting a lot less service revenue, which, I think, goes without saying. So it's becoming much more archival. So they're still retaining the paper records because they need that proof, but in terms of the access to the information on those records, that's being much -- more and more, that's being scanned, which is helping our scanning business. And it's -- then once it's electronic, they don't need to bring the records back and forth. Where we're were finding some new storage opportunities are things that -- which I discussed with some of you, for instance, in the pathology segment, and it's been an area that's been overlooked by a lot of the health care providers in the sense that they just stacked up these paraffin slides everywhere and also in terms of some of the tissue samples. And that's a business that we're seeing some decent growth, which is pure storage but needs to be stored under special environmental conditions.
William L. Meaney: Yes, I think they're all independent events. We don't have any insight into the dynamics in those discussions. I mean, we have our own set of facts and our own kind of proposals with the IRS, so I can't offer any insight from what's going on with others. I mean, clearly, there are more companies looking at this area, and so I think this is an area that's getting a lot of attention in terms of review. And that's -- there are other companies that are kind of nontraditional, if you will, in terms of proposing REIT structures, but our facts and circumstances are discrete and distinct, and I wouldn't read anything from other discussions into our situation.
William L. Meaney: Yes, look, I think that the -- I would put it in a bucket with all our vertical visions, early days, but we are doubling down on that. And I think our view is net-net, if the government comes under tighter and tighter budget pressure, that's a net positive for us. We're in a lot of discussions at different -- coming out from different angles with different government agencies, including their own internal storage people, and they are full and running out of capital. So I think that there's -- the opportunity for us is growing, but it is an area where we're doubling down our efforts to see if we can get something to happen in 2013. It's early days, but we're optimistic. Otherwise, we wouldn't have focused on that as a separate vertical.
William L. Meaney: Okay, well, just to wrap up, I think we delivered on our expectations for the 2012 financial performance. And looking forward to 2013, just to recap, we expect continued solid growth in the storage rental and further expansion into existing and new emerging markets on our International side. Sustained -- we don't see anything other than sustained high margins in North America and additional profit improvement, which we've already highlighted in the International business. And we'll continue to pursue these with a strong focus on prudent capital allocation, with an overarching goal for total returns and delivering sustainable value to our shareholders. So we want to thank you all for joining us today, and we really appreciate your support.
Brian P. McKeon: James, this is Brian. What I tried to say on that, the next E&P distribution, assuming we're successful with the feedback from the PLR, which we don't have anything new to announce on that front, but assuming we're successful, it would be in 2014. So we're not anticipating a E&P distribution beyond the one that we did at the end of last year until 2014. And that's consistent with normal timing on these types of things, we have until the end of 2014 to do the formal distributions as part of the conversion process.
Brian P. McKeon: It's -- again, it's Brian. It is growing. We highlighted that actually, North America gave us some accretive benefit to the overall growth rate. You see somewhat similar dynamics in the tape business that you do to box in the sense that the archival use of tape continues to grow, and so the storage side of the business is solid. We're also getting the benefit of a refocus within the company over the last couple of years, really post the divestiture of the digital business. So a lot of the resources that were -- sales resources that were calling on CIOs were selling a broader spectrum of products, and now they're really laser-focused on the tape business, and we're starting to see the benefit of that flowing through our growth rate. We are seeing headwinds in the tape business like we are in box in the sense of activity-based service. There's less tape rotation going on. It's more archival in nature, and so there are some headwinds there that constrain the overall growth. But it's quite a healthy business. And I think a key thing to highlight there is it is very much aligned with the growth in digital data, right? The tape is a storage format for digital information, so it benefits from the explosion and growth of digital data. So it's a very good business, very nice returns for us, and we're pleased with the progress we're making there.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, the facility transactions, there were 2 large ones. One was in London. It's basically closing one facility and consolidating into another. And we had one in Nashville, Tennessee in the U.S. And we'll see returns from those quickly, so those are basically payments we're making to get out of lease facilities and some other costs. And we'll consolidate it to other buildings, and so that's factored into our 2013 outlook. It's very quick payback. We do this all the time, so this is nothing new. We had some -- the other impacts in the quarter, the sales and marketing realignment was about $4 million. We highlighted paper being an issue year-on-year, about $3 million. And there were just a variety of things that kind of all went in one direction on the year-end accruals. We had some litigation accruals. We're still incurring some costs to finalize resolution of the government contract matter, which is progressing well, but there's a lot of money being spent there just to resolve that. We had some adjustments to stock programs. We moved to a world where we're paying a lot more in dividend, so we made adjustments to how that impacts the stock incentive programs for employees. We could basically give them credit for dividends in the future, and just some other normal noise. But those -- some total were several million dollars of impact. So a lot of noise in the quarter. When you cut through it, it was -- we expected a bunch of this, and so it's right in line with our guidance. And operationally, we feel good about the underlying performance. The International business is on track, good profit improvement in North America, sustained margins. We have endured some of the paper price swings, but we've worked through that. So we feel like we're in a good position to deliver the objectives that we outlined at Investor Day.
Brian P. McKeon: And George, it wasn't a major driver of our economics in Q4, and in 2013, we're investing in the front-end capability to continue to build out this business, which we think could be a couple hundred million dollar business over time. And so you'll start to see the benefits of that flowing through more in 2014 in terms of the profit results, but right now, it's not a major driver of our profit growth. But we feel very good about the investments we're making. The incremental returns on this are very attractive. It's a great space and good execution and high end customer interest. So we feel very good about this, and I think to Bill's point, it's a business that we can meter quite well. We basically invest capital after we've got commitments and long-term contracts, so it's a good business all around to invest behind.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, so breaking that down a bit for you, if you're just looking at internal, Andrew, is we expect storage to be about 3%, so consistent with where we are. And services to be down modestly, so it's sort of a -- the flat to minus 2% range, I think, would be a good estimate there. And that is basically reflecting the activity base pressures we've talked about in more developed markets. In the emerging markets, we're internationally seeing very good service growth, but still a significant part of our business is U.S. and U.K. So that's the breakdown. Right now, we've got about 1 point of growth in our outlook related to acquisitions, and that just reflects what we've completed today, right? So if we do more, there will obviously be some accretion to that, but that's our current outlook.
Brian P. McKeon: Right. In addition to that, you had year-end accrual impacts, which are in the range of $10 million, actually. Yes, in terms of if you sum total all of the impacts. So we had a fair amount of year-end accrual activity as well. Keep in mind that you have the paper year-on-year headwind of about $3 million as well. So combined, that was the key drivers of the performance. I don't have the breakdown between North America and International in front of me. I'm sure we can follow up on that for you. We did try to normalize the International margin growth, so I'm sure you can do the math on them.
Brian P. McKeon: We highlighted at Investor Day that we are advancing some new business investments in 2013, areas like wholesale data center that we talked about. We've got some other areas in beta in terms of new services around our tape business and highlighted there's about $10 million of investment there. That is -- our underlying outlook for the business reflects sustaining North America returns and following through on the margin improvement that we have in International and then having moderate margin improvement post 2013. So really, what you're seeing is just a reflection of -- we are making some select new business investments in 2013, and that's mitigating some of the benefits from the International margin gains.
Brian P. McKeon: We'll share more specifics with that if that's the case, but we would -- our business strategy doesn't change. We're committed to growing the business and in improving our operations, as we've talked about it, and returning capital to shareholders. The REIT was a better way to do that and aligned with how we're managing the business. We'll bring some more specifics around that, but you should anticipate us just bringing clarity on how we intend to return capitals to shareholders in the context of our business strategy going forward, but we don't have anything specific to share with you today.
Brian P. McKeon: We're comfortable with the strategy that we've outlined. The M&A activity that we're driving is within our core business, and the businesses that we buy, the activity that you saw, a fair amount in Q4, are smaller North American acquisitions. They tend to be highly accretive, bring very good profitability. And so actually, in terms of when you think about our leverage structure, where we've historically been kind of 3x to 4x EBITDA, when you get these businesses, they fund -- a significant amount of them fund themselves in terms of the incremental OIBDA. So we're comfortable with the acquisition kind of ranges that we've talked about. And within the kind of the normal band that we've been functioning within, I think we had an estimate of about $100 million a year in our longer-term estimates and quite comfortable we can manage that.
