William Leo Meaney: Okay. Thank you, Rod. Before going over to questions, just to sum up, by utilizing the levers available to us in this highly durable and cash generative business, we've been able to deliver a good year, which is distinguished by first demonstrating growth in the business, both with and without acquisitions; additionally by generating cash, which allows us to grow dividend whilst at the same time establishing a debt-to-EBITDA glide path which delevers over time; and finally by investing in our core business whilst building adjacencies which support the business well into the future. With that, I'd like to open it up to questions.
William Leo Meaney: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning. No, I think it's pretty much the same as we said I think on the last call. I think it's bouncing between kind of the high-single-digit to low-double-digit declines in terms of what I would say our core service revenue associated with the transport of the tapes. And I think as we called out the last few quarters is that where we were on the paper record side of the business maybe two or three years ago, we're still watching that till it starts flattening out or we see the inflection point. And we don't see that inflection point right now, but at the same time we don't see it getting worse than what it is. I think what you'll see is, you'll see some bouncing around in terms of the net service revenue on the data management. I mean, quite frankly, I think we've done a pretty good job on building up some of these new service lines that in the tape management which includes the secured IT asset destruction business, for instance, and also the restoration assurance business, just to call out two. So on the transportation side, again, which is our highest margin in that type of business, we don't see a slowdown in that decline, but we don't see an acceleration either. But I think what we're -we're making some good progress in some of these new services which generally have lower margins than transport, but at the same time they have much less invested capital associated with it, so we're getting similar returns. So when those – I wouldn't expect this year that these new services are going to overtake the decline that we're seeing in the transportation, but we're making good progress.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah. I think it's a good call-out, Andrew. I think one of the things you probably caught in my remarks and a little bit in Rod's is that as we're shifting from the core transportation services that are associated with the ins and outs in our storage business to some of the new service areas, a lot of these new service areas are project based, which is also the reason why we said we expect kind of a downtick in Q1 in some of our service revenue as those projects have a lead time in terms of the sell and onboarding those cycles. And then they come through it in the next quarter or quarters and that's what you've seen actually in Western Europe. What you will have seen is there was an investment earlier in the year, and then that project revenue kind of flows through. So that's part of the new services. It's less smooth than say the transportation side of the business, so you have these ups and downs. So what we tend to do is we look at it over the course of the year and it just so happened that in Western Europe, you saw that spike as part of that normal cyclicality of these projects.
William Leo Meaney: Well, I think what we said is that we expect looking at the pipeline that we will have a similar margin by the end of the year as we achieved in 2015. So that's correct. And what you'll see is that we were, in Q4, we had positive service revenue growth overall in the year, slightly negative. So what we expect is service revenue to be basically flat and the margin to be in line, maybe slightly ahead, but it's going to be basically in line with what we achieved at the end of 2015.
William Leo Meaney: Okay, so good morning, George. So I think there's kind of a couple aspects. There's some that – there's a number of things that you're touching upon or referring to that Patrick Keddy went through on Investor Day, things that we're doing just to get more margin out of some of our existing core service areas which have seen a drop in activity, so that's really around the transportation side. And I think we feel pretty good where that's coming out. I think you'll continue to see some improvement during the course of the year, but a lot of that is in flight. I think the bigger part of it is how we bring on some of the new service areas which are less smooth, but on a year basis these are project-driven. So you can think of it as like a defense contractor: there's a certain amount of prospecting and then there's a certain amount of reaping or harvesting. So you'll see on a quarter-by-quarter basis, you'll see some movement around that, but we have good visibility over the course of the year to be able to predict where the year will end up. So I think what you can expect as we go through the course of the year is we think that we will have similar slight uptick in terms of where we came in for the year in 2015, so slight improvement, but kind of in the same postal code for 2016 in service. But you will see as we shift away from the volume coming from almost exclusively the transportation side of the business to some of these new services that are more project based, you will see more ups and downs on a quarter-by-quarter basis just like Andrew called out for the uptick in Western Europe in Q4. And we're saying that Q1 you'll see a downtick in some of those services, but we have very good visibility over the course of the year where we'll come out.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah. So there's kind of two dimensions to that, right, George. So one is now that we've gone through quite a bit of the integration process, not on the commercial side, but we kind of know the people and the overall volumes that we're getting in different geographies, we have a pretty high confidence level of where it makes sense for us to continue to bolster our presence internationally. So that's kind of one dimension. So you saw for instance our acquisition the last quarter of last year in India. And there's a couple more in flight that are in, as we called out, in the emerging markets, right. The other aspect of that, of course, is you won't see us doing any M&A activity in the four regulatory jurisdictions that we're working with right now to close the Recall transaction because we don't want any delay in those discussions with the regulators, right. Because if you start doing acquisitions at the same time you're having discussions, it's just going to delay it. So we have pretty good visibility now where it makes sense. And that's why we've restarted the engine.
William Leo Meaney: So I think you probably know how I'm going to answer this one. As I said in my notes, it's not much that I can say beyond – or anything I can say beyond in my remarks. So I think you could probably appreciate that...
William Leo Meaney: But we remain excited about the deal. As I said on my prepared remarks is that we're engaged constructively with the four key regulators, and we're working hard to drive this to a close. But I can't – I think you could probably appreciate I can't say much more.
William Leo Meaney: Look, right now I think all four are – we're engaged in all four, so I think our expectation is it'll probably be coming together pretty much at the same time. I mean, I wouldn't rule out a country-by-country update, but I think right now my expectation is it's going to be fairly closely aligned.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. Morning, Shlomo. I'll just give you kind of a couple examples that give you an idea. Some of them are large scanning projects, so there's some that are in flight with government contracts for instance, and they have a certain – that's why I kind of alluded to kind of like defense contracts, those things have a kind of a tilling, fertilizing, seeding process and then a harvesting side. And those are typically very large scanning projects that are associated with storage. So we're not going in to compete with an ACS or a Xerox per se. I mean, they may be competing, but we're going after contracts where we think we really have a strong skill set that's associated with just not the scanning, but also the classification of the records and in many if not most cases the actual storing of those records. But those are long lead time projects that come through at different times and hence you see the kind of spike that we saw in Western Europe when those things come through. Others are, again, what I would call kind of BPM-type projects that are associated with storage. So right now we have in sight a large project which is associated with mortgage servicing or helping mortgage originator to process and manage a lot of their documentation and processes associated with mortgages. Again, there's a big upfront piece and we have the relationship with that customer because we do, if not all, most of their storage. So those are kind of two different projects. One which I would typically call BPM, and the other one I would call scanning, but we come at it, and we've been asked to come in and provide these services because of our expertise around records management and record storage.
William Leo Meaney: Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. On the EMC, so the EMC we're still very excited. We're making good steady progress, and the great thing about it is there's still a high level of engagement, even though you can probably imagine that EMC is going through their own changes right now with the Dell acquisition. But even with all that and through that process both pre and post announcement, we've had a high level of engagement and both teams are working well. I mean, it's starting on a small base, but we're very excited about that combination because to us this is kind of like the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, right. It's putting – I don't know if you could say who has the peanut butter and who has the chocolate, but putting those two things together and combining it with our raised floor platform using the data center is just a – it's a really unique platform that we could offer to our customers, which it's very difficult for any competitors to do because we're allowing customers to remove both the OpEx and CapEx associated with their tape drives in their premises and using EMC's market-leading technology or data domain technology. We can replicate their data center on our raised floor using our data center technology, and then deliver tapes off the back of that and store it in our vault, which is a perfect cyber-security play because I think what people have learned is that you're not secure around cyber-security unless you unplug it completely from any network, so that's where tape comes in. But at the same time, people can get rid of a lot of the OpEx and CapEx costs associated with cutting the tapes themselves, and you reduce the need to transport these things over the road, and many cases these tapes aren't encrypted. So that adds a much more secure environment. And then the other service of course we apply to that is we tell the customer, independent of any change in generational tape drives, we give them guaranteed assurance that we will restore that data whenever they need it in whatever format they need. So if you kind of look at some of the things that are in the core DNA of Iron Mountain, together with our growing data center business, and the core DNA of EMC, it is the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.
William Leo Meaney: No, at this point you could imagine because this really goes to the IT security of most of our customers, none of them – I mean, we keep working on that, and when we can we'll highlight them. I think I should highlight, it's still a relatively small portion of our revenue. But we're really excited about these types of programs because it really resonates with our customers. But I think you can imagine most of our customers are pretty secretive about the way that they manage their IT assets or IT information.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah. I think the way you should think about it is that – I think I understand where you're kind of going with it, is that if you're trying to bring it down to cash available for distribution and investment, is that...
William Leo Meaney: Yeah. Okay. So that's what I figured you were trying to get to. So if you look at 2016 and you take the midpoint of the guidance, you should get to $495 million, and then you had $412 million for the dividend, I mean, it's $411 million, $412 million. So you subtract that out and then there's about $65 million for growth racking, but that is actually for growth. So actually if you think about it, it's the $495 million less the $411 million and then that gives you a number that's available for growth basically, for investment and growth. And so the first call in that cash available is $65 million, which is for the organic growth that we get from our customers every year. So even if you take out, and that's for 2017 revenue if you know what I mean, right, because you're putting the racking investment in 2016, so that when the growth hits you in 2017 you can actually put those boxes on the shelf. So then even after you take the growth racking which gives you the mid-2% range that we highlighted in terms of internal growth, in terms of our storage business that leaves you about $19 million for cash available for discretionary investment. Now, that's versus 2015 actuals of about $3 million left over after you paid for racking. So we've actually – even with the further FX headwinds coming into the 2016 based on January rates, you see the improvement from $3 million to $19 million, but again, that's also already including $65 million for growth, so that 2.5% organic storage volume growth that's coming in. Now when you come down and you're trying to – to your point about M&A is – so you say: well, how are we able to delever and still be able to do M&A? Because of course when we're doing the M&A we're buying EBITDA as well associated with that. So we're – so that's how the whole thing works. So we are issuing debt to do the M&A because obviously $19 million doesn't fuel our whole M&A program. But between the $19 million that we have for beyond internal growth of storage, we also borrow, but on a net-net basis in terms of what it does is debt-to-EBITDA you see a deleveraging as well. So that...
William Leo Meaney: And the only thing I would do is just one last thing, Michael, is if you go to our Investor Day deck it lays it out quite well because it shows you what happens to – we do it both on a standalone and with Recall, but it shows you how we grow dividends during that period of time, how we grow the M&A and how we delever during the period of time. And you'll see the cash available or the CAD in the appendix of that deck.
Roderick Day: I think that's right. It might move around a little bit by a quarter, but I think that's actually right, Bill, for the full year. It's a good summary.
Roderick Day: I think that's right, Bill. I think, George that was in the nature of deals, particularly internationally, it can be a bit lumpy in terms of when they land. It was relatively quiet last year as you rightly pointed out. But I can see a reasonable amount of activity in Q1 actually with some, well I think, pretty exciting deals.
Roderick Day: I don't think we've mentioned change in internal growth. This may be in total growth. And so the internal – it's only if we start with internal storage growth, we've always been sort of in the 2.5% to 3% range and, obviously, that's the key metric for us. On the total revenue outlook, you're right. I think we've sort of pulled it in slightly as a result of just having a better understanding of how things might pan out.
Roderick Day: It looks like it could've stabilized, but we've seen that before. So effectively what we've done in terms of our projection, we've taken the paper price out of that January. It could continue to move up or down, and we'll obviously keep updating on that, but where we did see the drop was really in the last couple of months of last year.
Roderick Day: Yeah, and probably the easiest thing to do, if you take it as 40% of our revenue as outside of the U.S. and so therefore if you kind of take a 1% delta on the dollar against the basket of currencies, that would impact our revenue by 0.4%. And then you can flow that down to OIBDA. I think the way to think about that is if the FX movement is against markets where our businesses are more mature, so I could say for example, Canada and the UK, there obviously we earn higher margins. And so it has a sort of disproportionate effect on OIBDA. If the FX movement is against some of our businesses in emerging markets, it tends to be more dampened at the OIBDA level because obviously they're at earlier stages, and so the contribution margin percent is lower. Don't know if that helps.
Roderick Day: Yes. Yeah, that's exactly right. So page 13, it's the second last column on the right is our 2016 guidance based at January 2016 FX rates. So...
Roderick Day: No. No. So we have restructuring costs, but they're actually included within adjusted OIBDA, but they have a phasing impact as I referred to earlier.
Roderick Day: That's really our M&A spend, so that's – we refer to business customer acquisitions, but it's really the M&A spend.
Roderick Day: 5.6 I think, and we aim to hold it around that level, it would be 5.5 times to 5.6 times by the end of the year. And over the next three years it will come down to 5.2, excluding the Recall deal. If we did the Recall deal, actually allows us to delever faster than that.
