Bill Meaney: Thanks, Rod. Before we move to Q&A, I’d like to summarize this morning’s key points. Our 2014 financial results were on track with our expectations prior to the impact of foreign currency and in fact revenue on a constant dollar basis was at the top end of our range. Moreover, we look for similar constant dollar growth in 2015, consistent with the three-year plan we laid out at our Investor Day nearly a year ago. Our fourth quarter operating results demonstrated the success of our initiatives to drive volume in storage rental growth in both our developed and emerging markets and we’re maintaining momentum as we move into 2015. We have attractive high return investment opportunities in all of our segments, including potential acquisitions in developed and emerging markets, and interesting initiatives to leverage our enterprise storage rent through emerging business opportunities. We are maintaining our dividend in line with the growth in operating profit, which represents an attractive yield whilst providing cash flow to fund required CapEx and a portion of our growth investment. We’ll continue to maintain our capital allocation discipline. And like most REITs, we'll look forward -- we’ll look to fund external growth with new capital after first demonstrating our ability to generate the appropriate returns. Our business is durable and predictable and is characterized by attractive fundamentals compared with self-storage and industrial property types. While FX has been a drag in the recent quarter, we also see the current FX environment has an opportunity to take advantage of the strong U.S. dollar to increase our small but growing investment in the high growth emerging markets at favorable rate. With that, Operator, we're ready to take questions.
Bill Meaney: Okay. I think on the service side, I will let Rod talk you through because you also asked for the different components and I think I would say as an introductory mark before, Rod takes you through the different components of that? Because there as you know, there are multiple things in our service revenue, some of it is driven by paper prices. Some of it’s driven by the ins and outs associated with our Records Management business. There are different components that are more volatile and more in direct control of the operations. So, I think we have seen an improvement around our imaging business and paper prices and we have a new dedicated leader that’s just looking at our digital or scanning operations, so we have seen an improvement in that area. But we still see some of the underlying trends, especially in our Data Management area in terms of the some of the service associated with transport but Rod, you may want to talk about it in more detail.
Bill Meaney: The other thing I would add to that, Andrew, is on the DM side, there is a couple of initiatives that we are doing to try to mitigate that. First of all, we do have a new offering in Secure Destruction, which we are seeing, albeit off a small base but very rapid growth on that base. So, I think you'll start seeing that come through in some of the service numbers associated with the DM business. The other aspect is that we have taken a focus on maintaining and in some cases, trying to add additional volume and what we call our premium transport services around DM, which is dedicated transport. So there are couple puts and takes in initiatives that we've just started in last quarter, last year and we expect those to continue to come through. But the overall trend in DM, as it becomes more archival, like the box business. The DM business is a little bit behind in terms of the lifecycle of that.
Bill Meaney: Thanks for that. I guess, Kevin, you probably expect -- I don't have much more to say than what my statement is that, we’ve obviously seen attractiveness of such a transaction, which is the reason why we put a proposal forward in December. And we look at different aspects of the business that is attracted by it. But it's really a question of whether or not we can get to a value that works for both sides. But I think I don't have any more to say than in my opening statement.
Bill Meaney: Yeah. No, I think that -- well, it did help us a little bit in terms of the amount of CapEx for racking that we needed to deploy for that because we were able -- we bought Secure, they had some spare capacity in some of their other facilities, which we are able to use to onboard this new customer. So, I think that is true and that’s up in Canada.
Bill Meaney: Well, I think that, if you look at our international performance is still in the range, though we said slightly below the 25% that we reported last year. But it really is dependent in terms of how we grow the emerging market portfolio, because it’s a -- it will ebb and flow as we add new countries into that portfolios. As we said before it’s -- you put something in the funnel and it grows to mimic U.S. margins, which are even much higher than the 25% that a year ago we reported in the international segment. So that will ebb and flow in that range as we actually add new investments as we build market leading positions in the various geographies on the emerging market portfolio.
Bill Meaney: It’s a good question, Andy. The pricing -- the beginning of the year, we probably weren’t as sophisticated as being into on pricing. In the middle of the year we hired a new person in-charge of pricing and we on boarded in November our new Chief Marketing Officer with that comes under. So we have seen during the course of the year being able to up our game in the pricing area. So this year, obviously, we turned around the performance in North America from a volume perspective. So that helps as well and we put those two together, which especially towards the second half of the year in terms of adding more sophistication and more horsepower in our pricing area, you put those two together and that’s why we feel pretty confident that, when we talked about internal storage revenue growth for next year in the 2% to 2.5% range. And if you recall, in quarter one last year we started off at 1.3%. So it’s been a nice trend and we've been building some momentum through the year, both on the volume side and now on the latter half of the year on the pricing side.
Bill Meaney: Yeah. No, I think that’s right. So as you called out, we started off Q1 at a storage rental internal revenue growth of 1.4%. We ended up the year at 3.5%. As you say, even if you correct other things that Rod’s talking about, you were in the upper half of the 2s in terms of internal revenue storage growth rates. So, we've seen a really nice trend in pick up during that area. I think we also guided at the beginning of the year that we were -- we did call out that we were underperforming and we are very comfortable that we could get to the 2% to 2.5% range and we think we’ll be able to continue that momentum this year. And just to pick you up on one other thing is that, we have seen a nice progression in terms of the volume growth, the storage volume growth over the last say two years where we've gone from Q1 in 2013 in terms of internal storage volume growth before acquisitions of 1.1% net growth and we progressed up to this last quarter of 1.9% growth. So, we've seen a very nice expansion and that's really been driven by both better offense and defense in terms of retaining customers and also gaining new customers, so we feel like things are starting to come together. So, we feel pretty confident that we'll be able maintain that momentum into 2015.
Bill Meaney: Yes. So in terms of the returns that we would expect from acquisitions, I would distinguish between acquisitions that we make in developed markets and acquisitions that we make in emerging markets. And given the sort of the risk profile within emerging markets, we look for higher returns than we would expect than in developed markets. The range that we look for is 9% to 11%, so that the -- I'm always worried about quoting averages here because each day when we look at on a case-by-case basis and risks adjusts and make sure that we’re getting good quality returns on a case-by-case basis. The average is 9% to 11% typically higher in emerging and it is easier to take lower returns in developed where it’s more predictable.
Bill Meaney: Sorry. Yeah, definitely. On a constant currency rate, we are at 2.4% in the Records Management, which is a good performance. But we have seen a decline of 4.2% in Data Management but certainly in the North American space that was a strong -- sorry, the RIM space that was strong performances compared to where we’ve been.
Bill Meaney: Yeah. Shlomo, I think it is a good question. And you probably also noticed, I think we had a press release just a couple of weeks ago that we had a new head of federal who has a wide of depth and experience in that that area. We have as you know that we invest when we can see the revenue coming. And I think we feel like we’re getting pretty close on a number of discussions with the federal government and we still see that has a very big unvented opportunity for us. So yes we are and it’s probably little bit overstated to say we’re bullish but we feel that we're building momentum in that vertical. And we’re really pleased by how fast our new leader of the federal business seems to be getting his feet under the desk.
Bill Meaney: I think that the -- on a Cornerstone acquisition, which I think you’re referring to, we talked about that we’re getting some of the D&A to go after that market. We do think that that's a real opportunity for us because as I think I’ve said before is our market share or representation in that market is almost a quarter of what it is in the large enterprise market. And that is the market that tends to have better internal growth rates among themselves and good pricing. So that is an area where we have taken some of the D&A from Cornerstone and we have some of our folks working on how to better go after that. And also the reorganization that we did a year ago is already starting to show some benefit in terms of better penetrating that market and that was breaking -- getting the feel people aligned with the local territories much tighter. So I would say we’re still in the early part of the game on that, but we're starting to see -- we definitely see the opportunity and we’re starting to slowly see some results in that area.
Bill Meaney: Yeah. That the only I was just saying, I think, we are -- I think it’s also clear, where we are guiding now is on a per share basis and I think I kind of fumbled over cents whatever, but its $47.5 of per share is what we are guiding over and that, as Rod said, grows in line with operating income, because we are now through the project. I think, with that, I’d like to turn it back over to the operator.
Bill Meaney: Yeah. I think I have already done the remarks, Operator. So I just want to thank you all for joining us this morning for our call and we look forward to speaking to you in three months.
Rod Day: Yeah. I think that’s right, Bill. The way I think about service revenue and I’m sure, I think you do as well is that service revenue that we can directly influence and this is more sort of independent, if you like from some of our core Records Management business and then there is service activity that is dependent on the activity of what’s going on within whole storage side. I think what was positive for us in Q4, we look at the first areas of the stuff that we can influence directly. We had a particularly good quarter in what we call projects. So that’s where we do specific assignments for customers to sort of help them more with Records Management issues and that was a good strong performance. In addition, we also have the benefit of a good shred performance during Q4, some of which was driven by an improved paper price that we’ve seen take-off bit in Q4. In terms of the activity associated with our records business within the RM side, although there was still a sort of modest decline, the decline is not as serious as we’ve seen. And so again, I think you know we were nervous about calling the bottom of that. But at least, it was a more favorable quarter than we’ve seen and actually follows on from Q3 in that regard. I think the contrast of that would be, as Bill said, within the DM side, we did see quite a significant drop in service activity associated with tight and sort of tight rotation. Now let’s talk about 2015. As Bill said, we’ve actually done a bit of reorganization on the service side, particularly within North America to give more focus to our scanning business and our shredding business, which I think will benefit us. And I would hope that within the RM side, although that’s probably still be continuing declines with activity associated with box, but that should be it and that would be at lower levels. But on the DM side, I do think we will continue to see quite significant reduction so. In terms of summary, in terms of the activity that we can control, I think will be -- I’m hoping for a good performance there on the stuff that is more difficult for us to control. RM more positive than it’s been. DM, I think will continue to struggle.
Rod Day: Yeah. I think just to be clear, there is probably a distinction between -- so if there is a distinction means total internal growth in storage, internal growth side. Bill referenced storage internal growth of being sort of 2% to 2.5%, which is kind of the number that we would expect for 2015, which is distinct from total revenue growth.
Rod Day: No, you're right actually. It does don't have an impact. It did have a relatively small impact to be honest in the backend of Q4. And it obviously doesn’t impact the EBITDA but it does impact the revenue slightly.
Rod Day: No. I got it here. So the restructuring charge for this year in Q4 was zero and for last year was $18.6 million.
Rod Day: Maybe, I’ll just make a comment on FX just, because that’s the difference if you’d like between the guidance, say we have approximately 40% of our revenues internationally and we’ve seen a 12% decrease in FX on those revenues across those basket of currencies, so as a kind of impacted around sort of 4%, 4.5%. So you can see that the scale of the issue if you like and that’s what’s -- that’s really the only thing that’s driven the change in guidance.
Rod Day: Actually, I don’t really want to talk about on sort of Recall and how that would may or may not impact things. Let me just talk about in isolations. I think the first point to say is that the leverage ratio of 5.4% is exactly what we predicted at our I Day presentations. So there’s actually no surprise in that. And we’ve landed in a preciosity of the point where we thought we would. But our stance is over the long-term -- a range of 4% to 5%, we think is optimal from a sort of cost of debt or cost of equity and trade off. But in terms of -- and raising any further record as Bill referenced in his remarks, we would do that on the basis of having compelling investments to make in a bid in acquisitions or in real estate in particular. Very, very common for a REIT, that’s the situation that we are in and that’s how we would look to fund things going forward.
Rod Day: Yes. That’s good. There was actually a slight improvement in terms of our volume growth quarter-on-quarter. But you are right and George, it doesn’t explain the full difference by any means. Two things that are going on. One, we benefit from relatively weak compared to last year because as you may recall on our earnings call this time last year, we were talking about a number, sort of pricing adjustments down with what we have to make during that period. So in a sense, the sort of the year-on-year comparison and it slightly falls. But even if you strip that out, we have seen an improvement, a disproportionate improvement relative to our volume. And that comes back to -- in terms of the overall mix price and that’s what Bill was referencing earlier in terms of our ability, if you like to get more pricing traction than we’ve been able to do and maybe earlier in the year.
Rod Day: Really, no material shift other than the issue of FX, as I was referencing earlier so and that's really the only change that we have to our thinking.
Rod Day: That’s correct. That’s exactly right. And just to get a little bit history on that, we were talking to a number of REIT investors and there was kind of confusion around what’s maintenance for a company like us. So we’ve always had the real estate maintenance expense within our AFFO and following feedback, we thought it was appropriate to include this additional spend which is generally sort of recurring in nature. And therefore it gets sort of more conservative and more prudent view of what the AFFO number should be.
Rod Day: I think while I draw that, try my best for the case that would be long sort of detailed analysis. If we could do that offline, very happy to do that but it will take quite some time to work that through with you.
Rod Day: I think that what you disentangle is Sort of what’s been going on with the some of the underlying performance of the business, certainly in the sort of ‘11 and ‘12 period and the returns that we’re getting from the CapEx that we spend. So during the sort of the ‘11 and ‘12 period, the two things were happening. And one is we had a sort of poor performance on our services side of the business but it impacts our business negatively. And the second is depending on which EBITDA you’re looking at, we’re investing in REIT costs which obviously has the benefit further down the P&L in terms of tax. And if you then just strip out the CapEx, the investments that we’ve made. The typical returns we look to get on those certainly in excess of our WAC which is 8% and obviously that will vary depending on the secured investment that we are making. But then if you sort of layer them back on top, that will then contribute in a positive way to EBITDA.
Rod Day: I think, we are -- so the reason why we gave the -- this is a dollar guidance in the previous quarter, was really because there was so much going on with the dividend, with special projects and an E&P projects and special payments. And we are happy that we were getting questions coming in from investors because it was quite a confusing pitch. So we thought that would be helpful number to put out. Now we are through all that. We will just go, I don’t know sort of quarterly basis in terms of our per dividends payment. So, I think Bill, referenced in his remarks. Our policy like is to grow that dividends in line with our operating performance and that’s what we were doing.
