Bill Meaney: Good morning, Sheila. Thanks for the question. So as we got into COVID-19, as I alluded to is that our customers needed to be served a different way. And we already had a Summit teams spun up to look at our cost of sales. And what we found was, if we look specifically at SLAs for instance returning a box in 24 hours -- returning a box in 24 hours in this environment where people are working remotely wasn't going to help. So what we've done is we've actually in the major markets we've already implemented this. So this is United States, Canada, Ireland, the U.K., Australia and New Zealand. As we said, we're taking that to five business days so once a week we will pick up or deliver physical boxes. If they need something quicker then we will actually digitize it and we'll send it to them in a digital secure link through our InSight platform in Image on Demand. So we're actually giving them a better service and at the same time changing from 24 hours to five business days or once a week. You can imagine how significant that impact is on our logistics operations and allows us to really take out quite a bit of cost.
Bill Meaney: Well, I think we're blessed by being kind of an industry one. So we're a specialized REIT and our operations are still running strongly. We – although service has been impacted as Barry said 40% to 50% that's on 20% of our profits or 40% of our sales. So whilst it's impactful it's not a threat to our liquidity. So for our – from our standpoint, there isn't a liquidity reason that we would have to adjust our dividend. And then, as if you look at 2022, where we think we'll be looking at COVID in the back – in the rearview mirror by 2022. So we're assuming that it doesn't happen until then. Then we're actually gliding quite nicely into our original goal in our financial models as we get into the 2022 and 2023 period in terms of getting into the mid-60s to low-70s as payout as a percentage of AFFO. So we feel good about where we are. We'd rather not have COVID-19 because we would have gotten there much faster, but we feel good about the position.
Bill Meaney: Yes. So thanks Nate for the question. So it is -- that is actually the major driver. Because if you look at our cost of service, which is a combination of labor, fleet in terms of the trucks that we put on the road and our facilities. It is -- we are one -- it is actually the largest cost as a company. And when you then say okay we're going to a five-day or once a week service cycle which allows us to marshal or consolidate volumes much more. And then for more rapid turnaround to give people digital ways of getting that back it's a major change in terms of cost of sales. We always as part of Project Summit we're going to optimize the cost of sales across those three labor trucking and facilities. But actually changing that from a 24-hour rhythm to a once a week rhythm is super impactful.
Bill Meaney: So Andrew on the first one yes this is -- and we communicated that to our customers. This is beyond COVID. And in fact, this probably is something that could have happened before, but it's easier to actually get people to change their mindset in terms of how they want to be served given the current environment. Because if you think about the 24-hour SLAs than something that was historical in the business for decades. And the way people use the information that they retrieve now is very different. And quite frankly, lots of times they'd rather have it electronically. So yes this is -- COVID was -- it allowed us to have the catalyst to have that conversation with the customers, but it's permanent going forward.
Bill Meaney: On the storage side Kevin post-COVID-19 there – right now our surveys there's many customers that say that there will be no change as there – those that say that will be continuing on their current program. So no, we don't expect a major change in the trends that we're seeing on the storage. On data center, as we said is that we've seen actually continued building of our pipeline through COVID-19 and we expect that to continue to be strong on the other side. We can't tell you right now if our strong pipeline is just because of the momentum we were building into the – in the data center business as we were coming in or specific to COVID-19. But yes, there's nothing that we're hearing from customers that's saying that their demand post COVID-19 is going to be any different on the data center side than what we're seeing in terms of the positive momentum in the basis today.
