William Meaney: Thank you, Stuart. I just wish to make some quick comments before we open it up to Q&A. First, we’re very pleased by the strong financial and operating performance and this is punctuated by both the strong internal revenue growth both in storage and service, the continued expansion of EBITDA margins which when combined with internal revenue growth gave us around 4% internal EBITDA growth in the first half. Our new information governance in digitization services are finding real resonance with our customers as they look to us in helping them manage a hybrid physical and digital world. This is visible both in our financial results as well as the partnership announced with Google. Finally, we continue to be a standout as a high-yielding investment which continues to grow AFFO and EBITDA in the mid to upper single digits fueling continuing dividend growth. With that, I’d like the operator to turn it over to questions.
William Meaney: Okay. Good morning, George. What I would say is it’s fully implemented and probably has been for about 12 months in North America. I’d say we’re more than halfway through mark in Europe but you’re just starting to see the results. And you can see that when you actually – it’s the monkey math in the sense that as you know that the internal revenue growth and internal volume growth are done on a slightly different basis, but you can get a feel for the difference between, say, Western Europe and North America in terms of how much the internal revenue growth is coming from price and how much is volume. Still in Europe we’re still getting a lot of the internal revenue growth from volume whereas in North America we’re getting it all from price. And over time what we’re driving for is again to get more and more of our internal revenue growth from price in these mature markets as we try to maximize the yield or the NOI that we’re getting on the assets deployed rather than having to add racking to drive internal revenue growth. So I would say in North America we’re pretty much there and we continue – and in Europe we’re probably a little bit more than halfway there and we continue to look at developed markets to deliver somewhere between, say, 3%, 3.5% of internal price improvement going forward as we roll that program out into Western Europe. If we look at the emerging markets, we have just recently established four pricing centers or revenue management centers in those markets because we don’t want to just leave chips on the table. But you can expect us to continue to be more cautious in those markets to be too aggressive with price because those are markets that typically with a few exceptions – there’s some locations in Latin America and in Eastern Europe where we’re very comfortable with our market penetration but there are other areas where we’re still building market share. But we have actually initiated four regional centers of excellence in terms of revenue management even in the emerging markets now.
William Meaney: Well, we’re right now I think – we think that we have a pretty long runway to keep kind of that 3%, 3.5% if we’re looking just purely at developed markets. There was probably a little bit of catch-up because I think we are trending in the high – like the 3.5% to 4% at one point but we think the 3% to 3.5% in the current inflationary environment that we can continue to do that. So we feel pretty comfortable that we can get a little bit ahead of inflation in terms of the pricing and optimizing value for money that we’re providing our customers, especially as they’re coming to see us as a company that can support them on a number of fronts because the storage is just one part of the relationship between us and them. So they see – they’re actually even seeing more value that we provide from the storage part of the documents because of what we’re assisting them in doing on getting more revenue or insights from those documents going forward. So we feel pretty comfortable. It’s not kind of a one-and-done type thing that we can continue to drive in the developed markets that 3%, 3.5% annual price increase.
William Meaney: It’s a good point. I think we’ve called out a few times when it was kind of on the other side of the equation that especially as we go into more of the digitization project, which we’re really excited about, right. That’s also one of the reasons why we’ve established a partnership with Google. Those are going to be more lumpy, right. There is a recurring part of that especially the digitization projects that then rely on Iron Cloud to do the ongoing storage, so that would look more like a SaaS-type contract where there will be a recurring part of it. But there is many times a lumpy part of those contracts which is the initial digitization piece. So that is part of the thing that has driven that blip and that’s also why we – you’ll notice that I talked about it both the 7% plus that you’re referring to but also the 4% plus on the first half because there will be some movement back and forth. In addition to that, we did also have a very strong quarter on shred fueled partly by paper prices, partly because we’ve had some documents that have come off legal hold that are getting destroyed. So that fuels some of the – so I would consider that kind of a one-off destruction volume hit because of these documents that have come off legal hold. That’s not a usual occurrence. And then the other part is we obviously have won some new customers. So there are some one-off I would say aspects of even the shred business mainly around these legal hold documents but also you will see a little bit more movement up and down as these projects roll, even though that there’s a recurring aspect for both of these digitization projects.
William Meaney: So coming around the goose, so the one thing – I think last time you and I spoke about it is I said, look, we are pushing price so there is always the potential to be some slowdown from existing customers. The one thing I was encouraged this time – and so we do watch that, right. To say that there was no elasticity out there is probably not fair, although I think there’s less and less elasticity going forward especially as we broaden what we’re doing for the customers across this kind of hybrid digital physical world. But specifically we were encouraged that if you look at new volumes from existing customers, that stayed steady from last quarter to this quarter. So I don’t think there’s a – there may have been a little bit of an impact but I don’t – it’s not getting worse. So I think that’s kind of flattening out. So I think that’s encouraging that we can continue to drive the type of price increases that we’ve been pushing through. Knowing that, yes, it may slow down that a little bit. The big difference this quarter was really around these legal holds and you can see that – in terms of the destructions, that’s kicked up. And just to give you, put some context on that, so the thing is we’re – on a trailing 12 months if we look just at developed markets because developed markets is where we see this trend that you’re describing, right, which are the more mature markets. So if I just look at developed markets, we continue to get in about 28 million boxes a year on an internal basis before acquisitions on a trailing 12-month basis and that’s staying pretty steady, so we think that’s really good. So we don’t see it drop off on what new is coming in. Historically – you’ve watched the starts a long time, we average about 20 million boxes of destruction a year that go out. And now we’ve seen this uptick which is driven mainly around legal hold which both before and after the GFC. So during that period of time where the uptick on a percentage term turns out to be 2 million or 3 million boxes of additional destruction on that 20 million base. And we think it’s going to take some time for that to wash through. So if you said to a net-net where that all leaves, we’re still kind of in the same guidance that we’ve provided last time as I think that we do expect the developed markets to be flat plus or minus on the zero. We still see especially with the federal government and some of the middle market which is going to be also lumpy how those things come in. We will have some quarters that are going to be on the positive. We’re going to have some quarters that are on the negative. If you ask me looking forward over the next 12 to 14 months that they were going to have more quarters on the negative side of zero than the positive side, we think it’s going to be kind of in that range. So we don’t see an acceleration in terms of the drop off. And so we feel very comfortable that we can continue to drive the kind of internal revenue growth even from the developed markets that we’ve been able to achieve.
William Meaney: I think the next 12 to 24 months I think we’re going to be more in the negative side, but after that yes I think we’ll have some quarters that we’ll be in the positive column.
William Meaney: I wouldn’t say negative trend. I would say it’s going to be at about the same trend if I’m kind of looking through these legal holds that are kind of flowing through and I’m looking through in terms of how our pipeline is building with some of the less penetrated areas of our business before, which is the middle market and the federal government, then I would say if you kind of looked through that, I think we’re going to kind of be in the same volume trends – not trends I would say but kind of the same volume levels that we’re seeing right now on a quarter-by-quarter basis but not trending negatively but kind of staying in that kind of range. So I think we’re going to be probably on the negative side of zero. But I do see as the destruction levels go back up to normalized trends and looking at the forward pipeline if you’re saying to me do I think there’s going to be some quarters that will also be on the positive side, yes.
William Meaney: Well, I think if you look developed markets, right, to your point it kind of – let’s just put it in the total, it comes out to I think around 2.3%. And then if you do the kind of – if you do on a monkey math in terms of if you take the volume, you take the revenue and you get like around 2.3%, 2.4% in terms of price that we’ve got and we normally are getting 3%, 3.5% in that growth. There were some one-offs that were from a comparison last year that kind of suppressed that comparison. So we’re still tracking in that 3%, 3.5% of price increase on an annual basis in the developed market. So we don’t actually see it trending down. There were some one-offs in Q2 last year that made that comparison look – again, monkey match acknowledging that volumes on a trailing 12-month prices on year-over-year or revenues on year-over-year. But if you do the monkey math you get to 2.3%. But if you kind of correct for that, we’re still kind of in the 3%, 3.5% range. So we expect that to continue to trend.
William Meaney: Yes, that was what I was trying to highlight before is that there is kind of two aspects with a lot of these projects, not always but more and more especially since we’ve launched Iron Cloud. It is the part which is getting the information in digital format that they can either apply machine learning to or they can just taking physical documents and putting it into electronic documents. There’s a project aspect to that and that will continue to be lumpy. And then there’s the other aspect when they’re utilizing Iron Cloud, then that becomes more like a SaaS project. It’s an ongoing recurring revenue associated with that digital storage that we’re providing through Iron Cloud.
William Meaney: I think as we start up, you’re still going to see probably similar kind of lumpiness that you’ve seen historically, so I wouldn’t say that you’re going to see a major change in the next couple of quarters because the Iron Cloud we just launched in the last few months. So we’re just starting to get that, what I call that recurring base that comes from that aspect of it. But I’ll give you an example. We signed a market research company just recently which is a five-year contract which is just recurring revenue year-after-year-after-year, right, and we expect to renew after five years because it’s still going to need access to that data. But it’s going to take some time for the Iron Cloud to ramp which is the main part of the recurring. We do have some other projects that recur as well. But I think if you look at for the next few quarters, Shlomo, I think you’re going to see continued lumpiness.
William Meaney: And the only thing I would just add to what Stuart, Shlomo, on that is that it goes back to the pricing what we’re doing on yield management in developed markets. So if you look at North America for instance and you look at North America two years ago is our internal revenue growth was almost completely driven by volume. So we were adding racking to support that. Now we’re actually getting higher internal revenue growth out of North America and we’re doing that without any additional racking or nearly – almost no additional racking. We thought to add racking in a couple places but much less racking than we have to do to drive that. And you can see that in a chart that we introduced this time around looking at NOI growth in terms of our records management business is we’ve grown it not only on absolute terms but we also have grown it on a square foot basis. So we are getting much better yield also out of mature markets and that allows us where we had to spend money on racking before is to be able to reallocate that.
William Meaney: Thanks, Sheila. It’s a great question. So first of all we’re really – I think I said this last time, we’re really pleased and we’re pleased with the assets that we have but we’re really pleased with the people assets. In fact, Mark Kidd had an offsite with his management team I think it was about 10 days ago that I went and spent a little bit of time with them. And the level of engagement, the expertise, the customer relationships that those folks have brought across both at IO and Eric for EvoSwitch, for instance, was in the room as well that he’s bringing in terms of strengthening our position in Europe is fantastic. So I feel really both fortunate the people that we were able to get as part of the acquisition and just the sense of their engagement, motivation and excitement of being at Iron Mountain because a number of them felt like they were capital constrained before we bought them because obviously their companies were getting ready for sale, et cetera. So I think the excitement is really good and the talent that we got is really good. I think where we’re continuing to work through on the integration, I wouldn’t say we’re all done on the integration. I think the people integration were pretty far along but we still have some operating systems that were still standardizing and integrating because obviously every time you buy one of these companies, they have their own operating system. So we’re still integrating across that. In terms of the cross selling, yes, we’ve seen it in both ways. So we have a relationship with pretty much, on the Iron Mountain side with all of the – almost all the large global financial service customers. And as a result of that, some of the data center folks have been able to expand their footprint using the Iron Mountain relationships in those financial service customers which they were unable to before. And on the other side even we’ve had cases where say IO was serving a bank but they didn’t have the northern Virginia location and we’ve already seen cross selling within the data center business of being able to take customers that we might have been serving in northern New Jersey, for instance, into our northern Virginia facility which has been also great in terms of retention of some of the sales folks that we’ve been able to get through these acquisitions because we’ve effectively given them more shelf space or more product on the shelf that they can sell. So we’ve seen revenue synergies, if you will, by just building the footprint and getting our sales people more product to sell by geographical expansion. And then we’ve also seen some relationships that we’ve had on the records management side that we’ve been able to facilitate so they can actually add new logos. So, so far it seems to be really positive.
William Meaney: We’re excited about the Google partnership. So to me it’s kind of little bit the Reese's peanut butter cup, right. I don’t know who’s the chocolate and who’s the peanut butter. But I guess it depends on which you like. I like chocolate better so I’ll stick with the chocolate. But I think that it was one of these things where I think we were both looking at this. We continue to work with our customers and our customers continue to come to us especially as they go through their digital transformation on how we can help them in this hybrid digital and physical world. And because we have a lot of their physical content, we’ve been historically helping them digitize that and we have their trust. You were a natural person for them to come to. So we started looking at could we find a partner that would help facilitate some of the machine learning, because we’re not an artificial intelligence or machine learning company but we know how to actually ingest data, tag it and put it together in a way that actual machine learning can efficiently be applied to that and then store the results afterwards in a secure – both the cyber secure and from an intellectual property secure methodology. So we had actually independently started looking at this space. We’ve hired a number of people from the tech community. Fidelma Russo, as you know, that we brought over from EMC about 14, 18 months ago. She’s systematically recruited a team not just for this area but for a number of areas where we think technology can really drive new revenue streams for the company. So we’ve brought in a number of people that actually have developed what we call records management as a service, this product offering. At the same time Google has been looking at that space. And if you kind of look at – I think you have to ask Google but when I speak with Google, the reason why they were attracted to us really is kind of two levels. One is that we have such a deep trusting relationship with 950 of the Fortune 1000 and we truly are a B2B marketing and selling organization, which is slightly different than Google. The other thing is, is we have that trusted position and we have tons of data. So if you look at the medical records, for instance, we have 850 million medical records. Now it’s not going to be our decision to do this. This is our customers come to us and say they want to try to get more insight and do things faster and better in a more compliant way with their information. So when we have those opportunities, coming to your question who’s selling it? Iron Mountain is selling. And we put something together for the customer and transparently if the customer says, yes, we want to actually apply machine learning to that, Google as you know is one of the strongest machine learning artificial intelligence companies around and has the scale to actually do these type of applications on a global footprint, not just in the United States. So we’re really excited. It’s early days and as we say we’ll launch it in September. So we’ve already done proof of concepts in a couple of industry verticals and we were at Google next last week speaking about it and Google was also speaking about it.
William Meaney: Because we’re looking at a number of different markets, there is a mix issue. In other words, it depends on how much hyperscale, how much smaller colo and obviously retail has a different pricing per kilowatt. In terms of the trend, we continue to see – first of all, we are emphasizing on the top 20 global markets, top 10 in the U.S. and top 10 in international and those markets by their own definition have the highest absorption rate. So we continue to see very strong demand pipeline. You noticed that we announced the expansion of the Phoenix campus, for instance, with the first 24 megawatts being available by July next year, so about a year’s time. We do that based on the pipeline of commercial deals that we see coming in. So we really remain very bullish on the data center segment especially in these high absorption markets which we’re focused on.
William Meaney: You’re picking up the general right now, because what we’ve done is we’ve had that the art segment as you highlighted before and we this year have actually taken the entertainment services which used to be part of data management and we’ve put that together with art, because whist the – a number of the customers are obviously different is the way we go to market and the type of services that we offer whether it’s the entertainment services or the art market are very similar. So when you look at those businesses, they do tend to have growth rates that are on an organic basis in the mid to upper single digits. And we can see that consistently. And we’re also seeing – we’re getting some synergies on that. But we’ll provide more guidance as we go forward. But right now we’ve put it in the corporate segment because it’s actually still relatively small to the whole.
William Meaney: I think we would be close because the way that the data centers – look, the data centers have a higher margin. Even when they stabilizes we say they’re kind of 55% let’s roughly margins. That being said, between now and 2020 because of the growth in the data center business if we’re not running that portfolio on a fully stabilized basis, over time you can expect that that’s going to give us more tailwinds behind our margin expansion. But between now and 2020 given the development pipeline, it may add a little bit but still the bulk of our growth is in the core business.
William Meaney: Yes, and you can see that in the results that we’re printing now. We’re actually continuing to grow EBITDA and this is – and a lot of the data centers not fully stabilized now. So it’s adding a little bit benefit but the bulk of the benefit is what we’ve been able to drive through the integration of recall, transformation and the general health of the business and then you layer on revenue management. So the bulk of the – coming back to the margin expansion, over time though I would say once you get beyond 2020 and every year as the data center business continues to go, obviously that’s going to just fuel the EBITDA margin growth even more.
Stuart Brown: Just to add on to what Bill said, there was – remember we’re cycling over a strong first quarter and NA RIM a year ago and there were some one-time benefits on an annualized basis, not a big number but impacted the second quarter by probably about 40 basis points. So actually you’re sort of – if you normalize for that you wouldn’t see the same trend you’re seeing.
Stuart Brown: You’ll see more – I think we’ll be able to continue to deliver growth on the records management side. I think what you see from a capital discipline standpoint what we’ve done is we’ve gotten – we’re building less in advance before we’re building out racking sort of two to three years in advance on the storage side. So we’re able to continue to keep the records management growth. We may not be building out quite as much. So we’ve been able to take some of that capital, reallocate that to the data center business. And so as you’re taking the strong base that we have from EvoSwitch with a strong ongoing earnings revenue, take customers out of their existing data centers, expand them out. You’re seeing us get good preleasing on the development side, so we’ll continue to get earnings expansion from that and the strong capital returns. The capital returns from a racking is obviously the best returns and we’ll continue to allocate capital there as we have the opportunities. But the data center business I think longer term is really going to continue to create the most value for shareholders as you’re developing those assets at a low to mid-teens return in a business that’s got cap rates that are mid to upper single digits. So that creates a lot of value for shareholders.
Stuart Brown: Right, exactly. There was a lease termination fee. SimpliVity paid a lease termination fee after they got acquired last year. It was about $4 million.
Stuart Brown: When you look at sort of our margin outlook and our 2020 guidance, you sort of get an ongoing call it up and down a little bit to sort of 60, 70, 80 basis point margin expansion per year. And so a piece of that is obviously continued efficiency improvements, some of those efficiency improvements will drop to the bottom line, some of that will continue to reinvest in back office improvements and the customer service initiatives – customer solutions that Bill talked about, so some of that will get reinvested. Obviously we get margin expansion as well from revenue management so that contributes to it as well. And over time as the data center business grows, that’s a higher margin business also. So that just from the mix standpoint will wake that up.
Stuart Brown: And most of that is coming from the real estate consolidation. Most of the benefits are flowing through what we talked about is the piece that would be trailing would largely be around the real estate consolidation just because it takes a little while to set that up.
Stuart Brown: And just to come back on the supplemental, when you look at that, the majority of that change is really the layering in of EvoSwitch during the quarter.
Stuart Brown: And the other thing to remember is Artex which is the art business that’s really been focused on the museums was acquired late – was closed late in the quarter and so that had very small impact. But that integration was going well already.
Stuart Brown: The only thing I’ll add, Shlomo, is that we did update the 2020 plan after we bought IO. We actually increased the margins at that time. So we had already made an adjustment for that.
Stuart Brown: We’ll probably answer – if you look at the trends rates that we’ve been hitting and the benefits of the revenue management program, we probably would be exceeding those targets.
