William Leo Meaney: Thank you, Stuart. We are pleased with our underlying results as well as our progress with integrating Recall and at a high level we should think about it as we've issued 20% more shares to purchase Recall. In less than six months in on a Q3 to Q3 basis we have seen revenues up 26%, Adjusted OIBDA is up 29%, and AFFO is up 27%. All this has allowed us to increase our dividend per share by 13% and do this three months sooner than predicted. With that, I'd like to take questions.
William Leo Meaney: Good morning, George. I think as we noticed what we expect is that service revenue for 2016 to be flat based on the pipeline that we've looked at, and then for 2017, we expect – we'll give you further guidance in February, but I think you can expect a slight improvement on 2017 based on what I see in the pipeline right now. But you're right, as we now have more and more is project based is we need to take that into effect as the core services decline as the business becomes more archival. But right now, I would say 2016 is going to be flat, in 2017 we expect – we'll give you more later in February, but I would expect that it's going to be a slight improvement on 2016.
William Leo Meaney: That was a good try George. But I think you know what I'm going to say about the upside. Because right now we're very pleased that we're getting it faster. I think we're – we still remain optimistic that there'll be upside as when we get into the real estate consolidation, but obviously that's a longer term. I think the biggest fuel to being able to get it faster, the answer was cultural. That when – you always – when you have a competitor across you, you always tend to think they are more different than yourself, but actually when we brought the two organizations, there was a lot of common understanding and common way of doing things. And the result of that was we were able to bring the teams together much faster, because especially these early synergies are mainly head count related. So let's say we weren't – we are not going deeper than we expected in terms of the head count reductions, but the speed at which we were able to align processes and then release people was much faster than we plan. So I would say it's probably that the key driver has been cultural. But let's say in terms of further upside is we still remain focused, but we think there is going to be further upside when we start consolidating the facilities, but that's more in the midterm rather than the near term.
William Leo Meaney: I'll let Stuart answer that. As he highlighted, is FFO looks a little bit odd right now because of some of the onetime issues in terms of bringing the two companies together and especially some of the integration costs wasn't tax deductible. But I don't know, Stuart you may want to comment in terms of how FFO gets normalized or starts running in more of a clean fashion (36:29).
William Leo Meaney: And the one thing – just to add is that I'm not saying that FFO doesn't matter, but the thing that in terms of driving that cash both to invest in the business and dividend growth is obviously AFFO is the main thing because it's the more pure thing that has purely focused on cash, because as Stuart pointed out on FFO, there are some non-cash items that don't get added back to FFO where they do you get added back to AFFO. So not saying that it's not important, but the cleaner measure in terms of cash generation of the business going forward is for sure, especially the way our business operates is the AFFO metric.
William Leo Meaney: Good morning, Shlomo. So actually it's pretty much consistent with what we've said. I think I've always said on the calls for the last, I would say few quarters that it's really the transportation and I'd say that's generally down between high single digits, low double digits in terms of revenue. So it's continuing – we've continued to see the trend. As I said before, I think on a couple calls ago, we see a kind of a flattening out of that archival drop in transportation when we look at the paper storage business or the record storage side of the business, but in the data management, it's still a little bit lagging that transition into becoming more about backup and recovery rather than rotating the tape. So – and we still aren't declaring a bottom. So if you say going forward, I'd still expect that we're going to see transportation declines in the tape business still in the high single digit, low double digit level, so it's really – it's not the projects that are driving that. It's the transportation decline. So I mean the good news if you look at the storage, as we said that the storage, both on a revenue and a volume basis, if you look at revenue quarter-on-quarter, we're up a little over 2%. If you look at a trailing 12 months in terms of volume, we're up 2%, and to keep in mind is if we look at the margins of the business and the profitability of the business, whilst I think services is important, it's first the most important in terms of differentiating our storage product because that's where we build the reliability in and through the robustness of our transportation, but the part that's driving the cash in the business, we continue to be pleased with. But if you're asking me just specific on transportation, I have to say that I expect it to continue to decline in the high single, low double digits for a few more quarters because we still seem to be behind the transition that we've pretty much worked most of the way through on the records management side.
William Leo Meaney: No, no, you're right because it was kind of mid single digit decline, I think in the quarter that you're referring to, Shlomo, so you've got a very good memory. I think that specifically we do see – if you look at, especially in our film and sound, this includes our film and sound business, is we do have specific projects with some of the studios that rotate in and rotate out, and whilst it does drive the top line in terms of the revenue, again, if you come down to in terms of – if you backup and say, you see even though that we've lost that project which so you're now seeing kind of raw more the transportation decline and you see in some quarters, it hasn't affected our ability in terms of driving overall profit growth. But you're right, we do see those – and those typically, I'm not saying all, but most of those lumpy projects come in our film and sound unit.
William Leo Meaney: I think we've – if you remember, we talked about there is a specific customer that we have in Other International that was going through a specific kind of – I would say a legacy destruction project. So you see that kind of still flushing through.
William Leo Meaney: I think we've been calling it out now for about three quarters, so I think we've got now one or two more quarters because it's a trailing 12 months, so you have to kind of see the 12 months. We can go back and check. But I think we've been calling it out for about three quarters, so you probably got one more quarter to kind of flush that through.
William Leo Meaney: The Marmite question. I don't know if you follow in the U.K. they're talking about the price of Marmite. So, right now it hasn't had a big impact to date because it's more of a translation issue. You're right, it does show up in our numbers, but it's a translation issue only at once you get to the profit numbers. So we don't have the double whammy that some companies have where they have a manufacturing cost issue that they are selling into the U.K., and then they have the translation issue. So that being said, we are sensitive to the translation issue, but right now you don't see a major impact in the numbers. And we've built that in going into our guidance for 2017.
William Leo Meaney: Actually not quite because when you go through the P&L, you remember when we had FX going against us for so many quarters over the past couple years, right. If you go from the top line, you start getting a dampening as you go down through the P&L, because we actually have costs in that local market that get absorbed that are also lower when you translate it. So it's a little bit less. You're right to think about it as kind of a start point, but it actually gets mitigated. I don't know Stuart if you want to talk a little bit more detail about it.
William Leo Meaney: Well, I think you have to – good morning, Andy. I think that you have to kind of see the overall trend. If you go back kind of three years ago, right, I think we've been going at steady march forward. And I'm saying on a quarter-by-quarter basis, you can see some noise, like in any business, but if you think it on an annual to annual basis as we continue to march forward – and I think we're one of the largest implementers of salesforce.com. I think we've got the salesforce much more organized and aligned. We did the big organization three years ago. That's starting to bear fruit. And as you know, as being a long observer of this business, nothing happens fast, but you have to put certain foundations and building blocks. So, my – I wouldn't say it's any one thing. I think a lot of it goes back to what we did. And I wouldn't say last quarter's performance was because of noise of Recall. It's just that on a quarter-by-quarter basis, it does move around. But we're starting to see that whilst this isn't a high-growth business, there is still growth to be achieved which I know is counterintuitive, but I think this business will be running longer than the iPhone franchise, right. I mean, I know a lot of people in their stomach don't believe that, but if you look at the results, we continue to drive positive organic growth out of the business. And I think the new organization gets better and better every quarter of doing that. I'm not saying the sky's the limit, but I would continue – we continue to expect to get more out of even the developed markets on an organic basis going forward, albeit these are small incremental improvements, not large swings.
William Leo Meaney: Well, we don't think about pricing in isolation. What I do feel, I talked about it a little bit on my call – in my script, or when I was going through my remarks saying that innovation is an important part. And one of the things bringing the two organizations together, it gives us not only a larger customer base, but it gives us more capacity to innovate, and that innovation resonates with our customers. What we're finding, especially for the regulated customers that have to worry about compliance in so many different jurisdictions, the fact that we can give them better solutions around information governance is a differentiating factor. And you can say, do they pay for the product, or do they pay more for the storage? And sometimes, it's built up in the storage cost or pricing and sometimes it's built up in the product, but what we do find is that the world is getting more complex, especially for the heavily regulated industries. And bringing the two companies together does give us more economies of scale to do that kind of R&D, and that is resonating with customers. So I wouldn't – I think that's the way I think about the power of bringing the two companies together. It just gives us a deeper pool, if you will, to innovate around. And that – and so far, it's early days, but I've spent a fair amount of time in – with different customers. We had a top financial service customer forum in Louisiana in June. I just came back from one in Europe a couple weeks ago. And there's even more excitement that I'm hearing from our large customers about bringing the two companies together rather than less, because they're expecting even more in the way of innovation. The other thing I would highlight is it's early days, but I also expect we've reorganized the North American sales force again a little bit in light of bringing Recall in. They were, as I said, much better at running after the middle market, which is a higher-margin segment. And a lot of it is unvended, and we haven't been as present there as Iron Mountain, whereas Recall was more present. And so now the head of North American sales is the person from Recall, who's driving the charge, not just in terms of our traditional segment in the enterprise, but he also has two new leaders that are helping drive more penetration into the middle market, which we expect over time to start coming through. It's early days, you don't see that in the numbers today, but I would expect to see an improvement in those areas.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. Good morning, Karin. So I think that the – when you get into the – and you can probably appreciate I'm not going to give you probably as much detail as you want because of the confidential nature when you're dealing with both commercial parties, but also the different regulating authorities. But I think it's much – there is certain science about it. I mean, we had certain requirements that we have to hit, but when you actually start negotiating with sellers, each seller -each buyer, rather, I should say, has different parameters that they're interested in. And lining that up, that makes sense for the regulator and makes sense for us commercially is something that we work through. So, I think, the – hence my comment is that we're lighter on cash that we're getting from these dispositions, but we're quite pleased in terms of where we're coming out commercially. So, I think, everybody wins on those things. So, I think, that's about all I can – I think you can probably appreciate that's all I can say given the confidential nature of these discussions. But I think it's a good platform. And you can see that in our guidance for next year. In other words, we're not taking down guidance for next year, because we ended up lighter on cash. And we still believe that we'll get to the leverage numbers that we expect.
William Leo Meaney: ...appreciate. But I think the best way to unpack it is if you look at the guidance we're giving for 2017 and beyond, as you say, I wouldn't even say it's noise in terms of our – you don't see a blip in terms of where we're going to end up in 2017. You definitely don't see any change in terms of where we're going to end up in 2020. So, I think, it's – these are – you think about NPV calculations, these are kind of trade-offs that you make between cash today, platforms, et cetera. So, I think, it's – we're comfortable where we came out.
William Leo Meaney: But I think one thing Karin, just to keep in mind on that is we've gone from – the thing that I think is amazing in terms of the way that the debt markets have gotten the Iron Mountain story is we've gone from 68% to 74% fixed, and at the same time, we've taken our cost of debt – I mean, Stuart correct me, but I think it's down by about 80 bps or 90 bps in terms of the average cost of debt. We're now at 5.1%. And before we did this latest refinancing that fixed even more of our debt, we were at 5.8%, 5.9%. So, to me, it's an interesting reflection that the debt markets definitely get the durability of Iron Mountain's business, and they're rewarding for it. So, if you think about where we are now, it's in a – we're in a much sweeter spot. Not that we're in a bad spot before, but we're in a – even a stronger spot in terms of the debt markets than we were a few months ago.
William Leo Meaney: Let me answer – I'll let Stuart address in terms of the intangibles flow through, but I think just specifically your question on the tax and where that flows through, I think you can kind of appreciate, when we knew the number of heads that came up – because the diligence on a public company is different than the diligence on a private company, so we had pretty clear view, and you can see that in terms of our improvement on AFFO of where we were actually getting the restructuring savings. The issue is, and it's specifically in the U.S., right, because that's where we have the tax deductibility or non-tax deductibility, depending on if it's in the QRS or the TRS or the qualified REIT subsidiary or the non-qualified subsidiary is when we got into the U.S., a lot of the cost savings were in the part of Recall that would be in terms of the qualified REIT subsidiary. And that was where we didn't get the deductibility. It doesn't affect international, because although we do have split between qualified in non-qualified subsidiaries, you remember that internationally we get fully taxed in those local entities, because the U.S. REIT rules don't apply. It's important in terms of the way we repatriate money back into the United States for dividends, but it's not important in the local tax scheme. So, it's specifically a U.S. situation. And as we finished the restructuring, I'd say, there'll be a little bit more of that next year. And that's built into our guidance, because we now have clear view of what the restructuring is left that's in the qualified REIT subsidiary versus not, so we know where the tax deductibility is. But I think you can probably appreciate when you're buying a public company trying to have that level of detail until you actually get into the restructuring, that's where you get into the tax deductibility. But you think about it in terms of the ability, whilst cash taxes does affect AFFO as well, we're starting to actually get through those one-time restructuring charges, then we're still in line with what we think the total cost of the integration project is. But I know – Stuart, you may want to talk about the intangibles.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. Now, just thank you. Appreciate everybody joining us this morning. And wish you all – as we start into the holiday season, a good holiday season. So, have a good day.
Stuart B. Brown: Another thing – this is Stuart. Another thing I'd add quickly is that just our procurement teams have done a really great job going through and comparing contracts too at the better pricing and starting to capture that upside. Everything from facilities, management cost in the third party that we used to help us with that to the paper business. So there's a number of things they are working hard on.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. We're starting to get more of a regular run rate, right? You'll expect on a year-over-year basis for the year you'll continue to see some amortization impact. The tax rate as well. While this year there has been some normalization items, so we brought our FFO guidance down this year. A lot of this has been due to integration costs and how those have hit. So our guidance next year for FFO in flowing all the way down has got a tax rate around 17% or 19%, so that's the only thing that will get normalized.
Stuart B. Brown: Yes, it's pretty simple really. So, if you look at the change in guidance which on a total dollars basis is about $80 million or at the midpoint on FFO was about $0.35, you get the biggest piece of it's tax expense and it's really about half of it, and the reason for that is that the integration costs out of Recall are really hitting in the REIT subsidiary, so you're not getting any tax benefit from those and that is different from what we had originally assumed. You've got about a third of it is coming from the amortization of customer intangibles, right, that's really came out of purchase accounting and as we finalize purchase accounting, I'll point out that that's not in cash, so that you get that added back in AFFO. So that's about a third of it. And the last piece of it is really interest expense and that's the rest of it and that's really the timing as we talked about the divestment proceeds and a little bit lower proceeds from that on a cash basis.
Stuart B. Brown: It mostly will hit this year. There'll be a little bit next year. But next year we'll have it built into our – into the tax expectations in the guidance. We got that built in now, how that's going to flow through.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. When the Q gets published there is a line by line of all the currency changes, remember. And some of that currency change gets offset by the strengthening in Canada and some of the other currencies. So the net effect is not as big as you may think it is of that current, as it flows through the full P&L, but in the Q, we'll detail that out specifically.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. So, maintenance CapEx and non-real estate investments will be about $170 million, we've got built into guidance right now and again, we'll finalize that and update it in February if we need to. And so, total, together, is about 4.5% of revenue.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah total – I don't have the line balance with me. Total liquidity right about now is about $1.1 billion. You got to remember, we did one of the debt offerings right at the very end of the quarter, so we had the cash sitting on the balance sheet and has not paid off the credit facility. And then in addition, in October, we did the $50 million mortgage notes, so that brought down the balance as well. Sitting sort of fixed to floating, we call it, 74% today, we're continuing to sort of evaluate where we are in the cycle. I think, over time, you'll see us stay in the 70% to 80% range. My personal view would be to try to continue to push that up a little bit, given where the world is today. But we're right in the middle of what our target range is.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah. I mean just compared to the end of last quarter, our average interest rate is basically flat despite fixing all that debt and terming it out, so.
Stuart B. Brown: Yeah – no. The customer intangibles as well that was something that was highly influx last quarter, so we were – it started to flow through in the second quarter, but we were still between that and the racking in the lives of the assets and things like that. We're still working through a lot of those valuations, so we've not fully flowed that through our forecast for the rest of the year. So, could we have forecasted better? Maybe, but it's getting updated now. The other thing I'd point out though to, as we've gone through and clean up and reconciled these things, I'm going to turn to AFFO for a second is if you go back and look at second quarter AFFO, we actually had understated that by around $10 million. That's because we had a – for Mexico REIT subsidiary, we had some onetime tax – integration cost or tax that we had to pay to restructure that entity. Those costs had actually been accrued as part of purchase accounting, never went through the P&L. Because it was a cash tax payment, it has actually gotten picked up as a reduction of the FFO last quarter, but it was one time in nature. Those are the types of things we exclude. So, if you go back and look at second quarter, AFFO was actually better and our trends, and that's one of things we talked about, AFFO guidance being above the midpoint for the year. That gives us comfort.
