William Leo Meaney: I think the – Andy, I think there's two aspects. One is the – one set of data, if we look at the price changes measured in revenue in terms of constant dollar storage, it's quarter-on-quarter. And when we look at volume, it's trailing 12 months. So, you can't quite put the two of them together. But if you kind of look at North America, North America is achieving similar types net volume growth organically, or before acquisitions, as we were last year. So, it's actually up in terms of volume. We've had some pricing adjustments this quarter due to some renewals, which I think we talked about a little bit on Investor Day. It's not unusual during certain times of the year. And if you go back over, say, the last two to three years, you'll see that we have maybe two, three, four quarters of positive internal storage revenue growth in North America and then it's punctuated by one or two quarters generally of negative, which is usually associated when we're doing renewals. But you can't – because one set of data, in terms if we look at the revenue side, is quarter-by-quarter, you can't link that to volume, which is just on trailing 12 months. I don't know, Rod, if you want to add anything to that.
William Leo Meaney: The only thing I would add, Andy, from a modeling standpoint, it's still what we've been saying consistently is that, so the volume – you can back out the volume increases that we're getting both in North America and in Europe. So that's easy. And then, in terms of the revenue increase, we still are achieving somewhere between 0.5% to 1% annual price increase in those markets. So, we're a little bit – we're starting to move a little bit more towards the upper part in that range through some of the technology we've added, but it's basically in that 0.5% to 1% on top of the volume growth that we're getting.
William Leo Meaney: Hi, Kevin. I appreciate the question. I think if you can imagine that the regulators like these discussions to be kept confidential as we go through them. I think the – but I mean just to give you guidance, I think it's pretty much what we said at Investor Day is, we're engaged with the four regulatory authorities that have shown interest in the transaction, which is the U.S., Canada, the UK, as you mentioned, and Australia. We feel that we're well engaged with those authorities, so on track for a Q1 close and the discussions are ongoing. But where we sit today, we feel good that it's in line with our expectations when we set out on the course. So, nothing has changed. I mean, generally, these things take six months to 12 months, when you go through a regulatory process in the United States, for instance, but we continue to guide at the lower end of that range because we feel good where we stand.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah, look, you're right. I mean you've watched this for a long time. There's ebbs and flows. I'm not sure you can always do the cause and effect between perm-outs (29:07) and destructions, but – and customer withdrawals, but I think the – there is ebb and flow between the two. And the other thing I should point out is the new sales growth is, it's part art and part science, because some of that new sales growth comes from existing customers. And that split between new sales growth and what comes from "existing customers" is much to do in terms of the way we compensate our sales force. In other words, if they get something – if they get some growth out of an existing customer, but we deemed it as a new area or new location or new department, then we call that a new sale. So I think there is some ebb and flow between the two. And as you know, if we look at the heavily regulated industries, which we have a – which is a big part of our business, is a lot of that's affected by different litigation that's going on around the world. So I think there is some cause and effects, but I wouldn't overplay it. There's a certain amount of randomness to it.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. I'll let Rod answer that. I think just on a high level, there's a couple things. I think one is if you even look over time, we're pretty good at driving productivity out of the business. Because when you start off, what I was saying earlier is that, we get – currently, in this low inflation environment, we get somewhere between 0.5% to 1% increase in price. Obviously, our labor cost in certain markets goes up faster than that. So, we continually drive productivity through the business. And that's what really drives our OIBDA growth. And then, I think you can expect also when some of the transformation gets fully realized, now that we're through most of the restructuring cost in this quarter, you could expect that that will even pick up a little bit more. But, Rod, you may want to comment further.
William Leo Meaney: I think on the emerging markets, we're seeing it pretty much across the board, but it depends on the size of the base. So, for instance, I just came back from Eastern Europe and took couple of members of the board along with me so they could see up close what we're doing out there and also see some of the talent we've got. So, Eastern Europe is growing – continues to grow extremely well so does in Latin America. I mean, the challenge in Latin America, Brazil, which is our largest operation, for instance, is in terms of growth. And if you measure it in Brazilian real, it is strongly double-digit and continues to do well. I mean, the issue, of course, in places like Brazil is the translation of that because the real's been under pressure. And then Asia, which is a smaller portion of our portfolio, but again has very strong growth rates, whether you look at India, or you look at places like Hong Kong, Singapore and China. The one thing I would point out, though, is that in markets – even in markets like Brazil, where we've been under pressure from a real standpoint, so when you translate that in U.S. dollars, the growth may be muted slightly, is we've also been able – in some of these cases like Brazil, been able to borrow locally in real, which has helped to hedge some of that translation. But I would say pretty much across the board. We haven't seen any slowdown in the emerging markets and all the countries typically run in that low double-digit of internal growth before acquisitions.
William Leo Meaney: The only thing I'd like to add to that, Andrew, is that, whilst you've seen the FX headwinds in revenue, you'll note that it gets muted pretty quickly as we start going through the OIBDA and the EPS line. And the – where we are at a stage is, in some sense the timing is not bad for us because we are using strong U.S. dollars to invest and build out this portfolio, which is still a relatively small portion in terms of the countries where the currency is mostly impacted, which is in the emerging markets. I'm not saying that the other markets aren't a factor. So, if you say 40% of our sales are in foreign currency, but the currencies that are impacted typically are in that, a little less than 15% emerging market area. And those are areas where our OIBDA margins at this point are lower because we're building scale in those markets. So we're taking strong U.S. dollars to build out these markets right now. And their impact – even with the negative FX impact, the impact on OIBDA in earnings is muted. It's obviously fully affected at the revenue line, but when you see what happens to earnings, it's muted. So, I agree you need to model it out, but the earnings is not as sensitive as you might think to the FX, whereas you do see the full sensitivity on the revenue line. That's why we feel comfortable about already starting to increase our dividend because we feel that we've got enough momentum in the business that we can continue and start back on our growth trend in terms of dividends.
William Leo Meaney: Sure. Shlomo, let me start off and then Rod can add any color that he thinks that I missed out. So I think, first, let's look at the revenue growth. So if you go back, say, to Q4 2013, right, and you just look at the number of quarters, you'll see that North American storage rental revenue growth has gone negative 0.4%, negative 0.3%, plus 0.3%, plus 0.4%, plus 0.9%, plus 0.5%, and then in the last two quarters a negative 0.1% and negative 0.3%. So you'll see, first of all, which I was referring to earlier, you'll see that moving around and you can kind of get that – you can back into that through the supplemental. And so, on the revenue side, because as you can appreciate when we renegotiate large enterprise deals that you do get – in any given quarter, you can get a significant impact in terms of the revenue associated per cube. So there's a disconnect between that volume growth. Over a long period of time, though – if you look at the trend over a long period of time, we still see, if you take the revenue growth and if you look on an annualized basis, we're getting between 0.5% and 1% in terms of price per cube growth, then you get those two bits combined and that will give you a good guide in terms of what the internal storage revenue growth is for a particular market. So, the – you're right to point out that we continue to drive significant – I'd say on a percentage basis relatively small percentage growth in North America, but in terms of volume, because of the size of the North American business, as you know, the law of large numbers, we continue to deliver a significant amount of organic cube volume growth in North America. And over a 12-month period, you should think about 0.5% to 1% price growth on top of that cube growth. But any given quarter, depending on where we are in renewal cycle, especially for the large contracts, if you go back over the last, I don't know, eight quarters, nine quarters, 10 quarters, you'll see that movement around where we'll have one or two quarters where it'll be negative, two quarters or three quarters will be positive and it just kind of moves around.
William Leo Meaney: Yeah. Well, look, I think that it's a little bit is what I think Kevin asked earlier in terms of kind of tos-and-fros between customer cycles, there's a bit of that. I think, also, it's fair to say on a percentage basis, it is coming down slightly because, I mean, partly driven by customer activity, but a big part of it is just the large number. So if you look at the constant – if you look at the volume of cubes coming in, we're still seeing very consistently across the board 30 million cubes coming in on a growth level and, say, 40 million cubes net coming in. I think the one of the things that we do where you'll see us try to even tap into another market, which we think is quite large, is what we're doing in the mid-market. So I think if you look at where we are on the mid-market side, I think I actually misquoted is we're in kind of low double-digit growth, if we look at year-on-year bookings for new sales across the board. But in the mid-market, year-to-date, we're up over 60% in terms of bookings in the mid-market where we only have 10% market share. So I think there's some things where we can tap into "another large market", but I think it is fair to say that if you look at our core, our normal hunting ground, if you will, it's the law of large numbers and there is a limit in terms of how much more we can get from those customers.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. Thank you, operator. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us. I know it's a busy time for everyone, but just to sum up. We're very pleased the way the quarter came out. It was a very good quarter driven by the strong – or continued strong operating performance I should say and has delivered profit that set the upper end of our expectations. So we feel really good about the quarter and hence the recommencing of our dividend increases that we declared this morning. So, thank you, everyone, and have a good day.
Roderick Day: No, I think that's right. It's difficult to do the comparisons on a true like-for-like basis, as you said.
Roderick Day: No. I think we're happy with the capital structure that we have at the moment, particularly having paid off the very high interest notes that we had. Effectively, what we'd like to do is hold what we have, see what happens through the Recall deal, which is to say we anticipate it to close in early Q1, but we're still working through the regulatory process there. It gives us some capital to assist with that on closure, if you like. But – so we're going to kind of hold what we've got and see how we get on with Recall.
Roderick Day: Yeah, maybe just to build on what you're saying, you're absolutely right in terms of the point that was made. If you look at our guidance – take the C$ guidance that we updated at Investor Day, in effect what we're saying is that from a revenue point of view, we see ourselves at the middle of the range, and contribution, we see ourselves more towards the higher point of the range. And obviously, therefore the OIBDA margin goes up. Really, what's behind that is the work that we've been doing on efficiencies around service margin and also around the Transformation efforts that we've referenced. Some of that has come through in 2015 faster than we originally anticipated when we set the guidance back in January. And really, that's what's behind the improvement we're seeing.
Roderick Day: Well, really, obviously, we deal in quite a number of currencies in terms of what's impacting our numbers. And I think in terms of the short-term impact, the – where we've seen the hit is being Canadian dollar, Russian ruble, Aussie dollar, the Brazilian real and Colombian peso. So they've been hitting us during Q3. If you were to take a longer term view, so more looking year-on-year, there sort of wider effects coming in from sterling in particular, where obviously also we have quite a significant business.
Roderick Day: No, nothing particularly unusual in Q3. Obviously, other than the fact, we actually booked the $9 million restructuring charge, which actually lowered the margin slightly. I think as we look to Q4, again, sitting here today, I'm not seeing anything particularly unusual that should come through. Obviously, we won't have a repeat of the $9 million charge and there would be some benefit from that actually hitting us in Q4 as a result of the slightly lower cost base. But other than that, I think it's pretty much steady as she goes.
Roderick Day: It was actually to do with our – predominantly to do with our data center business where we had some costs that were in the service line that we really analyze where (42:53) we thought they should be in the storage line. So that sort of artificially enhanced the service margin in Q3. So we didn't want to give the impression that we were – the true underlying run rate was 28.5%, which is what we recorded, that is more like 26%, 26.8%. So that – it was just a reallocation of cost following a more detailed reviewing.
Roderick Day: In that case, it has a very, very minor impact, but – so it doesn't affect our assets as such (43:31) in any meaningful way.
Roderick Day: No. And obviously, we are subject to FX volatility, which during Q3 moved against us. Actually, if you look during the first few weeks of October, it's moved slightly back in our favor. So that can swing the numbers around. But in terms of the fundamentals of the business, it's relatively stable.
