Kevin D. McVeigh: Bill, I'd love to kind of get your thoughts, your first quarter out of the gate, any upside surprises, downside? It's kind of interesting it -- you really get a sense of the durability of the business model within all the additional responsibility in terms of managing through the REIT conversion process. So just any thoughts on that initially would be helpful.
Kevin D. McVeigh: Great. And then Brian, it looks like we're able to update kind of the REIT-related and other expenditures out through kind of '14 to '16. And I know we can't comment on the PLR, but any sense of what gave us the confidence to do that. Just within the context of the PLR overall would be helpful.
Kevin D. McVeigh: No, no, no, I know that. I guess, I thought the '14 to '16, that incremental data was new. It looked like the '13 range was consistent, but I hadn't seen the '14 to '16 so I didn't know if that was something that -- just what drove the decision to provide that.
William L. Meaney: Kevin, I think not really any big surprise. We're tracking as planned. I think the only thing that coming is from an outsider coming in, it's always good to see that even though Europe is not doing well from a macroeconomic standpoint -- if you look at the mature markets in Western Europe, is we continued to have solid, physical growth in terms of the -- in terms of storage rental. So we're still tracking quite well even in the mature markets. And then, emerging markets, we're continuing to find more and more upside. So I've been spending quite a bit of my time internationally over the last month or so, and we do have real opportunities there and it's starting to show in our results. So no real surprises, I think we're pretty much within expectations. But it's nice to see that things are tracking ahead.
William L. Meaney: Yes, Kevin. If we had put that out previously and it's really more to do with like the timing of tax payments, primarily that drags it out to '16. There are a couple of conversions that would likely take place past 12/31/13 which are also in that column, but we've put that out before.
William L. Meaney: Well, I think that -- thanks, George. I think, let's kind of divide the International between 2 groups, so the emerging and the mature markets. On the mature side, I think we continue to see some opportunity for tuck-in acquisitions. But even absent of that, we have seen consistently over a number of quarters now is solid -- not just solid revenue growth around storage, but also solid cube growth. So absolutely showing that where people are storing more and more paper and tapes with us during that period. So that's good to see and that's both in countries where we have already established our market-leading position and those of countries where we are not in a market-leading position. And in mature markets, obviously, we have to be more thoughtful in terms of looking at acquisitions that truly complement our current operations and build in terms of our franchise. In the emerging markets, we have, first of all, very strong fundamental underlying growth. But there's also, in a number of countries, we've already established our market-leading position, like Chile, but we're also finding other countries where there's good acquisition opportunities to continue to build on those franchises. And as I say, the underlining franchise themselves are showing very high physical storage growth and revenue growth. In addition, in a number of the emerging markets, specifically around Latin America, we're finding a lot of growth around BPM, or Business Process Management. And that many cases leads us to have even a stickier relationship with a number of our customers. In fact, the number of our customers start with more -- with our work around BPM or managing some of their paper processes and then it leads to storage, rather than the other way around. But as I say, it strengthens our relationship with those customers and we're showing good growth both on the Business Process Management, whilst it has a lower margin, but it has a very high return on invested capital and as I say, and continued strong underlying growth in the physical storage business.
William L. Meaney: It's hard to comment at this point. We're pretty -- we're very disciplined in terms of our acquisition process. And right now, we're not constrained by capital, but we are seeing more and more opportunities and, as I say, International expansion is an important part of our strategy. We did, as you know, a fairly large acquisition last year in Brazil. We continue to see acquisitions in our pipeline. I think you can expect that we'll continue on that trend. To say what our total appetite is in terms of expenditure around that at this point, it's hard to say, but I wouldn't change our guidance at this stage. But we are aggressively looking at what makes sense from an acquisition standpoint and we will continue to do that. But as I said, it was a very clear view in terms of what our hurdle rates are in terms of return.
William L. Meaney: A good question. Well, first of all, I think we start getting into this business because our customers asked us to start providing services. So as you know, we're already providing wholesale data center service to 7 customers in our underground facility as we sit here today. And it's pretty much along the lines that you're saying is that there is an opportunity to continue to both expand that business and then, when we look at what customers want is our underground facility outside Pittsburgh is more of a disaster recovery site and a number of the customers are also asking for wholesale data center services or retail services that service their day-to-day data processing needs. And those need to be closer to their headquarters or their centers of operation. So there's a link between aboveground and underground facilities. That being said, both because the question you asked and do we have the full skill set in-house and because it is a market where there are a number of competitors, is we're doing it in a very thoughtful way in letting our customers lead us into these arrangements rather than spending a lot of capital upfront and building it and see if they come, if you know what I mean. And we are as part of this process adding the right people at the right spots. But this is not large numbers of people, but it's actually hiring the right senior leadership team to support Mark Kidd, who is actually leading that effort for us, to make sure that we have the right critical skill set that can evaluate the opportunity properly.
William L. Meaney: I wouldn't say it's an exploding trend. I think that similar to what we said I think -- I believe we said on the last call this verticalization, I think of it as a way of actually taking out the drill bits and doing the hard mining to get to the next level in the vein of resources. So it's similar along the lines of what we say, we're starting to see some what I call the green shoots in the federal market with our win in the veterans area. And we're seeing some green shoots in the health care area, which is the vertical that we've been operating in the longest, and we're getting into some related areas for our traditional health care clients, which is now almost a 1-for-1 set off on a revenue basis of what we were losing on the service side because the medical records becoming electronic. And yet it's at a -- it had more than a 2x margin because we're replacing that business, the service business, around electronic medical records with more physical storage in areas like pathology, but also in terms of other physical records that is a 1-for-1 almost trade-off in terms of revenue, but at more than 2x the margin. So this is a trend where, as I say, is through the verticalization is mining deeper either in our current client relationships or clients that are in that sector but have traditionally not outsourced or completely outsourced their storage business.
William L. Meaney: It's a little bit of both. So I mean, one area and a new area which we've started in just the recent months is in the whole pathology area, which was an area that, oddly enough, we were in way back when through an acquisition we did in Boston, our first acquisition in Boston, but it's now a business that we're coming back into. As well, it has a number of areas where they weren't as sensitive to the documentation that they were keeping, either from a compliance standpoint or a space standpoint. So it's more areas where there was less sensitivity in terms of space and or compliance requirements and they now need to have those documents stored in a secure way. And the other side, as I say, is areas like pathology, which people now are realizing that those types of samples need to be stored in a proper way.
William L. Meaney: It's a comp issue in that we knew we were up against, particularly in International, some shredding account losses and we had a DMS account that we're working through. And so we know we'll be up against more favorable compares. But also that we're targeting improved growth in areas like DMS as we work through the year and that will help as well. We just really wanted to highlight that this isn't a change in trend. This is a kind of a consistent underlying trend on activity-based volume. We do have some tougher comps and we expect those numbers to improve.
William L. Meaney: The key drivers there, we were having good underlying storage growth. In the International business, we had a 12% constant dollar, 5% internal, solid growth across the business. And I think that is a good -- helps everything. It's a high-margin business and helps us to build scales across our business. And we continued to see the flow-through benefits of the improvement plan in Western Europe. If you recall the portfolio review and the productivity improvement plan that we implemented, those benefits to continue to just flow through. We're comfortable that we're on track towards the goal that we outlined in the 2-year plan of the 25% margin growth. This achievement, this year, not signaling any upside to that. And we've indicated over time, we think there is room for additional margin improvement in International but want to temper our expectations there where we think future gains will be more moderate, and that we're really focused on maximizing the value opportunity there. But -- so no change in the expectations, but we feel good about the progress that we're making.
William L. Meaney: And just to emphasize Brian's comment, the verticalization is about maintaining our consistent storage revenue growth in North America. It's not about margin expansion. There was a one-time benefit of that in terms of the realignment to the sales force that allowed us to be more efficient. But the verticalization is really about to be able to maintain our consistent revenue growth performance around storage in North America.
William L. Meaney: Thank you, operator. To wrap up, we're off to a good start in 2013. Our durable growth in storage rental continues, we have attractive opportunities to sustain that growth through acquisitions and further expansion into emerging markets, as well as investment in our adjacent businesses -- opportunities. We are on track to deliver against our financial goals. We're making good progress on preparations for our planned conversion to a REIT and we have an attractive storage rental business with durable, high-quality net operating income that aligns well with REITs. As we continue to execute against our plan, we will be focused on prudent capital allocation, maximizing total returns and delivering sustainable value to our shareholders. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Brian P. McKeon: Well, I think we've said all along that going through this process, we felt we had good arguments on the key issue areas that we need to resolution in the PLR and it's not certain. That's why we need to get feedback from the IRS, but we feel confident in our arguments and made the decision to move forward with the investments, because we need to, given the scope and complexity of our conversion effort to make sure that we're on track for the January 1 conversions. So the estimates that we provided, Kevin, are consistent with what we've highlighted in the past. I think we're just giving you some clarity on how that's playing out in terms of the phasing in 2013. But it's the same range we've been highlighting.
Brian P. McKeon: Sure, no. We again are targeting to be ready for the election on January 1. And to be positioned to do that, we have to align our legal entities internationally and we have the initial countries that we're converting, which is the U.S. and several other countries and need to have all our information systems aligned so that we can measure performance in qualified REIT subsidiaries, taxable REIT subsidiaries, and ensure that we're complying with the key requirements like the asset test. So we're -- to do that effectively, we're touching a lot of our ERP systems. We have more than one in our company. We've used different versions in International operations. We're in the midst of the heavy lifting of all of that and preparing for kind of a transition over in -- this summer so that we can test this well in advance of the January 1 conversion. And I would say, there's a ton of work going on. We're obviously investing a lot behind that, but everything is on-track, and we feel good about the progress that we're making there.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, that's a good question. I mean, as a company, we've operated above 5x leverage. I'm not saying that that's what we'd be targeting to do. But I mean, I think our business has a lot of capacity to support higher leverage. I think we would look at it in the context of the opportunity. We'd likely perhaps move more towards the 5x range if we needed to temporarily. But I think we'd look at different alternatives and what's the right way to finance the acquisition, too, if we get something more significant. But our longer-term goals are the same. The intent would be to manage our leverage back down towards the 3x to 4x target range. And we feel quite comfortable with the business that we have, that we can both manage the short term and get back to where we're hoping to be over the long term.
Brian P. McKeon: Gary, I'd also highlight that I think the dedicated sales focus in the health care vertical, we had other product offerings. We do DMS-type work, we have our product offering around digital records center for medical imaging. And being in the flow of all the change that's going on in the health care space has enabled our organization to identify opportunities, to do things like grow storage. So I think that part of the concept around the verticalization strategy is having more -- having sales and account management resources that have more specific industry insight. And by being involved with the changes that our customers are going through, we're better able to identify opportunities to do business with them. And that's certainly been the case in health care.
Brian P. McKeon: Yes, and just one thing to add to that, Scott, is remember -- and again, I think we mentioned this last time, you have to look at our International business, because of the growth potential there, as a portfolio. So as countries, for instance, if we take again Chile, which has amongst the highest margins of our operations worldwide, mature or emerging markets, is because if we've got our market-leading position there, there will be other places where we continue to build a market-leading position so it would generally drift those margins up. But we are adding in new areas where we have real opportunity. So it's a portfolio approach of adding less mature opportunities into a group of countries that may be getting more mature. So net-net, you have to -- it's not clear that it would even be the right strategy to say that our average margin would go up internationally because that would signal that we're not finding new markets to actually go into and eventually build a market-leading position. So you have to look at it as a portfolio approach in International. The key in International is to make sure that when we're doing acquisitions, we have a clear discipline in terms of our return on invested capital and return on equity. And we have a clear strategic vision of how that country or that investment will eventually build into a market-leading position.
Brian P. McKeon: The sales force realignment that was done last year wasn't just related to health care, it was a broader realignment. And we've been consistently signaling, don't expect margin improvement in North America. I think we've got a very high margin business operation. We're trying to sustain that and be balanced about an appropriate level of investment to ensure we have a healthy and sustained annuity over time. So those efficiencies enabled us to sustain good returns and that's what you should expect for this year.
Brian P. McKeon: Paper prices have been in a relatively consistent range, $150 to $160 a ton, for several months now. So I think that stability, it's a bit below the longer-term averages, which would be in the $200 a ton range. And I think the Shredding business, we feel good about progress there. But I wouldn't signal that there's any meaningful change in kind of pricing dynamics. It's been a relatively stable environment.
Brian P. McKeon: Andrew, we were trending minus 3 to minus 4 internal growth Q3, Q4. If you look back to Q1 of last year, we had growth in core service. So this isn't a fundamental change. I mean, I think we're seeing very consistent kind of pressures on the mature market activity-based services and we would expect to move back towards more kind of the range that we were in the last couple of quarters and with opportunity to improve on that because we have goals that we have in terms of driving project-based revenue and building aspects of our business. So I think it's -- we're trying to signal don't take Q1 and trend that out in terms of a growth rate that's more reflecting lapping and some specific things. But I think the trends that we saw later last year are probably more indicative of where we'll be heading in the next couple of quarters.
Brian P. McKeon: Well, we did see, in terms of the destruction and termination fees, it's not a huge driver of the number in North America, but it was lower in Q1, down double digits. Some of that's timing, so I don't want to indicate like a fundamental change there. But you're right, that is a relatively positive dynamic. I think it's reflective of a lot of the work that we've been doing over the last couple of years on customer retention, customer excellence and the benefits of that. So yes, it should be something that helps us over time. Some of -- to be fair, I mean, some of this is just timing and when things happen. But I think that is a theme that hopefully you are hearing here that we feel quite good about the storage dynamic. I think it's consistent, it's healthy. We're expanding our footprint globally and as that, our International business continues to grow, it has very healthy underlying growth rates. We're feeling good about that as a longer-term trend.
Brian P. McKeon: It won't fall off, Gary. It will go the other way candidly in the sense that we've been highlighting all along that as our anticipation, as we come through the conversion process, there's a whole bunch of one-time costs. We will have a level of incremental ongoing costs in we've -- our estimate, I believe, has been $10 million to $15 million. If you think about it, we're going to need additional tax resources, some additional financial resources, legal resources to just manage the incremental compliance requirements, things of that nature. We do anticipate that over time, we should get efficiencies as well out of this effort and that we're standardizing a lot of our systems and our approaches. I think that's going to take a little time to flow through because our focus really here is to make sure we're getting to the goal line on the right -- as quickly as we can and to make sure we don't miss that. But I wouldn't expect or I don't want to signal that we're going to see like a drop off in underlying costs. We really tried to be clear about segregating these costs and they're separate from our ongoing operational costs.
