Bill Meaney: Thanks, Stuart. Before we open up the call to your questions, I wanted to take a step back from the quarterly detail and remind you of our long-term business model, which is supported by the durability in the records management business. As an organization, one of the biggest assets we have is extremely deep and long lasting customer relationships, which provide us access to 950 of the Fortune 1000. These relationships are built on decades of trust and delivering best in class storage and value-added services. Having earned the reputation of trusted guardian of our customers assets allows us to leverage these relationships to identify cross-selling opportunities in drive significant synergies across our growing data center platform, particularly amongst enterprise customers, establishing a private cloud infrastructure and looking for a secure and reliable IT environment. A second key asset that Iron Mountain possesses is our durable developed markets record management business, which is allowed and will continue to allow us to consistently deliver strong organic cash flow, enabling us to fund future data center growth, scale our emerging markets footprint and invest in innovative solutions to meet our customer’s needs. These two significant assets underpin our overall financial strategy and continued to support and grow our very strong customer relationships. The resulting sustainability of the core business and growth in the data center business will support our target of achieving consistent 5% plus organic adjusted EBITDA growth flowing through to AFFO growth and generate returns above our cost of capital. We will remain very disciplined in our capital allocation decisions, balancing investments that will create value for shareholders, whilst providing more solutions to our customers. With that operator, please open up the call to Q&A.
Bill Meaney: Thanks, Sheila. So yes, we were pleased as you noted that we were above our guidance in terms of sequential EBITDA margin improvement. We’ve updated the guidance by actually tightening the range and what we do, we will see is continuing stepped up of the margin over the course of the year. In other words, there will be a ramp in the second half of the year, but we feel really good about the line of sight that we have to be able to finish up the year in strong shape.  So the improvements that we made in Q2 more than offset the – change things structurally that more than offset that missed on the labor in the first quarter. So we feel really good in terms of the setup for the second half, but there will be a ramp.
Bill Meaney: Well, I think we’re – I think you probably appreciate, we’re not going to talk about the buy back on the call. But from a capital allocation standpoint is a board. We look at everything about in terms of where we invest money and how we deploy that and that includes everything from how we give money back to the shareholders whether that’s through a dividend or share buyback.  So everything is always on the table when we look at it. But I think dividend yields, at some point that your shares become pretty good value. But we’re not – we looked at the full range of options right now. We really like the capital allocation decisions we have in terms of growing the data center business and also building out our business – our traditional business in emerging markets in some of our new digital solutions and we’re seeing the growth. And I’m always the optimist. I feel that at some point our dividend yield reflects probably a lack of appreciation for what we’re doing as a company and eventually gravity does reinsert itself in that, that itself correcting if the share price goes up.
Bill Meaney: Yes. I think look, we continued to see our down select ahead of where we have capacity deployed. And I think it’s partly because of the brand, I’d mentioned the cross selling, in fact that we – the last two quarters been consistent about getting 40% of our lead generation from the other side of the traditional side of the business. And our focus on those customers that are heavily regulated have very high requirements, which is mainly financial services, government and healthcare.  I mean, not that all our customers are in those categories, but that’s kind of our focus. So we continue, we look at Northern Virginia, I totally take your point. There’s a lot of capacity in Northern Virginia. It is the largest data center market globally. So there’s also a lot of absorption. But that focus I think it’s a lot of to build a pretty good pipeline. We feel really good about the pipeline we have for the Northern Virginia right now. 
Bill Meaney: It’s a good question, Eric. So let me ask the question two different ways. So we actually had quite a bit of leasing activity in Northern Virginia in Q2 and we see those at kind of normal rates when I’m talking about the retail sector or retail contracts or leases. On the specific 6 megawatts that is a hyperscale lease. So we’re seeing kind of the 8% to 9% cash on cash returns, which is where we built our business model. So that will, when you start seeing that come through, you’ll see that at a lower rate, but it’s in – but we think it’s very consistent, not just with Northern Virginia, globally, we expect those kinds of cash on cash returns when we sign up a hyperscale customer.  You’re obviously getting bigger deployments. So the – when you actually look at the overall returns – in the returns on the campus, as we said, I think previously on calls as we think that they maximize or optimize returns on a campus the size of Northern Virginia. We expect to have somewhere between 40% and 50% of the leases in those kind of 8% to 9% cash on cash returns when the site is fully built out and it’s consistent with that. But I would say the pricing on that 6 megawatts is less to do with Northern Virginia to do with the returns that are in the market for those types of customers.
Bill Meaney: Good morning, Blake. Thanks for that. Yes, I think we – I think overall, not just I would say in emerging markets, but if we look at our commercial pipeline in our records management business globally is – it’s still – it’s very healthy, because obviously that’s what we look for to give with our confidence going forward into the further quarters.  So just generally, I would say across the globe, we have a pretty good commercial pipeline over the next 12 months to 18 months. Specifically on emerging markets, if we continue to see that, it’s usually in markets like India for instance, where there’s still a very large, what I call on unvended opportunity. I think I might have mentioned previously, there’s a specific customer in India that we just want a part of their business. Historically, it was all in house, there was over 20 million cubic feet. This is a single customer in India.  So if you think about North America, which is 500 million cubic feet in total, there’s a single customer in India that has over 20 million cubic feet in house. So that just gives you the scale of the type of pipeline at we’re building our line of sight to future demand that we have in some of these markets. So we continue to be quite encouraged by what we’re building.
Bill Meaney: Andrew, good morning. You almost answered the question for me. It’s pretty much three of your four. So if you think about it, first of all, we’re looking at the commercial pipeline, when we move these ranges. So really liked in terms of the pipeline that the – and we look at what stage they are in the pipeline in terms of how long we can speak to the customer. So that’s one aspect.  Destructions are ticked down slightly. So last year I think they were up, destructions were up. So if you look at this year as they trending back to what I would call more normal levels. I wouldn’t say they’re down unusually, but they’ve come down from last year. So that’s the second aspect. And the other thing is, we’re getting, especially in North America, we’re getting more joy from our pricing initiatives that we’ve actually rolled out pricing initiatives to customers where we were a little bit [indiscernible] those seems to be sticking pretty well. So it’s a combination of revenue management, especially – specifically in North America. And then looking at destruction levels going back to kind of where I will call more norms and then looking ahead at the commercial pipeline.
Bill Meaney: Well, first of all, these are relatively small movements, but they have sizable impact, right. Because you’re talking about small movements, if you just on a business of 700 million cubic feet. So a little bit of change and that can make big differences. The – I think last year, we all have our own hypothesis. We speak to customers all the time, but many times of our customers are crisp in their response. But I think last year probably, it was a combination of some of the GDPR cleanup, people were going into bring themselves into compliance and destroying a lot of their documentation rather than trying to bring it into compliance. And then the other aspect is we did get some legal holes that got released in the financial service industry. So I think those two things alone, probably attracted a bit of it. It’s the best feedback we’re getting from our customers at this point. So our expectations that will kind of trend at the more, what I would call usual levels pre-last year, and you can see that kind of bleeding through this year.
Bill Meaney: Okay. Good morning, Shlomo. So I think the kind of two aspects, I mean, one is watching the story is about two-thirds of our pricing actions come in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. So we have that normal uptick. But specifically and what’s different this year than last year. It is that – quite frankly, if we started rolling out revenue management, the ones you’re always shy of is your largest customers, right, because there is any elasticity. Obviously, you feel it in volume in larger dimensions. I think the last couple of years have given us confidence as a team and specifically more North America, that we’re able to rollout the same kind of revenue management or pricing discipline to our larger customers as we were to come by midsize customers. And that was built on a confidence with mid-size customers and as we’ve gone into this year, in the first half of the year, we’ve seen that we have been able to actually achieve that. So lot of this, I think I’ve mentioned before on pricing, a lot of it is change management internally. In other words, giving our folks the confidence that they can charge the right price for the service that we’re delivering.
Bill Meaney: Yes, I think it’s more of a stabilized trend. I mean, if you look at the, specifically, on the developed markets, the chart that you’re referring to, is if you’re going to go down into the detail, I’d say, a moderation in terms of new sales in Q2, but if you kind of look at over 12 month basis, that goes up and down. So when we look at that and we look at giving our projections going forward, if we look at the commercial pipeline. So I think it is – developed markets will be – as we said, it will be more on the negative side of neutral, so I think, it will be a slight downward tick more than offset by revenue management. So we built that into our projections and at the end of the day, what we’re delivering is total organic revenue sales, our organic storage sales. We feel really comfortable with that. But in terms of looking at the volume that your question that you’re asking is, we then look forward at the commercial pipeline. We think it’s going to be kind of in that range, it kind of up and down.
Bill Meaney: I wish it was the whole 20 million. They’re not outsourcing everything that they have. And they actually split it between two of us. Actually, we got more than half. So we got the bulk of it. So they didn’t outsource the whole 20 million. I think over time they will and that’s already starting to flow into our Indian operation.
Nate Crossett: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys. I just wanted to follow-up on that margin improvement question. I think on the last call, you kind of got into 600 basis points ramp by the year end. So I know you said that it’s going to ramp through year end, but is that 600 give or take still in place.
Nate Crossett: Okay, thanks. And then on just the organic growth number, I appreciate your comments on how much customer acquisitions effects that number. And so I just want to be clear that if you take the 2.2% and you subtract 60 basis points, is that 1.6% a true same-store metric by real estate standards or…
Nate Crossett: Okay. And then just one last question on the NoVa lease. I’d be curious to get a little more color on how you won that deal, because some of the other guys have been saying that Northern Virginia is very competitive and there’s pricing pressures. And so I’d just be curious on how you won that. 
Stuart Brown: Hey Nate, this is Stuart. Yes, if you look at the ramp in the margin that’s implied, I think that the way to look at it, right, if you think about sort of Q2 normalized EBITDA adjusting for the $10 million that we talked about Q2 normalized EBITDA was that $361 million. So guidance of the $1,440 or $1,480 by just backing into what the second half EBITDA growth is and plus in EBITDA growth of 7.65% to 8.05%, but on that range. So that’s a ramp in Q2 normalize about $20 million to $40 million per quarter.  And you think about even just the first quarter, we improve $35 million from the first quarter. So the ramp and EBITDA margins, you should continue to see and the benefits that we get as we move through the year, we talked about in the last quarter call, right. We’ve got revenue management and most of our pricing takes place in Q2 actually more of it takes place in Q3. So you get the benefit as we move through the year of pricing. And then the continuous improvement initiatives that Bill touched on led by the global operations support team, which really continues to focus on improve labor productivity, particularly in things like Latin America service margin focused on fleet utilization and number of other areas. We’ve got initiatives underway to meet the guidance.
Stuart Brown: I don’t think you can compare it to real estate standards, because real estate – the REIT industry does NOI on a building by building basis, you’ve got to remember the nature of our business is that we store our customers, records and information. They don’t care which building it is. So it’s not a building by building basis, I think about for an office building or a warehouse. So that’s why its organic growth and not sort of the same-store growth. 
Stuart Brown: Yes. Thanks, Eric. As we’ve said over the last couple of quarters, we see ourselves landing lease adjusted leverage of around 5.5 times at the end of the year. If you look at sort of how it’s goings to come down from where it was at the end of Q2, right. We’ve benefited really from three things. First of all, the increasing EBITDA year-over-year, right. The leverage is calculated on trailing 12-month basis. Second, the capital recycling underway. We’ve got a sale leaseback portfolio in the market now of industrial properties and a second property, we’re about to start marketing.  So feel very confident in the $100 million plus that was just built into our guidance currently. We could do more there is a lot of demand out there for industrial real estate. We’re trying to be prudent and sort of prudent the portfolio the right way. The third thing to call out is the data center leasing. Because the way our covenants work in our credit facility as we get credit, because it’s a trailing 12-month basis, on development properties, we get credit for leases that have been signed. So because you’ve put the capital out to develop it upfront, so you get all 12 months of EBITDA credit related to those leases, so that also helps get to the around 5.5 times. 
Stuart Brown: Yes, Blake, again, it’s built into our guidance. I want to talk about specific results of the initiatives. But yes, we’ve got a number of initiatives going on both to improve efficiency in North America transportation. When we look at our data management business and fleet in the records management business efficiencies on the labor side, particularly focused in Latin America where labor productivity, we think we’ve got some improvements there as we take some of the labor standards that we’ve employed here in North America.  Some of the efficiencies where just to give you a specific example, in Latin America, we traditionally staffed each project team separately, we’re in North America, we sort of cross train people better and we can use them across projects. We’re putting that same initiative in place in Latin America, which will help Latin America service margins as well.  So there are a number of things going on. I think we’ve got – if we total up each initiative from the global operations support team, I mean there’s well worth – well north of 50 different things that they’re working on to keep taking cost as part of our continuous improvement initiative. I think having a global knowledge is really cross breed ideas of faster and implement them faster across the organization.
Stuart Brown: Yes. I think it’s actually not very complicated, right? So on average, we’ve spend, I think probably at $60 million a year and this year, I would expect this to be sort of around that as well. And that includes, mostly boxes, mostly in the developed business and the developed markets. Some of it’s little bit of it in the shred business as well. So it gets sort of spread between the two. And as we said before, typically, we will bring in 3 million to 4 million cubic feet a year in tuck-in. When you’re comparing the cost between, bring it in through a salesperson or you typically get a number of different costs, because when you bring it to salesperson, depending upon if it’s at the customers today or in the competitors, you get some different costs. So you’ve got the sales commissioning you have to pay, but you’re right is a portion of it. If it’s at a competitor, you’re often reimbursing the customer for their permanent withdrawal fees that they’ve got to pay for the competitor, right, which can be pretty substantial. And so you compare that to a [indiscernible] we are typically paying around three times revenue. You actually don’t get that much of a difference, but you get the volume benefit and efficiency benefits of doing it and moving it one time efficiently. And once you’re fully integrated and synergized, you’re at about a 90% margin, so the flow through that’s really good. So you’ve got a payback of less than four years with integration costs. Which is giving you a cash on cash return of 25%. So our goal is to be transparent about it. We view it as organic and because it is like a sales or some other competitive takeaway. We provide the information to investors, but it is part of our organic growth and we think about it that way as part of our organic capital spend as well.
Stuart Brown: Yes, I think I touched on this. There’s couple of different ways to look at it. I mean, I’ve touched on the leverage change from year to year end, both from the capital recycling and the thing to remember, Marlene, is that as EBITDA growth, right. That allows you to borrow against that and still reduce leverage. So if our EBITDA growth $100 million organically per year, you can see a radically at five times borrow $500 million and still reduce leverage from where we are at the mid five levels. So you can do both at the same time and fund those capital needs.
Stuart Brown: Yes. Kevin. I appreciate the question, because there’s been a number of questions about it. Let me start off with, our initial guidance already assumed that paper prices would be declining. So our initial guidance, we assume that paper prices would decline about $10 per ton from 2018 and on a price per ton basis, $10 per ton equates to about $6 million of EBITDA. So if you so to say, okay, what’s now inherited our current assumptions and Bill touched on his remarks, I did as well. If paper prices stay at current levels and that’s down about $40 per ton from a year ago, right. That $40 per ton is about $25 million, impact year-over-year, right. And so if you think about it versus guidance, that’s about $20 million headwind relative to our guidance. Other things just for people to remember as well, we have really high quality sorted office papers, when we go into market to sell. We do sell it at a higher price and what people maybe saying in the index.
Stuart Brown: Remember, that despite the $10 million of headwinds that we booked as well. And again, we came out of – we talked about in the first quarter call, we came out with a lot of confidence in terms of our ability to recover, the fact was that the labor issue that we had in first quarter was late in the quarter, we could have recovered in the quarter. And again, I think from an execution, from our operations teams out there around the world, now the ones who really get the credit, both Bill touched on the revenue management of programs we’ve got in place, cost takeout, there’s a lot of work we have to do, right. There’s a lot of opportunities for us in terms of levers in the company to move margins and to get more efficient and we work on delivering those every day.
Stuart Brown: Absolutely not. We’re not taking this out of the backs of our – of the mountain here is out there who are serving our customers every day. If you look, you can see labor efficiencies, our labor actually year-over-year as a percentage of revenue is down. There is some price flow through, again most of them come through in the back half of the year. And then efficiencies and just other costs of sales as well around transportation in some of the other areas.
