William Meaney: Yes, I think we’ve talked about it, Shlomo, a few times that we see that as a path that we would like to continue to follow. If you think about you have a fully stabilized data center asset, there is a lot of pension money or funds that manage pension money that are looking for mid-digit returns on an investment basis because it’s a fully stabilized asset with a very long contract, and we were able to find that both on the debt and the equity side, so it just makes sense to take that money and then plow it back into higher return projects.
William Meaney: In terms of AGC, they do have an appetite for these things, and in fact they have a similar structure with a different customer in the United States, and we ran a process so I would expect that they would be interested in any further processes that we run down the path. I wouldn’t be surprised at all for us--to see us do other things with AGC, but it will depend on the location and the opportunity. I think in terms of your question on storage revenue growth, is that it was about 1.7% if you just look at the physical storage and took out the data center, so it goes from 2.5 to 1.7, but still strong positive growth based on some of the success that we’ve been having on the back of consumer, so really pleased both in terms of record management did better this quarter and also consumer is really starting to show that it’s starting to hit a groove. That being said, we do expect--you know, the quarters are going to kind of go backwards and forwards a little bit because consumer is a seasonal business, but we think the trajectory is moving in the right direction for both businesses.  On the pricing side, you can see actually that we are continuing to get roughly the three points of price that Barry highlighted. We don’t see any slowdown in that at all, and we have more to get in the emerging markets, which are relatively new to the game in terms of our revenue management processes, so good response from the customers. We’re still considered very much an essential business or essential service to our customers, so it’s a great position to be in.
William Meaney: Thanks Michael. I think first of all, it’s that it’s incremental, it’s on top, so we don’t see a lot of people saying, we’re going to go digital and then stop physical. There’s a few cases of that, but usually people want to keep their physical records as well for proof, but where we see the digital transformation is really around the use. So if you think, a couple of examples--or either that, use and/or further downstream processing.  So the example I gave on the call about the mortgage processing is really about downstream processing, but we also have--and we talked about that, I think, a little bit on previous calls when we changed our service level agreements and really made a push on image on demand, we’ve seen one customer, for instance, in the U.K. that has fully embraced that, so they only take their retrievals now through image on demand. Any time they need a retrieval, we image it and we load it up onto the system, and they access it that way, which we--which for us, longer term, it’s a higher margin business for us than having vans on the road, and honestly environmentally it’s better. So really, kind of two bits. One is we’re getting into more processes, quite frankly, where we weren’t exposed before, so we’re helping them with the downstream processes, and then the other case is people are taking advantage of our image on demand, which for us is a more efficient way to get them the information back.
William Meaney: Thanks Eric for the question.  I wouldn’t say that we’re going more for hyperscale than we’ve always espoused. I think we’ve always said for large campuses, we’d expect somewhere between 40% and 60% of the campus to be hyperscale and the rest to be co-lo or retail, but this year it may be a little bit more noticeable because the gestation period in terms of that marketing takes a while. Our relationship as we went into data centers for sure was stronger on the enterprise side, setting up project cloud for large enterprise customers than it was on the hyperscale, so this year we’re actually really pleased with the progress we’ve made in terms of building our reputation and exposure with the hyperscale. If you look at year to date, we’re about 50/50, so about 50% of that 51 megawatts that we’ve signed up here to date is hyperscale, including obviously the Frankfurt site, and about 50% is retail, so we’re really happy with the mix. But for sure you’re right, is that the cash and cash returns on hyperscale deployments are lower, but they’re longer term contracts and it allows you to build out the facilities or the campuses faster, so it still is the right mix, we think in terms of maximizing returns.
Barry Hytinen: Good morning, this is Barry. Thanks for the question.  Yes, the JV will be an unconsolidated joint venture, and so the revenue and EBITDA will not be benefited from it, and you’d see it below the line, to your question. You will see a smaller amount for the management type fees that I mentioned that would flow through revenue and therefore EBITDA - that’s for things like property management, construction development. I think that answers your question, thanks.
Barry Hytinen: Hi Sheila, this is Barry. Thanks for the question.  For the most part, you’d be thinking about sales-leasebacks in terms of what we’re talking about. The couple of opportunities we monetized in the most recent quarter were also sale-leasebacks. Frankly, we’re seeing very, very strong performance from the team as it relates to cap rates in light of where the market is - think something like sub-5, even 4. Then with relatively long term leases together with options to further renew, we have the ability to effectively control those facilities, we feel like whether we lease or own them.  We feel good about that monetization strategy, and then in terms of priorities, it really is into higher return IRR projects that are in the development pipeline. As you know, and you know the business really well, that’s focused principally on data center but not exclusively there, and so you should expect us to continue to recycle and likely step up that activity some going forward.
Barry Hytinen: Sure George - hi, this is Barry. Thanks for the question.  For the--if you recall in July, we mentioned that total service activities were down kind of mid to high 20s for the quarter. If you look at new boxes inbounded, they average about 31%. October is slightly below that level and September was, as you might expect, the best performance of the quarter in light of trajectory we’ve been mentioning, and that really is the case for all of the other service activities - they’re generally following the same trajectory.  I would say that we look at--going forward, we’d use the September-October levels as being indicative of what we’re expecting, and that’s embedded in the forward outlook that we mentioned as it relates to third quarter and fourth quarter looking sort of similar in terms of revenue and EBITDA.
Barry Hytinen: Eric, it’s Barry. Thanks for the question. As it relates to fourth quarter, I would say that we’re working with a modeling of service revenue decline being similar in nature Q3-Q4 versus prior year, and that’s what’s essentially embedded in that outlook. That should work through--you’ll be able to work through the storage number. I would note that that’s aligned with my answer to George earlier about where we see activity levels as being fairly consistent to slightly better. Thanks for the question.
Barry Hytinen: Thanks Shlomo. It’s actually in our entertainment services, and the real improvement in physical I think, beyond a sustainable basis, is on the consumer side, so that was more of a true-up in terms of some private vaults that we had with our entertainment services. If you look overall, if you think about the overall record management down about 1.1 million cubic feet, consumer was up 2.5, and then I would say it was kind of a one-off true-up of a little over half a million cubes with entertainment services.
