Roderick Day: Yes, so on International, we expect further improvements in the International margin. Really, it's a continuation of the strategy that we've been having, and it builds leadership positions in the markets in which we operate. And from that, it enabled us to drive high margins off the back of it. So we see continued improvement on that side.
Roderick Day: Yes, I mean, we did see some moderation in the rate of decline of service activities as we ended [ph] second half of 2013. And that continues. And as we worked our way through into Q4, I think we're nervous about calling it a big fundamental shift in the business in terms of a change in trend. But at least, there was continuation of a slightly more positive sign through Q4.
Roderick Day: I think what we saw in Q4 was there was a number of pricing actions that we took around some contract wins and some contract renewals, which resulted in a number of payments that we did announce that will be made in the beginning of the contract. We sort of had a slight dampening effect in Q4. I think for the outlook for 2014, we're expecting to get back more to the sort of 2% range we've seen historically.
Roderick Day: Maybe I'll start with the paper price. We're not calling really any up or down on that but started off as paper. We saw $133 a ton [ph] in Q4, baked in [ph] our projections. We're going to project that forward as opposed to making extrapolations up or down. SO obviously, if it was to improve, that will good. If it goes down further [indiscernible] is the negative. So that's kind of how we view the outlook. In terms of service...
Roderick Day: Well, obviously, Recall had less storages in America compared to International relative to what I know -- what we know without bearing on the result.
William L. Meaney: One thing, Scott, just to give you a bit of extra flavor to that is that what we're talking about is in terms of the current portfolio. But the other side of it, which we always say on the International side, is that we're constantly adding new -- well, I shouldn't say new markets, but new acquisitions in the pipeline. So as we -- it's a portfolio play if you will. So in other words that if we look at our most pure market [indiscernible], the markets where we've established some key positions that Rod had alluded to, is those returns already mimic what we see in North America, for instance. When we actually enter a new market and -- or build out our capacity market like what we're doing in Brazil, we see a regular input [ph] in terms of those margins over time. But we also need to understand that as we actually go into new markets that we start at one end of the spectrum and then build it to the other. The only thing I would just say is in all those cases, though, is we go in to the view that we have to exceed even on the initial acquisitions our return on -- our hurdle in terms of return on capital. But over time, even beyond the initial returns on invested capital, we see the returns start mimicking what we get. North America hasn't hit those market leading positions if that makes sense.
William L. Meaney: Yes. And then coming, Scott, to your question about DMS or related service and how it drives storage, I think that there's kind of 2 parts to that. I think, first and foremost, is that our customers are much more interested in solutions that we provide around their whole information management requirement, hence the reason why, over a year ago, we started going to a much more vertical process in terms of how we align our sales force to our customers. We've talked about that on previous calls in terms of the industry verticals that we had. And one of the main reasons for that is to be able to address for our larger enterprise customers those requirements that they have around a total solution. So there, you're absolutely right. I think, especially in emerging markets, we have seen a very strong link in terms of providing those services in additional storage. But I think this is -- it's very much related to our vertical strategy in addressing a solution around information management beyond just storing the physical document or electronic information.
William L. Meaney: Okay. So I think on that, George, is that -- I think we're still consistent with the guidance that we've given previously, that we're allocating about USD 40 million worth of CapEx for 2014. And the way you should think about that is about 80-20. Now the 80% of that is linked to strong or high visibility around customer commitments or requirements. 20% is, what I would call, kind of fundamental infrastructure. So we're still very much driven by making sure that we have customers that are leading the vast majority of our CapEx in that business.
William L. Meaney: Yes. And Kevin, on the service side, we did see some weather-related impact. It's the winter that keeps giving in the Northeast, especially tough on, actually, throughout the country. So we have seen some of that, but we don't try to project much into that. I think that the -- I think that's fair to say. But I think also, if you unpack our service revenue to a certain degree, as Rod said previously, if you look at the, what we would call, kind of the retrievals and re-files, which is the kind of the core part of our service revenue, we do see a flattening out of the decreasing trend in that part of the business. The paper trend as -- is probably the biggest single impact in terms of our service revenue for Q4, which Rod highlighted, down from previous year, associated with some specific projects, which are related to our document management services. But you're right to call out that weather has put a certain amount of headwinds on our service revenue in Q4.
William L. Meaney: I think you're probably overanalyzing it and anything there [ph]. We're just now showing guidance for 2014. And then assuming that we have a positive ruling from the IRS is there will be ongoing REIT costs associated with not just supporting the normal recording for a REIT but also as we convert more countries from a TRS to a QRS. So I think you're overanalyzing. We're just showing the guidance now for 2014.
William L. Meaney: I think as Rod kind of alluded to on the first thing, Andrew, was it was related to a few specific large customer renewals and retroactive decreases we had to give associated with that, which we took the impact in Q4. So it's a -- very specific around a couple of large customers. And so we have visibility going out for the rest of the 2014 and can -- those are much more one-off adjustments.
William L. Meaney: It depends on the contract, Andrew. But you're right to say that, generally, we use the escalators that are high to CPI. But it depends on how long the contract is for and it's a mix. But generally, what you're saying is correct.
William L. Meaney: No. Actually, the volume growth remains on track. It clearly is related to a couple specific, large contract renewals.
William L. Meaney: Shlomo, this is Bill. Yes -- no, I think it's the question. I think that, that was one of the key attractiveness for us on Cornerstone. There were really kind of 2 aspects. One is the operational aspect, which we've highlighted, is that -- and we're actually nicely ahead of plan in terms of being able to get that. The other part was the fact that Cornerstone had a very good representation in the middle market part of the business. In part of our realignment of strategy, which we talked about, I think on the last call and throw in some more detail on the Investor Day, was really that is getting much more focused through the 19 regions that we've set up across North America to go after that middle market, and Cornerstone fits very nicely into that initiative. So that's where their sweet spot was.
William L. Meaney: No. We've already done that. In fact, we've already integrated a number of their sales people into our organization, both on the -- boots on the ground, as well as some of the performance management associated with that to go after that market. That's actually already complete.
William L. Meaney: Yes, yes, because you have to understand, their record, their pure records management size in North America is about 1/10 of ours, so it's -- as Rod said, they're more biased towards the International market.
William L. Meaney: I think that the -- Manav, I think that the guidance that we gave at the last Investor Day is the right general expectation. I think at Investor Day, coming up in March, we'll give you a better view in terms of where we think we're going to end up over the next 3 years in terms of our acquisition pipeline because we have built a pretty robust pipeline mainly focused at the emerging markets. So our focus is to primarily grow the emerging markets which tend to be smaller in size but in higher growth areas. So I think that the guidance that we gave last time, I think, still is the right general guidance. And I think we'll give you more color in terms of what the impact of our acquisition pipeline should look like over the next 3 years when we all meet at the end of March.
William L. Meaney: Yes. Actually, I just came back from China, so I can give you a little bit of an update on that, is that the -- first of all, it's a nice little acquisition. As we said, this is -- it's not massive, but it actually builds out our location across China and gives us a similar footprint as our other, what I would call, international competitors or a little bit bigger than some of our international competitors in China. So we feel pretty good about that. I think that the -- I think it's fair to say right now with our China footprint, we have a footprint that is attractive and meets the requirements of our international clients. But we're still not, what I would call, a buyer for SOEs, state-owned enterprise. And there, there are larger and local competitors that are serving state-owned enterprise markets. So right now, it's early days in China, but we feel good that we've now got a platform that, first of all, can satisfy our international customer base; and second, gives us a lot more intel on the ground in terms of better opportunities. But we're still what I wouldn't call a large book provider of services for the state-owned enterprise.
William L. Meaney: I think, so far, we haven't. I mean, I know they announced a couple of acquisitions this past week. They -- I mean, they were always -- they were a good competitor before they spun out. They're, I'm sure, going to continue to be a good competitor now that they've spun out. So I can't say there'd be any change. I think that they will, I think, like us, be very disciplined in terms of the way that they allocate capital, especially now that they're a public company. So I don't see any major change or anything like that.
William L. Meaney: I think, first and foremost, is that we've been working with the authorities to assist in any way that we can to their investigation. So is this being led by, obviously, the local authorities. So we don't have any information other than what's already out there that has been released by the authorities. But I think it would be wrong for us to even speculate at this point. We can't really go beyond what we've said, it did have fire detection, fire suppression systems in the operation. We did have security guards on duty 24 hours, so there were people monitoring the facility. But this is clearly a very tragic event, and the only thing I would just add is that nobody spends more than we do in terms of trying to prevent these types of occurrences. But at this point, we're cooperating with the authorities. Like them, we want to find out what the root cause was.
William L. Meaney: Okay. Well, thank you very much, operator. In summary, we had a good quarter and wrapped up a solid year, underscoring the durability of our storage rental business. We began to execute on our recent organization realignment and advance initiatives to extend the durability of our business. This included acquisitions in both the emerging and the developed markets that will generate attractive returns on our capital as we integrate these businesses into our core and additional investments in the emerging data center business. These initiatives are consistent with our continued focus on prudent capital allocation and maximizing total return, and we believe they will support sustainable long-term growth and allow us to deliver durable returns to our shareholders. We look forward to sharing more details with you at our upcoming Investor Day, and thank you for joining us this morning.
